This paper aims to consider the practicalities and problematics of applying grounded theory (GT) as a novice researcher during a mixed methods research project. Presented as a critical review of GT via a case study, it observes postgraduate (PhD) investigation into the nature of sketch inhibition among undergraduates within design higher education. A case study of a postgraduate (PhD) investigation into the nature of sketch inhibition among undergraduates within design higher education is presented as a critical review of grounded theory (GT) as a research approach and methodological framework. The findings from this have been developed into a set of considerations for prospective users of the method, intended as a decision-making tool for novices to GT research. Novice use of GT can be fraught with complexity and initially perceived as in-compatible with traditional post graduate research. This paper is the first to consider the practicalities and problematics of applying GT as a novice researcher during a mixed methods research project. The findings from this have been developed into a set of considerations for prospective users of the method, intended as a decision-making tool for novice researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of financial sector reforms on foreign direct investment (FDI) inflow in an emerging economy. The study uses panel data for the period 2000-2017. The panel data are based on the World Development Indicators (WDI) and total factor roductivity (TFP) model. Furthermore, the study uses a fixed-effects panel data regression model. The results of the study reveal that financial sector reforms have a positive and significant impact on FDI inflows in Ghana. The findings also reveal that the financial sector reform has a positive impact on the FDI inflow of Ghana. In addition, the findings reveal that there is a significant positive relationship between the level of financial sector development and FDI. This study is the first of its kind to empirically examine the impact of financial sector reforms on FDI inflow in an emerging economy using data from Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to study the Iranian policy in the Middle East (ME) and its evolution and consequences on Egypt. The paper is based on a literature review of the Iranian policy in the Middle East (ME) and its consequences on Egypt. The Iranian policy has been analyzed in the light of the historical development of the relationship between the two countries, the historical rivalry between them and the political and social transformations that occurred in the region. The Iranian policy in the ME has taken many aspects in its pursuit to execute its policy in light of the political transformations that occurred in the region. These determinants have served the Iranian project that is based on performing a promising regional role supported by a military force that relies on both conventional and non-conventional capabilities whether related to the nuclear program or the development of the country's rocket forces, in addition to using a number of tools that exist in the regional arena and supported by the political and social environment in the Arab region that witnessed substantial changes following the Arab revolutions in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya, in a way that serves this strategy. This study is the first of its kind that examines the Iranian policy in the ME and its consequences on Egypt in the context of the historical rivalry between the two countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the accuracy of forecasting the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series for one day ahead. In this study, a double seasonal autoregressive integrated moving average (DSARIMA) model is used to study the Egyptian hourly residential natural gas consumption series. Furthermore, the generalized autoregression conditional heteroskedasticity (GARCH) model may be also used to capture the conditional volatility heteroskyasticity observed in the series. Different orders of DSARIMa-GARCH models are estimated using maximum likelihood method. The results show that the DSARIMA-GARCH model is able to capture both daily and weekly seasonal patterns and capture the volatility behavior of the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series at the same time. The forecasts produced by the selected model are accurate for one day ahead, one week ahead and a month ahead. This study contributes to the existing literature by investigating the usage of the DSARIMA-GARCH model in forecasting the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series. The proposed model can be used to accommodate both daily and weekly seasonal patterns as well as the conditional volatility behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mechanisms through which cultural products are valued and explore the ramifications of these processes for organizations engaged in the production of cultural products. Cultural products are unique in the sense that they are "goods and services that are valued for their 'meaning'" and do not provide simply a direct utilitarian function to their users. The authors argue that meaningfulness, the resultant value ambiguity and uncertainty of these products shift the focus of valuation away from the products themselves towards how certain agents in the socio-cultural environment identify and certify their products. The paper is based on a qualitative case study of a cultural industry in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants in the industry. The data were analyzed using a grounded theory approach. The authors find that cultural products are valued differently from traditional products in that they are valued based on their meaning, which is highly subjective and ambiguous. The authors argue that the value of cultural products shifts the focus of valuation away from the products themselves towards how certain agents in the socio-cultural environment identify and certify their products. In other words, valuation takes place through selection systems, e.g. part of the "judgement devices" (Karpik, 2010) and the nature of the cultural products determines which selection systems take predominance in driving their valuations. This rather unique valuation process has profound implications for organizations engaged in cultural production. These organizations essentially produce meaning rather than just making things. Because meaning is deeply embedded in specific social-cultural contexts, its production is no longer a private endeavour pursued by firms alone, but requires the involvement of various relevant agents, which constitute selection systems that firms need to manage. This paper contributes to the literature on value creation in cultural industries by examining the mechanisms through which cultural products are valued and exploring the ramifications of these processes for organizations engaged in the production of cultural products.
Open source electronic medical records (OSS) communities provide free source code so that any software developer can modify, view or distribute the product, which, in turn, results in more flexible technologies, greater innovation and lower costs. In contrast to for-profit technology organizations, these communities are comprised primarily of volunteers and are characterized by fluid membership combined with a lack of formal structure and few rules or regulations. Viewed from an organizational perspective, the challenge that leaders of these communities face concerns how to build a sense of psychological ownership when factors and incentives, which apply to traditional organizations (e.g. formal employment contracts and salary) are absent from these communities. The purpose of this paper is to address these challenges. This study uses a combination of deductive and inductive methods, using both survey data (n = 50) and anecdotal data (N = 56 interviews) collected on-site at the annual conference of one open source EMR community. The authors identify conceptual nuances between traditional organizations and OSS communities in regard to common antecedents of psychological ownership (e.g. extrinsic rewards). Importantly, the authors also differentiate the types of organizational commitment most relevant to the two settings. While continuance commitment (i.e. the need to stay with a current employer) influences psychological ownership in traditional organizations, the work identifies normative commitment as a powerful antecedent of psychological Ownership in OSS community. Finally, the qualitative results reveal that - in contrast to traditional organizations where psychological ownership is felt toward the organization - psychologicalOwnership is often felt toward end users as opposed to the community itself. Taken together, these findings not only highlight the importance of studying O SS communities but also offer guidance on how leaders can best manage members to ensure the community's continued success. This study is one of the first to examine psychological ownership in OSS communities, which are characterized by fluid membership combined with a lack of formal structure and few rules or regulations. The authors identify conceptual nuances between traditional organizations and O SS communities in regard to common antecedents of psychological ownership (e.g. extrinsic rewards). Importantly, the authors differentiate the types of organizational commitment most relevant to the two settings. While continuance commitment (i.e. the need to stay with a current employer) influences Psychological ownership in traditional organizations, the work identifies normative commitment as a powerful antecedent of Psychological Ownership in the OSS community.
The purpose of this paper is to share the reflections of social work students in Nigeria regarding their knowledge of the anti-oppressive practice approach. The study adopted a qualitative research design, using semi-structured interviews as the primary method of data collection. The data were analyzed using a thematic analysis of the transcripts. The findings of the study revealed that the majority of the students were aware of the concept of anti-oppressive practice, but they were not prepared to apply this approach in their daily practice. The majority of students were not aware of social work as a social justice-oriented profession in the country. The students were, however, aware that social work is an important practice approach that can be used to address structural and personalized social problems. This study will be making an important contribution to the field by providing an African perspective (a marginal voice) to the anti-oppressive discourse of the social work profession. Significantly, as the next generation of practitioners in the region as a whole, what social work students know about anti- Oppressive practice would prove cardinal in mainstreaming social work as a social justice-oriented profession in a context in which the relevance of the profession is increasingly being called to question.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate those attraction features that would create the best pre-visit mental image in the minds of domestic visitors towards the Grand Egyptian Museum (GEM) in Egypt and to measure the impact of these attraction features on the image of the museum, which logically would affect their intention to visit the museum. This study is based on a quantitative approach and the data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to domestic potential visitors to the GEM. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) technique. From the path analysis it can be seen that local domestic potential visitors do hold a positive image of the GEM and, as this study is based on the premise that "image" plays an important role in the marketing of services. As the author is dealing with "first time" visitors to GEM, thus the factors that impact pre-visit destination image are very important and as such the following factors are important: learning/knowledge has a significant positive effect on the image of GEM. Museum facilities have a significant effect on GEM image and this agrees with several previous literature. The value added of this research lies in the fact that up to the humble effort exerted by the author, all articles reviewed have dealt with the visitors' experience of already existing museums or other cultural destinations that handles partially or totally post-visit image; but this research is dealing with a new museum that has not opened its doors to the visitors yet and will start functioning in late 2020 or 2021, and thus this research deals with the pre-visIT image of the museum, which will not be based on primary sources (previous experience of visitors to this specific destination) but rather on secondary sources of information messages sent by the destination through various media whether website or Facebook page or brochures or documentaries or press releases or advertisements about the GEM based on the attraction features that the management of GEM will use to attract visitors.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude, which is based on entrepreneurship education, financial support and market availability. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. This can be further encouraged through financial support. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the youngsters in Malaysia. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The findings from this research have identified the potential to shape an entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude development based on entrepreneurship education and financial support. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. The financial support provides deeper encouragement than entrepreneurship education to shape the entrepreneurial attitude, which will further stimulate the entrepreneurial intention to venture into entrepreneurship. The findings from this research have identified the potential to shape an entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude development based on entrepreneurship education and financial support. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. The financial support provides deeper encouragement than entrepreneurship education to shape the entrepreneurial attitude, which will further stimulate the entrepreneurial intention to venture into entrepreneurship.
The purpose of this paper is to provide evidence on the social responsibility disclosure of Egyptian universities; comparing the disclosure level of public universities on social responsibility activities vs private universities; and suggesting a framework that enhances the role of universities' social responsibility that would help in promoting sustainable development. The study uses a quantitative approach, where the social responsibility disclosure index of public and private universities in Egypt is used to compare the disclosure level of public universities on social responsibility activities vs private universities. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and correlation analysis. The results of this paper reveal that the disclosure level of public and private universities in Egypt is low; undoubtedly, there are many obstacles that constraint universities to strengthen their efforts to promote the practice of social responsibility activities, some of which may be owing to organizational matters, laws and regulations that serve the role of universities to fulfill their social responsibility, as well as the lack of awareness of the importance of the initiatives taken by universities in achieving the sustainable development. The paper extends prior research by providing further evidence from the education sector of the emerging market of Egypt, where this sector has a crucial role in civil and community service. The paper suggests a framework that enhances the role of universities' social responsibility and sustainable development.
The purpose of this paper is to present the impact of the political reform on stability in Kuwait during the period after the Arab revolutions since 2010. The study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the citizens of Kuwait. The sample consisted of 1,000 questionnaires, which were sent to the population of the State of Kuwait in the period after 2010. The study shows that the reform demands in Kuwait were not surprising. They were the result of political conflicts that preceded this period. The protests were not as demanding to change the regime as in other Arab countries, but it was only a pressure on the government and strengthening of the influence of the opposition under the existing regime. The opposition in Kuwait is complementary to the regime, not an alternative to it. The paper presents the impact of political reform on stability in Kuwait during the period after the Arab revolutions since 2010. The reform demands in Kuwait were not surprising. They were the result of political conflicts that preceded this period.
The purpose of this paper is to present some of relevant literatures on the topic of institutional performance assessment on many levels, for the purpose of developing a proposed model for measuring administrative performance, applying on governmental sector organizations, taking into consideration the dimension of expressing the proposed model quantitatively, through statistical and mathematical formulas. Based on the previous context, the study is going to present some of relevant literatures on the topic of institutional performance assessment on many levels, for the purpose of developing a proposed model for measuring administrative performance, applying on governmental sector organizations, taking into consideration the dimension of expressing the proposed model quantitatively, through statistical and mathematical formulas. The main question of the study represents in how to formulate some quantitative model for assessing Institutional performance of public governmental organizations using a number of developed key performance indicators (KPIs), including three different proposed levels of institutional performances (individual + sub units + organization in total). Based on the previous context, the study acquires it is importance as: This study is considered to be a continuation of many research studies in the same way of developing practical formulas for measuring public performance. Authors are seeking to benefit from quantitative tools to serve the administrative studies related to measuring the institutional performance in the public sector. The idea of research is vital as it baves the way for assessing institutional performance and then assessing executing public policy in the following step in future studies in this line. This study is considered to be a continuation of many research studies in the same way of developing practical formulas for measuring public performance. Authors are seeking to benefit from quantitative tools to serve the administrative studies related to measuring the institutional performance in the public sector. The idea of research is vital as it baves the way for assessing institutional performance and then assessing executing public policy in the following step in future studies in this line.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new way of analysis of terrorism data that can be useful in understanding the landscape of terrorism. The researcher is interested to classify terrorist organizations or groups based on the way they perform the terrorist incident. The researcher used network analysis methodology in addition to database management using SQL language codes, and an algorithm to calculate similarity and generate network data from regular incidents' data. The researcher developed a C# computer software to extract data from SQL database, and applied the proposed algorithm. Applying the proposed algorithm on a sample of terrorism incidents that happened in Egypt from 2011 till 2017, it was found that the network of terrorist groups can be decomposed into two important components and three cliques. This means that in spite of the fact that there are 22 terrorist groups registered in the GTD data for this sample, there are only two to three main shared patterns of terrorism. In other words, we have many group names for the same pattern. This study proposes a new way of analysis of terrorism data that can be useful in understanding the landscape of terrorism. This study is one of the first to use network analysis methodology in mapping terrorist groups together.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit, which is influenced by lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 respondents in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the research model. The results show that lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness have a significant influence on the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit. In addition, functional food consumption is influenced by lifestyle adaptation and social media. Furthermore, functional foods are perceived to be healthier than normal processed foods. This research is a breakthrough to discover the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit, which is influenced by lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness. The findings of this research will help functional food producers to make an effort to gain an insight into this untapped market by focussing on the lifestyle adaptation and social media influence and food awareness.
The purpose of this paper is to examine contraceptive discontinuation (including method failure, switching, abandoning use for the desire to become pregnant and abandoning use while still in need) as an important part of the fertility increase observed during the past decade in Egypt. Discontinuation is one of those behaviours that contribute to the level of fertility through what Jain and colleagues have termed the "leaking bucket" that reduces the impact of family planning programmes. This paper presents a comparison between contraceptive discontinuation rates in 2000, 2008 and 2014, discusses the reasons for discontinuation by methods and background characteristics of women, and Calculates the impact of eliminating discontinuation for reasons related to method and service provision on fertility. Contraceptive discontinuation is an important part of the overall fertility increase observed during the past decade in Egypt. Discontinuation is one of those behaviours that contribute to the level of fertility through what Jain and colleagues have termed the "leaking bucket" that reduces the impact of FP programmes. The contribution of contraceptive discontinuation to unintended births in Egypt is high. It was estimated in 2014 to be 66.4 per cent while nonuse of contraception accounted for the remaining one-third of unintended recent births. This is the first study that compares contraceptive discontinuation rates in Egypt over the past decade. It provides an overview of the reasons for discontinuation by methods and background characteristics of women, and estimates the impact of eliminating discontinuation for reasons related to method and service provision on fertility.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an ethical framework that can guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. Management scholars are confronted with prioritization problems when they have to select or choose between two or more research projects because of limited resources and time. When we prioritize, we decide that one project is more worthy of the available resources than another project. This paper aims to address this issue. Based on the Islamic jurisprudence of priorities, the authors developed a set of heuristics for the prioritization of research agendas based on the principles of Shari'ah. The authors then applied these heuristic principles to the current state of research prioritization in management research. The ethical framework presented in this paper can be used to guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. The ethical framework is based on the principles of Islamic jurisprudence of priorities, which is an ethical approach to prioritization. This paper contributes to the literature by providing an Islamic ethical framework that can guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. The authors aim to provide an overarching ethical framework for the process of individual research prioritization.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters that is impossible to be estimated by maximum likelihood estimate (MLE) or other statistical methods. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression to estimate the linear regression parameters. In the same line, generalized linear models (GLMs) can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models). The paper aims to discuss these issues. Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression. In the same line, generalized linear models (GLMs) can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models). MCMC simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression. In the same line, GLM can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models). MCMC simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters that is impossible to be estimated by maximum likelihood estimate or other statistical methods. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression to estimate the linear regression parameters. In the same line, GLMs can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of three adaptive media strategies on the potential impact of the crowd pattern and dynamics. This research adopts a new agent-based experimental model, called Revolutionary Crowd Model (RCM), which avoids a number of the concerns about crowd simulation. The model is used to assess the impact of different adaptive media strategies on initiating and maintaining crowds. The experiments investigate the pattern and dynamics of the crowd under controlled broadcast strategies that adaptively change the media intensity according to the crowd status and the budget allocated. The results show that the three adaptive media strategies have a significant impact on the crowd behaviour. In addition, it is found that the intensity of the media strategy has a positive and significant effect on crowd behaviour in the intensification and decline modes. This research adopts a new agent-based experimental model, called the RCM, which avoids a number of the concerns about crowd simulation. The model represents a new perspective with an elaborate set of groups, parameters and stimuli. For example, it includes seven groups, seven groups of protesters and the media. The experiments investigate the pattern and dynamics of the crowd under controlled broadcast strategies that adaptively change the media intensity according to the crowd status and the budget allocated.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between financial development and economic growth in Egypt by analysing trends between 1980 and 2016. This paper uses the new data set on financial sector development indexes introduced by Svirydzenka (2016) to investigate the association between financial development and economic growth in Egypt between 1980 and 2016. The empirical results are based on bivariate regressions for real growth per capita with the measure for financial development that is broadly used in the literature (M2/GDP). Modelling of bivariate regressions for real growth per capita with the measure for financial development that is broadly used in the literature (M2/GDP) provides strong support for the association between real income growth and financial development. However, the regressions do not yield statistically significant results regarding the presence of time-series dynamics between real growth and indexes relating to financial institutions and banking or error correction. The Financial Markets Index used in this paper shows a strong association with real economic growth. This is the first study to examine the relationship between financial development and economic growth in Egypt using the new data set on financial sector development indexes introduced by Svirydzenka (2016). The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers to improve the performance of the Egyptian financial sector.
The purpose of this paper is to review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and to draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. Social statistics is the field of statistical science that deals with the study of social phenomena and in particular human behavior in a social environment. In every applied research effort statistical techniques are compulsory to reach a non-questionable conclusion. In this paper, the authors review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and they draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. The purpose is not to give technical details and also not to refer to all the existing techniques or to all possible areas of statistics. The authors focus mainly on the applied aspect of the techniques and they give insights about techniques that can be used to answer problems in the abovementioned areas of research. It seems that researchers rely more on classical statistical methods although they could benefit from the use of newer and advanced techniques. The authors strongly believe that advanced statistical methods can be employed heavily in this area. In this paper, the authors review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and the authors draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. The authors strongly believe that advanced statistical methods can be employed heavily in this area.
The purpose of this paper is to qualitatively investigate whether urban consumers differ in their levels of sustainable consumption than rural consumers, identify the potentially different factors associated with Egyptian urban and rural consumers' energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours in terms of conservation and purchase behaviours to see if there any other factors that were not identified by the previous literature (especially because most previous studies are conducted in developed countries), and empirically blueprinting conceptual frameworks highlighting the factors influencing their sustainable consumption. A qualitative approach was used to investigate the underlying factors behind energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours of urban and rural consumers in Egypt. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with 20 urban and 20 rural consumers. The data were analysed using thematic analysis. This study has found that both urban and rural consumers exhibit similar levels of sustainable consumption behaviours in terms of conservation and purchase behaviours. However, urban consumers are found to be more concerned about energy conservation than rural consumers, whereas rural consumers are more concerned with water conservation. The study also found that the factors influencing energy and water sustainable consumption behaviour of urban consumers differ significantly from those of rural consumers. This study is one of the first to empirically investigate the underlying factors behind energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours of urban and rural consumers in the emerging market of Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the patterns of reported neonatal morbidity and care-seeking behavior and to identify factors associated with it in Karnataka, India. A cross-sectional survey was conducted in the state of Karnataka (India) in the year 2015-2016. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from the mothers of the first birth of the child, first order of birth and mother of two or less children. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and logistic regression. The results of the study indicate that neonatal morbidity was more prevalent among young, educated, higher caste mothers. It may be due to the level of awareness of danger signs. On the other hand, the older women less educated and belonging to socially marginalized class were poorly reported the morbidity. Whereas, by obstetric variables, it is the mothers of the first child, first order birth and mother of two or less number of children who have reported more neonatal mortality compared to their counterparts. Further, interestingly, the study found that the majority of mothers were seeking care from private practitioners for their sick neonates, though the strong network of health facilities is available at various levels, and consequently spending more money out of pocket. The present study is the first of its kind in Karnataka, India, to determine the patterns of reported neonatal morbidity and care-seeking behavior and to identify factors associated with it. The results of the study suggest that efforts should be made to raise awareness regarding neonatal mortality, its prevention and the importance of care seeking from trained care providers.
The purpose of this paper is to show how dynamic network analysis (DNA) can be used to identify key actors in an international crisis using the Syrian crisis as an example. Based on the meta-network concept, dynamic network analysis (DNA) has been used to represent the Syrian crisis as a time series of metanetworks, and it has been applied to identify the key actors in the Syrian Crisis. The study shows how the meta-network representation can be used to gain insight into the Syrian Crisis complexity. It also shows how unstructured data extracted from Security Council Reports can be extracted, analyzed and transformed into a network form that changes over time to create a dynamic network of different interacting players. The proposed approach in this study can then be extended to accommodate the full scope dimensions of an international crisis, using other resources, in addition to Security Council reports, such as media coverage and social media discussions. The proposed approach in this study can then be extended to accommodate the full scope dimensions of an international crisis, using other resources, in addition to Security Council reports, such as media coverage and social media discussions. DNA together with text-mining helps researchers and analysts with new tools, insights and capabilities that are needed to understand the complexity of social and political phenomena.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for the analysis of sustainable market competitiveness factors of the nation brand. This article provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector. This paper provides a framework for the analysis of sustainable market competitiveness factors of the nation brand. This framework is based on a review of the literature on sustainable tourism factors such as culture, heritage, environmental, as well as an integration of internal and external stakeholder groups from the public and private sectors. This article provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector. This model provides a starting point for future research that evaluates the identified variables and provides a long-term assessment of the competitiveness of tourism destinations. As part of a future agenda, it is proposed that competitiveness research will identify a new focus on sustained growth. This paper provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector. This model provides a starting point for future research that evaluates the identified variables and provides a long-term assessment of the competitiveness of tourism destinations. As part of a future agenda, it is proposed that competitiveness research will identify a new focus on sustained growth.
- The purpose of this paper is to present a critical, epistemological map of contemporary Islamic philosophy response to the challenges of the age and thinking outside history. It will also be a diagnosis and critical evaluation of the current state of affairs. - The paper is based on a critical analysis of the epistemological and critical concerns of contemporary Islamic philosophy. The analysis is carried out by means of an extensive review of the literature on the subject. - The paper finds that there are three main intellectual trends in contemporary Islamic philosophy: the reformist, secular and liberal. It also finds that the intellectual projects of the reformists and the seculars are based on a complete, or almost complete, philosophical vision; while the liberal thinkers have been able to construct an "intellectual project", conforming to reform in real life. - The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to present a map of the epistemological and critical concerns in contemporary Islamic philosophy. It is also the first attempt to make use of critical analysis, with an awareness of the history of ideas.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the innovation climate (IC), co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) - in terms of cost effectiveness, volume effectiveness, responsiveness, product modularity, and collaborative assembly - and value to customer (VC) in a creative jewellery market, which recently generated higher customer involvement in the assembly/reassembly and remix processes of its product modules/charms. The research model was tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) using partial least squares (PLS) approach. The data were collected from a sample of 201 subject-matter-experts (SMEs) working in the international modular jewellery market in Egypt. The results of the empirical investigation showed that co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) has a positive and significant effect on cost efficiency, volume effectiveness, responsiveness and product modularity. In addition, the results showed that collaborative assembly has a significant and positive effect on value to customer (VC) in terms of cost efficiency and volume effectiveness. The results also showed that the IC plays a mediating role in the relationship between CMMC and value to the customer. This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the IC, co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) - in terms of cost effectiveness, volume effectiveness, responsiveness, product modularity, and collaborative assembly - and value to customer (VC) in a creative jewellery market, which recently generated higher customer involvement in the assembly/reassembly and remix processes of its product modules/charms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the limitations of the classical deterrence theory in dealing with violent non-state actors (VNSAs). The paper investigates the drawbacks of Deterrence Theory in terms of explaining new forms of behavior. The paper is based on a review of the literature on deterrence in the bipolar and unipolar international systems. Then, it briefly describes the emergence of deterrence as a prominent theory against VNSAs. Next, it outlines a number of predicaments that undermine this pattern of deterrence. Later, it concludes that the key conditions of the theory do not apply to V NSAs. Finally, it rephrases the assumptions of the Theory towards a broader definition and theorizes certain approaches for deterring VNS as. Deterring VNSAs requires a broad understanding of deterrence. The main focus of the theory remains unchanged, which is preventing undesirable actions. However, deterrence should include methods that transcend the traditional deterrence theory. The possibility of deterring violent ideologies, recruited militants and their supporters cannot be addressed easily by the classical theory, which focused on the sovereign nation-states. Many VNS as do not have the traditional assets based on the territory, which can be targeted through the threat of punishment associated with traditional state-based theory. This dilemma is well known as "the return address problem". Deterring VNSAs requires a broad understanding of deterrence. The main focus of the theory remains unchanged, which is preventing undesirable actions. However, deterrence should include methods that transcend the traditional deterrence theory. The possibility of deterring violent ideologies, recruited militants and their supporters cannot be addressed easily by the classical theory, which focused on the sovereign nation-states. Many VNS as do not have the traditional assets based on the territory, which can be targeted through the threat of punishment associated with traditional state-based theory.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the educational policy in Egypt from a societal assessment perspective. The paper aims to identify the vulnerability factors that negatively impact the development of education in Egypt and to propose a proposal for enhancing the educational system. The present work forms a part of a big project aiming to introduce a proposal for education enhancement in Egypt, using modeling approach. First, for "assessment of the Egyptian's educational policy," there are three subsections assessing the educational policy during different periods. The outlines of the educational strategy of 2014-2030 and statistics of 2017 will be presented and analyzed. Then, vulnerability factors that negatively impact the development of education in Egypt are assessed. Finally, a novel future-oriented proposal for the context, ethos and reforming aspects of educational policy is presented. The findings of the study indicate that the educational policy in Egypt is still based on the traditional school system, which has not been able to meet the needs of the society. It is necessary to improve the educational system in order to provide a better education for the future generations. The present work forms a part of a big project aiming to introduce a proposal for education enhancement in Egypt, using modeling approach. It is desired that senior leaders and executive bodies pay attention to the development of education on the lines of say and action as one of the most important achievements.
The purpose of this paper is to provide additional theoretical and practical insights to the operational inefficiencies associated with the pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) used in two European countries, namely, the UK and Greece. It evaluates the challenges that pharmacies face when distributing medicines within this supply focussing specifically on impediments to effective delivery to customers and patients. An exploratory, qualitative approach was adopted and the following research question (RQ) was developed to focus the study methodology: "What are the challenges associated with the medicines delivery process within the downstream domain of the PSC in the UK and Greece?" The findings indicate that the most common operational inefficiency identified within the downstream domain of the PSC is related to the lack of effective inventory control, which is a critical step for developing and improving the distribution of the finished products to customers (patients). In addition, it was found that there is a high level of wastage associated with the medicines delivery process in the UK and Greece, which has a significant impact on the quality of medicines delivered to patients. This research contributes to the existing literature by providing additional theoretical and practical insights to the operational inefficiencies associated with the PSC used in two European countries, namely, the UK and Greece. It provides insights into the factors that impact upon the system's underperformance, which is a critical step for developing and improving the distribution of finished products to customers and patients.
The development and adoption of renewable energy is one of the answers to the most unrelenting social and environmental challenges, especially those linked to climate change. International business (IB) scholars are invited to conduct more research to increase the understanding of some of the biggest questions of our lifetime (Dorrenbacher and Michailova, 2019). And this should be quite natural, given the international linkages that surround the renewable energy industries. Nevertheless, more research is needed to support actions that can solve important societal and environmental questions that are associated with climate change (Chaisse, 2016; Elliot, 2000; Gonzalez-Perez and Leonard, 2013; Guess, 2010; Pinkse and Kolk, 2008). The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a review of the literature on renewable energy in international business (IB) and the authors' own experience as researchers and practitioners. The results show that IB scholars have a critical role to play in the development and adoption of renewable energy in international business. IB scholars should not be free of such responsibility. IB researchers are invited to conduct more research to increase the understanding of some of the biggest questions of our lifetime. This paper contributes to the understanding of the role of IB in the development and adoption of renewable energy in international business. It also highlights the potential of academic fields, such as IB and marketing, to play a crucial role in the implementation of the SDGs.
The purpose of this paper is to identify, evaluate and apply optimal supply chain efforts to address shortages in the Air Force Contingency Pharmaceutical Programme. The Air Force Medical Service (AFMS) currently manages a $1.3bn contingency medical programme comprised of over 5,100 assemblages across the globe at 87 unique locations. A critical element of contingency medical assemblage are pharmaceutical items, which account for over $113m of the programme. This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics to identify optimal supply chain efforts to address current shortages. The research finds that the Air Force Medical Readiness Agency (AFMRA), Medical Logistics Readiness Support Branch, has observed shortages in material availability for many of these pharmaceutical items. Analysis of current contingency pharmaceutical shortages shows a significant trend of insufficient, individual site demand signals for various pharmaceutical items, resulting in non-fulfilment by private sector suppliers. This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics. It is found that there is a significant opportunity to improve supply chain efficiencies through strategic supply chain integration efforts to address current shortages. This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics to identify optimal supply chain efforts to address shortages in the Air Force Contingency Pharmaceutical Programme.
The purpose of this study is to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver. This research uses a cost-benefit analysis to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver. The results of this research indicate that C-17 reduced-engine taxi procedures can yield significant fuel and cost savings for the US Air Force's Air Mobility Command (AMC). This research also found that aircraft gross weight (GW) can significantly impact the average thrust required to produce capable taxi thrust during lengthy periods of taxis. This research is the first to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a simulation framework with an integrated integer programming optimization model for the sustainment of an infantry brigade combat team (IBCT) in the US Army. The authors develop a simulation framework with an integrated integer programming optimization model for the sustainment of an infantry BCT (IBCT). The authors introduce a realistic IBCT combat scenario and present computational results. The authors' method proved effective both in terms of the quality of results produced and in termsof computational tractability. The risk curves the framework produces are designed to be easily interpreted by decision-makers who are faced with challenging resource decisions. One can easily prioritize certain supply classes over others and understand the associated fleet requirements. Commanders can also quickly generate what-if scenarios to test how changes in vehicle availability or consumption would affect supply shortages, for example if new vehicle technology is introduced and worst-case downtime increases from 40% to 50%. The framework can be directly applied to analyze risk and pinpoint opportunities for mitigation. It can be used to inform strategic decisions for fleet design in advance of a conflict. It also provides a method for measuring risk and informing decisions that effectively mitigate it.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel subtour elimination methodology, dubbed the greedy tracker (GT), for the edge-greedy heuristic and compare it to two known subtour Elimination Methodologies for the traveling salesman problem. This paper introduces a novel subtour elimination methodology, dubbed the greedy tracker (GT), for the edge-greedy heuristic and compares it to two known subtour eliminating methodologies, namely, the EL and Bentley's multiple-fragment (MF) heuristic. The comparison uses both directional and non-directional variants of each code on 14 symmetric TSP instances and the directional variants on 9 asymmetric instances. Computational results were generated across multiple instances for each method. The results of the comparison between each of these edge-greedy subtour elimination methodologies showed that the GT was the fastest tracking methodology for small- to medium-sized instances. However, these results also indicated that given a more efficient coding matrix, the GT could become the preferred methodology for all instance sizes. This paper introduces a novel subtour elimination methodology for the edge-greedy heuristic that is compared to two known methodologies. This paper also introduces the concept of ordered lists which remaps the TSP problem into a new space with promising initial computational results. Finally, extensions to all three methodologies are introduced to allow them to handle asymmetric instances, thus highlighting the importance of these methodologies within this class of fragment heuristics.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how defence supply chain (SC) design (SCD) strategies (SCSs) can be differentiated from commercial SCSs to meet military customers' requirements in defence. This paper is based on a literature review and a case study of defence SCs in the UK. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with senior managers from the UK Defence Department, defence procurement agencies and defence logistics organisations. The results show that defence SCs must be customised to meet military customers' requirements in two modes: peace and war. Differentiation strategies are proposed for defence SC design (SCD) based on the military customer's requirements. The findings suggest that defence companies should focus on the defence customer's operational requirements in the design of SCs. This paper contributes to the literature on defence SCs by proposing a new approach to SCD in defence, which is based on the military perspective on commercial SCD constructs, such as external contingencies and competitive priorities.
The purpose of this paper is to provide insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain. The genesis of this manuscript comes from the 2018 Academic Research Symposium at the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals Conference, held on September 30, 2018, in Nashville, TN. During the conference, a panel session was held, titled "Research Streams in Defense Logistics." The panelists (Amanda Bresler, Ben Hazen, Keith Snider and Taylor Wilkerson) come from a diverse background of military logistics research experience and expertise, as highlighted from the answers to the first question and summarized in their bios. This paper provides insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain. This paper provides insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain. The authors hope this paper provides some direction in how to successfully advance our discipline.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the US Air Force's (USAF's) organic supply chain from the future retirement of legacy weapon systems (WSs) and product support outsourcing decisions, which could threaten its future viability and resilience. This paper is based on a case study of the 448th Supply Chain Management Wing (448 SCMW) at Tinker Air Force Base, OK. The 448 SCMW manages a 115,000-item portfolio of depot-level repairable (DLR) spare parts with an inventory valued at $51.9bn. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and document analysis. The paper provides a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the USAF's organic supply chain's resiliency. The risk to reconstitution risk to the supply chain is defined as the risk to its ability to maintain and reconstitute its inventory of DLR spare parts in the long term. This paper contributes to the literature on supply chain risk management by providing a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the USAF's organic supply chain. This framework is unique in its ability to assess the risk to reconstitution from the perspective of the supply chain's supply chain manager.
Noncombatant evacuation operations (NEOs) are operations in which US citizens, Department of Defense (DoD) civilians and pre-designated host nation (HN) or third-country nationals (TCN) are transported from within a foreign nation to a separate safe haven. These operations generally occur as a result of military conflict, political unrest or natural disaster, but they can be directed for any number of other reasons by the Department of State (DOS). The manner in which NEOs are conducted can have far-reaching positive or negative effects across diplomatic, humanitarian, military and economic realms, and they require deliberate and thoughtful planning to execute well. The purpose of this paper is to present the results of a two-year study of the evacuation planning process in South Korea. The authors conducted a comprehensive review of the literature on NEOs in South Korea and developed a comprehensive evacuation plan for the evacuation of US citizens, Department of Defense (DoD) civilians and pre-designated host nation (HN) or third-country nationals (TCN) to a separate safe haven. The authors also conducted a series of interviews with DoD personnel involved in the planning of NEOs to gain a deeper understanding of the complexity of the evacuation process and the challenges faced by the DoD in conducting such operations. The results of the study indicate that the model can be used as a guide for the planning of NEOs in South Korea, and that it can also be used to guide the planning and execution of NEO operations in other countries. This is the first study of its kind that has been conducted for a NEO in South Korea, and it provides the DoD and GCCs with a framework for the planning of NEOs in the South Korean context.
The purpose of this paper is to gain insights into the weapon system readiness impacts of order fulfillment errors in the United States Air Force (USAF). The paper uses a linear regression analysis to examine the impact of SDRs on aircraft readiness metrics. Results of linear regressions found that of the three metrics tested, SDRs had the greatest impact on aircraft cannibalizations. They have a significant positive relationship with the number of cannibalizations across all three commands studied and Air Force wide. Given this finding, further analysis of other high-SDR commands such as Air Force Materiel Command (MFC) and Marine Corps Reserve Command (MC) was conducted to determine the magnitude of the impact these discrepancies can have on aircraft readiness. This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of SDRs on aircraft readiness metrics in the military. The results of this study provide insight into the impact that order fulfillment errors can have on aircraft availability, not mission capable supply and cannibalizations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using the Gale-Shapley (GS) stable marriage algorithm (SMA) approach for the army personnel-to-assignment matching problem (APAMP). This study compares classic linear programming solutions to the Gale-Shapley (GS) stable marriage algorithm (SMA) solutions as applied to instances of the APAMP. In particular, the research investigates the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using an SMA approach for APAMP instances. This type of comparison is lacking in current research but is actually a critical component to consider when using SMA for assignment processing. The results indicate that the SMA approach yields high-quality solutions that minimize the number of changes to assignments resulting from instance perturbations, as compared to the initial solution. The LP approach yields solutions that are significantly less robust than SMA solutions, as measured by the robustness measure. This study is the first to investigate the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using an SMA approach for the APAMP. This type of comparison is lacking in current research but is actually a critical component to consider when using SMA for assignment processing. This study supports ongoing efforts within both the air force and the army to improve the assignment process.
The purpose of this paper is to solve the military nodal capacity problem (MNCP) by ensuring the on-time delivery of military cargo, subject to transportation and nodal throughput requirements. The MNCP is to determine the minimum daily nodal capacities required in terms of trucks per day and railcars per day, via expansion above the current capacities, given the following considerations: required flow of cargo, as prescribed by a time-phased force deployment and data (TPFDD), which provides detailed information on the amounts of cargo to transport from debarkation ports to final destinations for each day; transportation information, including transport asset payloads, transport times over the physical distribution network, and the proportion of cargo requirements to move via each transport mode; and nodals, including the current daily noddingal throughput capacities. The methods used include mathematical programming, specifically a mixed integer program (MIP) to optimize daily nodal capacities to meet distribution requirements, as well as a heuristic algorithm to provide near-optimal solutions for large instances of the MNCP, which would be computationally inefficient to solve using the MIP. The MIP and heuristic solutions are compared for a relatively large problem indicative of problems encountered by analysts at the USTRANSCOM. The results of the MIP and heuristic solutions are compared for a relatively large problem indicative of problems encountered by analysts at the USTRANSCOM. In addition, the heuristic and MIP solutions for 27 randomly generated problems are compared to assess the suitability and suitability of the analysis. Regression analysis is then used to identify significant predictors of capacity expansion errors observed in the heuristics. Finally, suggestions for future work on the MNCP are provided. The MNCP has been studied extensively in supply chain network design (SCND) problems. However, there have been few applications of SCND by analysts at the USTRANSCOM to answer this important military logistics problem. This paper is one of the first to propose a heuristic approach to solve the MNCPs.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the time it would take to provide medical treatment for a large urban population in the wake of an airborne anthrax release, and the effect that various parameters have on the total time needed for logistics to respond to this attack. This paper presents a mathematical model to assess the efficacy of various logistical options based on the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number-of-stations set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area. The model shows that the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number to be set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area is optimal as a function of both the size of the population exposed to the anthrax plume and the number needing preventive measures, even if they were not exposed. This paper presents a mathematical model to assess the efficacy of various logistical options based on the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number-of-stations set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of surface roughness on ultrasonic nondestructive testing (UT) of electron beam melting (EBM) Ti-6Al-4V. This research will attempt to determine the extent to which surface finish causes a measurable difference in flaw detection of titanium alloy samples at frequencies of 2, 5 and 10 MHz. Surface roughness was measured at 2, 5, 5 and 10 MHz. The surface roughness of the samples was measured using the surface orientation of the surfaces. The ultrasonic UT was performed at 2.25, 5.25 and 10.25 MHz to determine the extent to which surface finish causes a measurable difference in flaw detection. Experimental data from this investigation indicate an overall improvement in detectability of flaws using UT on EBM Ti-6Al-4V with surface roughness reduction. At frequencies of 2.25 and 5.25 MHz, the orientation of inspection surfaces, side to side vs top, appears to have no impact on the ability to detect internal defects. However, at frequencies of 5.5 and 10.5 MHz, there is a significant difference in flaw detection of titanium alloy samples at 2, 5, 5 and 10 MHz. This difference is due to the fact that the surface finish of titanium alloys is much less than desirable at these frequencies. This research is the first to investigate the effect of surface roughness on ultrasonic nondestructive testing (UT) of EBM Ti-6Al-4V using NDI.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the question of whether this congressional mandate will be met in the tumultuous world of the twenty-first century. Are national defense needs being satisfied by this continued reliance on the commercial sector? How will the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) remain relevant into the future? This is a conceptual paper based on the author's experience as a member of the US Air Force's Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) for the past 20 years. This paper finds that the US Air Force's 220 C-17s and 52 C-5Ms will comprise the entire organic strategic airlift force at least until 2040, and probably beyond. The CRAF will continue to play an important role in the US military's strategic mobility capability for the next 50 years. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the current state of the US Civil Reserve Air Fleet and its future viability in the twenty-first century.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of contemporary 155 mm artillery projectiles as alternatives to solving the problem of limited range capabilities in the field. A Monte Carlo simulation was developed to predict the expected number of projectiles required for target destruction. This output was used to determine the probability of kill and an effective range of a given munition. Using these measures as inputs, a value-based analysis was conducted to compare the worthiness of the M982 Excalibur 1a-2, M795, M549A1, M981 1a -1 and M 982 1a a-2 as candidate solutions. Based on the results of the value-based framework, the Excalibur series munitions provide the most value. Given these findings, commanders should be encouraged to use the M982 1a-2 for point and small area targets, but consider the use of the M795 or M549A1 for large area targets. This research is the first to compare the effectiveness of contemporary 155 mm artillery projectiles using a value-based framework. Insights from this research may facilitate commanders in their operational decision-making and inform potential doctrinal changes within the field artillery branch.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the application of early supplier integration (ESI) practices within the unique US defense acquisition environment, where federal acquisition requirements may impede (either perceptually or actually) the effectiveness of prime contractors and suppliers; thereby negatively impacting project performance. Based on the extant literature, a conceptual model was developed to characterize early supplier integration (ESI) activities and map those activities to project performance. Case study methodology was used to explore this model, based on the relatively nascent state of research in this area. The authors describe the case study sample, spanning 12 development projects performed by a major defense firm, and assess which ESI activities produced the most significant impact on project performance within the sample. These insights were further validated through interviews with both government acquisition officers, as well as suppliers involved in these projects. The research suggests that the most important ESI practices that contributed to positive project performance within the sample consisted of systems design involvement, design involvement and product design involvement. In addition, the research identified that many of the ESI approaches used in the private sector exist in the context of product development sourcing within the defense industry, despite the perceived existence of limitations that exist within the highly regulated federal acquisition environment. This study is one of the first to explore the application of ESI practices within the unique US defense acquisition environment. The insights developed provide some important outcomes and suggest other areas for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine one of the largest components of aircraft readiness, the not mission capable maintenance (NMCM) segment of downtime. The analysis is designed to identify trigger events and through regression analysis determine the drivers of NMCM. Additionally, key assumptions underlying interpretations of the aircraft availability (AA) metric are examined. The intuition behind linkages in total active inventory (TAI) and AA is explored. Finally, aircraft utilization is examined to understand the operational impact of increasing available hours. The analysis is designed to identify trigger events and through regression analysis determine the drivers of NMCM. Additionally, key assumptions underlying interpretations of the aircraft availability (AA) metric are examined. From this, the intuition behind linkages in total active inventory (TAI) and AA is explored. Finally, aircraft utilization is examined to understand the operational impact of increasing available hours. The paper finds that the intuition behind decreasing total active inventory (TAI) and assumed proportional decreases in non-available hours is not borne out. The data shows non- available hours remaining nearly constant. NMCM is also the largest component of downtime. Drivers for NMCMU include age, platform type and fleet size, among others. This paper is the first to examine the NMCM segment of downtime in the context of aircraft availability. It is also one of the few studies to explore the relationship between maintenance manpower and downtime.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between learning culture, human capital and operational performance in supply chain management and how workforce level influences the perceived relationship. Two datasets were collected one year apart from 449 Logistics Readiness Officers (LROs) and 448 Aircraft Maintenance Officers (Mx Officers) to examine their perspectives across three workforce levels as recommended by Autry and Daugherty (2003) and Williams et al. (2011). The jobs performed by LROs vary greatly and typify a wide array of functions performed by civilian logistics managers. Mx Officers perform distinct functions that also have civilian counterparts (aircraft production, aircraft maintenance, material ordering, scheduling, etc.). The results indicate that learning culture is positively related to operational performance and that human capital mediates the relationship between learning culture and operational performance. The results also indicate that workforce level has a significant moderating effect on the learning culture-operational performance relationship. Specifically, LROs and Mx Officers perceive a stronger positive relationship with learning culture than do Mx officers. However, the relationship is not significant at the individual level. This study makes important theoretical and empirical contributions to behavioral supply chain management literature. With the predicted shortfall of talent within the supply chain workforce, there is growing interest in human resource management and the development of the knowledge, skills and abilities needed to effectively manage today's global supply chain. This research contributes to the literature by leveraging competence-view of the firm and human capital theory to increase our understanding of how learning culture effects operational performance and the mediating role of human capital and the moderating roles of workforce level.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and test a heuristic to identify the vulnerability of military theater distribution routes. The United States Transportation Command is responsible for identifying vulnerabilities to distribution operations and recommending mitigations. A complex aspect of distribution operations is theater distribution, which is the movement of military cargo over supply routes consisting of roads and railways in an environment likely to be contested by an enemy. Analysts at the command informally refer to this transportation problem as the military route vulnerability problem (MRVP), which considers three components: topology of roads or railways representing the possible distribution routes; a time-phased force deployment and data describing the military cargo flow requirements from ports of debarkation (PODs) to destinations, otherwise known as tactical assembly areas (TAAs); and intelligence estimates of enemy threats. A heuristic is developed to solve large instances of the MRVP, which considers three components: topology of roads and railways representing the possible theater distribution routes; a time-phased force deployment and data describing the military cargo flow requirements from ports of debarkation (PODs) to destinations, otherwise known as tactical assembly areas (TAAs); and intelligence estimates of enemy threats capable of interdicting the network. The methods used in this paper are rooted in eighteenth-century graph theory concepts. The BIP solution is compared to the heuristic solution for two relatively small problem instances to offer evidence that the proposed heuristic provides meaningful insights. The heuristic algorithm is tested on a large-scale MRVP, which is indicative of the problems encountered by analysts at the United States Transportation Command. This paper is the first to develop a heuristic approach to solve large instances of the MRVP. The heuristic can be used to identify critical nodes and edges in large-scale transportation networks, which are often difficult to solve using exact solution methods.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors influencing the service provider's willingness to bear performance-based contracting (PBC) induced risks and how these risks are managed in service supply chains. The study is based on a single case study. Data are collected through semi-structured interviews and review of organizational documents. The case study is about the relationship between a customer and a service provider with an aim to develop in-depth understanding and build on existing theory regarding the risk attitudes and the management of risk in PBC. Three additional factors were found that strongly influence the willingness to bear PBC induced risks: the chosen path toward full PBC, the ability to make accurate forecasts and the length of the contract. The service provider's performance attributability was indeed found to be a strong factor influencing the service providers' willingness to take PBC-induced risks. In this study, the service provider did not have total control over the performance outcome. This study showed two methods on how this can be managed by the customer and service provider, namely, Service Level Agreements and exclusions. This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the factors influencing the service provider's willingness to bear PBC induced risks and how these risks are managed in a service supply chain. This study also contributes to PBC literature by identifying the role of relational governance in managing risk in PBC.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the causes of the Arab Spring, a region of the Middle East and North African region that experienced a complex shift in stability in 2011. This sudden shift which saw varied responses and outcomes to the outburst of protests from long-standing regimes in the region was unexpected by the USA and the rest of the Western world. This paper offers postdictive analysis on how to most effectively allocate resources and alter policy outcomes in the latent environment of future high-conflict transition regions. This study uses historical data from the World Bank's World Development Indicators (WDI) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to identify countries that experienced an increase in violent or nonviolent protests in 2011, the first year of the Arab Spring. This data is used to analyze the causes of these protests. This study finds that the Arab Spring region experienced an "Arab Awakening" if they saw an increase in violent or nonviolent protests in 2011, the first year of theArab Spring. Saudi Arabia was included because of the government's harsh reaction to initial protests from the minority Shiite group. These protests diminished quickly, although not because of a lack of fervor from protesters. This signifies Saudi Arabia as an interesting case in the diverse reaction to the Arab Fall. This paper offers postdictive analysis on how to most effectively allocate resources and alter policy outcomes in the latent environment of future high-conflict transition regions. This is the first study to use PMESII data to analyze the Arab Spring.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a statistical model to predict the likelihood that a US Army Reserve (USAR) Troop Program Unit (TPU) will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements. A data-driven approach is used to develop a statistical model to predict a location's ability to meet staffing requirements for a USAR Troop Program Unit (TPU) based on market demographics. The model estimates the probability that a TPU will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements. The results show that the model can be used to predict the likelihood of a USAR Troop Program Unit (TPU) being located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements. The model can also be used as a screening tool to identify locations with the highest probability of meeting the staffing requirements of their TPUs. This is the first study to develop a statistical model to predict the likelihood that a USAR unit will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements using market demographics. The model can be used by the USAR to screen out locations with low probabilities of meeting staffing requirements.
Stored Combat Load (SCL) retrieval times play a significant role in operational planning. During times of peace, this is fairly straightforward as there is sufficient time for military units to plan and draw ammunition as required for training. During combat operations, munitions often accompany troops or are readily accessible on combat outposts and forward operating bases. The transition between peace and combat postures can place an extraordinary demand on logistic systems as supplies are transferred from storage to the warfighter on scales much larger than normally experienced. Given enough time and distance, these demands can be managed with relative ease. However, the enemy does not always provide this luxury. The current system of SCL retrieval can be modeled as a parallel machine-scheduling (PMS) problem and can benefit from heuristics already defined in current literature. An alternate system, where the ammunition company focuses on processing magazines, has the potential of significantly reducing the makespan of the S CL retrieval process if sufficient magazines store SCL for multiple customers. The current system of SCL retrieval can be modeled as a parallel machine-scheduling (PMS) problem and can benefit from heuristics already defined in current literature. An alternate system, where the ammunition company focuses on processing magazines, has the potential of significantly reducing the makespan of the retrieval process if sufficient magazines store SCL for multiple customers. This paper is the first to propose a parallel machine-scheduling approach to the SCL retrieval process. The proposed system is flexible enough to adapt to changes as they occur in real time while providing an initial plan that is robust against variability.
The purpose of this paper is to determine when or if the cost performance index (CPI) is stabilized in environmental remediation projects and identify factors that significantly contribute to the stability of the CPI. This research uses a case study approach to identify factors that significantly contribute to the stability of the cost performance index (CPI) of environmental remediation projects. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with project managers and project participants. Contrary to the 20 percent CPI stability rule often used on projects, the authors found that environmental remediation projects do not typically have stable CPIs by the time they are 20 percent complete. Instead, it was found that the CPI of environmental remedial projects usually stabilizes when projects are about 40 percent complete, although this may vary based on the factors the authors identified as having a significant impact on CPI stability. This research is one of the first to provide insight into how and at what point the CPIs of environmental remediation projects typically stabilize and which factors significantly contribute to CPI stability. This research also provides insight into the management practices being used within projects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine if and how Department of Defense (DoD)-backed innovation programs enhance the integration of new technologies within the armed services. This research uses a mixed-methods approach. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the DoD-backed innovation programs and their impact on the military. Second, a survey was administered to the participants in these programs to determine their experience in the defense sector in the years following program completion. Finally, a series of semi-structured interviews were conducted with participants to determine if and how their capabilities are leveraged by the military at large. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a qualitative content analysis approach. The findings suggest that DoD-backed innovation programs provide both participants and the Department with valuable benefits. Participant companies benefit tremendously from the funding these programs provide, which allows them to grow their business, develop new research and prototyping and commercialize. The programs also introduce participants to the various idiosyncrasies of the contracting space and to the unique challenges facing the armed forces today. However, today's threat environment and adversaries demand that cutting-edge capabilities are integrated throughout the whole of the Department of Defense (DoD). This is the first study to examine the impact of DoD-backed innovation programs on the integration of new technologies in the defense sector. It is also one of the first studies to examine participants' experience in thedefense sector after program completion.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how many force packages are needed to sustain a deployed force package, while maintaining predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. Special operations forces (SOFs) are small highly skilled units designed to respond quickly to emerging crises in any part of the world, but they are not designed to conduct a major combat operation without conventional forces. As evidenced by recent global conflicts, SOF use has increased, perhaps to the detriment of their future use. Employing SOF in a manner that puts production capacity in peril leads to decreasing capability. Logically, identifying and studying examples of decreasing capability can help reduce the risk of improper employment. This study uses a quantitative approach to estimate the number of force packages needed to sustain a deployed force package, while maintaining predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. Data were collected from the US Department of Defense (SecDef) Special Operations Command (SOF) and the Department of the Army (DA) to determine the D2D ratios of members of SOF and the supply-based force sustainment requirements. The results indicate that the number of force packages needed to sustain a deployed SOF package is greater than the number needed to maintain predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. In addition, it was found that the D2D ratios of the deployed force package were significantly higher than those of the control group. This is the first study to examine the impact of D2D ratios on supply-based force sustainment in the context of SOF. The findings suggest that the current use of these metrics may be contributing to the depleting capability of SOFs.
The purpose of this paper is to present empirically based models via historical data that can be used to not only estimate the likelihood of a contract experiencing an engineering change proposal (ECP) but also determine the amount of money the Government withholds for ECPs as a percentage of the total contract cost. This paper presents an empirical-based method for determining the amount of ECP withhold that should be set aside for DoD contracts. The methodology is based on historical data from the Department of Defense (DoD) Selected Acquisition Report (SAR) for the period from 2001 to 2016. The data were analyzed using logistic regression and logistic regressions to determine the likelihood of a DoD contract incurring an ECP. Both the likelihood of an ECP and the additional amount incurred to be incurred appear to be statistically independent of acquisition phase, branch of service, contract type or any other factor except for the basic contract amount and the number of contract line item numbers (CLINs). Both of these variables equally affected the percentage of the contract cost due to an increase due to ECPs. The logistic regression approach proved a poor predictor of determining the probability of a DoD contract incurring a ECP. However, it did provide invaluable insight that lower cost contracts appeared statistically less likely to incur an E CP. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no peer-reviewed source could be found that documents the amount of ECP withhold that should be set aside for DoD contracts. Only anecdotal amounts were present in the literature. The aim of this paper served dual purposes: one, as a published reference point for E CP withholds in the archival forum; and two, derive an empirically-based method for determining percent ECP withheld.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate operating and support (O&S) cost stability properties in US Air Force aircraft platforms and develop a regression model to predict median O&S costs. The authors use the Air Force Total Ownership Cost (AFTOC) database, which collects expenditures on the O&S costs of DoD platforms, to develop a parametric model. The authors also use the results of the stability analysis as an explanatory variable. Finally, the authors develop a regression model to predict median O & S costs. The results indicate that the O&S costs of the U-2 are stable over the life-cycle. The authors also find that the median O& S cost is found to be consistent with the model developed in this research. In addition, the authors develop a regression model (including the results of the stability analysis as an explanatory variable) to predict median O & S costs. This is the first study to empirically investigate O&S cost stability properties in US Air Force aircraft platforms. The results of this research provide a basis for the development of a parametric model that can be used as a secondary technique, or crosscheck, to the analyst's primary methodology.
The purpose of this paper is to transfer the ongoing academic discussion about "customer attractiveness" and "preferential customer treatment" to the buyer-supplier relationships in defense markets. It applies structural equation modeling to data from a focus sample of German defense suppliers. Structural equation modeling is applied to data from a focus sample of managers of German defense suppliers to test the relevance of various constructs of preferential customer treatment. The results show that preferential customer treatment from the defense industry for the military has a positive effect on the attractiveness of the buyer-supplier relationship. However, the effect of customer attractiveness on the preferential treatment is not as strong as expected. In addition, it is shown that there is a positive relationship between the attractiveness to the military and the perceived preferential treatment. This research contributes to the literature in several ways. First, the relevance of various constructs of preferential customer treatment is tested in the specific and focused setting of defense suppliers. Thus, this research focuses the analysis on the specific situation. Second, by showing the high effect of customer attractiveness on the perception of preferential treatment, the research introduces new thinking about defense procurement. The times of "the customer is always right" are gone, while defense management should be aware that the military depends on its suppliers. The military should be also aware that it is also perceived as a customer among other customers and that industrial suppliers give special treatment to only "preferred customers."
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for assessing the effect of system dynamics and structure on the accuracy of the performance appraisal system using discrete event simulation. The paper focuses specifically on the job turnover frequency of US Army officers, the appraisal system structure, and the effect they have on the reliability of the appraisals. The authors use discrete event simulation to analyze the effect of system dynamics and structure on the accuracy of the performance appraisal system using the US Army's Officer Evaluation Reporting System. The system is modeled as a series of discrete event simulations that simulate the job turnover of US Army officers. The results indicate that the accuracy of the performance appraisal system is significantly affected by the system structure, dynamics, and human behavior. Specifically, the authors find that the system accuracy decreases as the number of promotions increases, and increases with the frequency with which an officer moves up the career path. This study is the first to use discrete event simulation to analyze the effects of the current performance appraisal system structure and structure on the accuracy of the appraisal system. The authors provide a framework that can be used by other organizations to assess the effect of system dynamics and structure.
The purpose of this paper is to examine multiple aircraft load planning techniques to determine which, if any, may offer significant opportunities for load planners to maximize the use of aircraft cargo space and ultimately save taxpayer money. A total of eight aircraft load planning techniques were identified and evaluated to determine which, if any, may offer significant opportunities for load planners to maximize the use of aircraft cargo space and ultimately save taxpayer money. Data were collected from 159 US military airlift sorties over a two-year period to determine the utilization rates of each of these techniques. The authors found that the average utilization rate across all 159 sorties was 55.52 per cent of cargo throughput optimized routing ACL. The total number of airlift aircraft for the given set of cargo requirements was reduced by almost 25 per cent. Two of the most influential techniques (aggregation and dual rail swap) required no additional 463L equipment and could be implemented immediately through re-education efforts. This is the first study to examine the use of aircraft load planning techniques to improve cargo utilization rates and ultimately save taxpayer money.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of analytics to inform category management and strategic sourcing in the procurement of product and services. This paper uses a case study approach to demonstrate how analytics can be used to inform category management and strategic sourcing. The case study is based on data collected from the US federal government's Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Office of Federal Procurement Policy. The findings of this study indicate that category management and strategic sourcing can be improved by using analytics to inform the development of a more comprehensive sourcing strategy that is aligned with the organization's strategic objectives. This paper is the first to use analytics to inform the use of category management and strategic sourcing in the procurement of product and services.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Air Force Standard Base Supply System (SBSS) program office's successful information technology (IT) modernization initiative. The Air Force's integrated logistics system-supply (ILS-S) has been the heart and soul of the US Air Force base-level supply system for over 50 years. The system was originally fielded as a program assembler language (PAL)-based application in 1965 and operated on mainframe computers that filled the basements of large office buildings at most Air Force bases. As software technology improved, the Air Air Force transitioned the SBSS system software to common business-oriented language (COBOL) to improve the system's viability and sustainability. The ILS-S application was transformed from a program assembler language (PAL)-based software application running on a proprietary platform to a modernized Java-based software platform running on an open platform. A preliminary step on the path to success was the isolation of the SBSS COBOL software from all direct user interfaces and all external system communications. Once that isolation was accomplished, the COBol code was converted to Java and in place of the legacy legacy COB OL software. The Air Force's successful modernization of the ILS/S application immediately reduced the annual operating cost of the system by $21.3M - a savings that the Air Force was able to use to pay for the modernization effort. The ILS-S application was successfully transformed from a proprietary COBOL-based software application on a proprietary proprietary platform to a modernized Java-based application system running on an open platform. A key step on the path to success was the isolation of the SBSSCOBOL software from all direct user interfaces and all external data system communications. Once that isolation was accomplished, the COB OL code was converted to Java and in place in place of the legacy legacy COBol software. The successful modernization of the Air Force S BSBSS application immediately reduced the annual operating cost of the I LS-S/ES-S component by $21.3M - a savings of $3M per annum. This paper is the first detailed description of the ILS-S program office's efforts to modernize the SBSS application to provide a more affordable and sustainable foundation for the next 50 years of supply support for Air Force operations.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new empirically based model for determining median will-cost estimates in Department of Defense (DoD) acquisition programs. The authors propose a new empirically based model for determining median will-cost estimates in DoD acquisition programs. The model is based on data collected from the Acquisition Category (ACAT) I, II and III acquisition programs over a period of ten years. The authors use the acquisition program termination point ( IOC) as a definition of the IOC. The results show that the proposed model can be used to generate median will-cost estimates for acquisition programs. The median estimate becomes a middle-of-the-road estimate from which to work from in the should-cost approach rather than the floor. This paper is the first to propose a new model for determining median will-cost estimates in DoD acquisition programs.
The purpose of this paper is to modify a current psychological task that measures cognitive flexibility into a military relevant task requiring decision makers to overcome their experiential bias; and understand underlying causes of individual variability in the cognitive flexibility behavior of active duty military officers on this task. A modified version of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) (Grant and Berg, 1948) was adapted for the military context. A total of 128 active duty US Army officers completed the modified WCST. Cluster analysis by non-perseverative error rate was used to analyze the variance in cognitive flexibility performance regarding set switching and set maintenance. The results of this study indicated that the modified WCST was a better fit for military officers than the original WCST. Specifically, set switching and set maintenance were significantly higher in the modified version of the WCST than in the original version. Cluster analysis by non-perseverative error rate revealed that set maintenance was the most important factor in explaining variance in cognitive flexibility. This study was the first of its type to address this gap of knowledge by adapting the WCST, a well-known measure of cognitive flexibility, for a military context. Specifically, the authors specifically focused on the set switching and set maintenance executive functions.
One of the most hotly contested debates in defense procurement has been the choice of contractor selection method and the procurement outcomes resulting from that choice. The low-price, technically acceptable (LPTA) method has been pitted against the full trade-off (TO) method, with the LPTA method taking the brunt of the criticism. Different buying situations call for different source selection methods. The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of source selection method on procurement outcomes. This study uses a mixed-methods approach to examine the effects of LPTA and TO source selection methods on procurement outcomes. Data were collected from a sample of US Department of Defense (DoD) acquisition officials and contractors. The results show that the LPTA source selection method has a positive effect on the time-to-contract, but the TO method does not. The LPTA method, however, does not necessarily result in better contractual outcomes, particularly given the anecdotal belief that TO procurements take longer to award than LPTA procurements. This is the first study to examine the effects of source selection method on procurement outcomes in the context of the Department of Defense (DoD). The findings suggest that the LPTA and TO methods do not necessarily produce better contractual outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a quantitative forecasting methodology for predicting US Army enlistment contract production in complex geographical marketing areas. The authors analyze data from both recruiting organizations and open sources for the period Fiscal Year (FY) 2010-2014. The authors take advantage of open source data at the county level and map this county-level data to each ZIP code-based recruiting market boundary. To complete this mapping, the authors introduce a way to compress data from over 3,000 counties and 42,000 ZIP Codes into 38 markets. They then apply principal components analysis (PCA) and mixed stepwise regression to the re-mapped data to develop adequate models for each recruiting market and contract type. The application of PCA represents a significant contribution to the level of statistical rigor in the model development methodology over previous efforts. Through the use of multiple linear regression aided by increased geographic data specificity through ZCTA method, mixed stepwise selection methods and principal components analysis (PCA), the authors show that forecasts produced by the multiple linear regressors - which themselves require simple linear forecasts of the predictors - are robust for a relevant forecast horizon of up to five years. The authors also present an empirical study comparing our model to other common models. The authors introduce an improved methodology for model development and assessment. The application of PCA represents a significant contribution to the level of statistical rigor in the model development methodology over previous efforts. Quantitative prediction models are useful when they yield accurate predictions. The authors use hold-out samples for model validation. To obtain a better appraisal of model stability during validation, the authors create additional realism by using simple linear trend forecasts of market supply variables.
This paper takes stock of the empirical evidence in the literature through the lens of household finance. The purpose of this paper is to summarize main findings from the empirical literature and shed light on how FinTech has influenced household finances across different countries to date. The authors conduct a systematic review of the empirical literature on the impact of FinTech on household finance. The authors focus on the effects of digitalization of payments, lending and portfolio investments in different countries. The authors find that FinTech has had a positive impact on household finances in the USA, Germany, India and China. However, the authors also find that the impact of FinTech is not uniform across countries. In addition, the results show that the effect of Fin tech on household finance varies across different countries. For example, in the US, FinTech lenders have led to lax screening, resulting in an increase in lending to riskier borrowers. In India, Fin tech has led to a decrease in the number of loans made to low-income households. The authors also found that in Germany and China, Lending has been found to have a positive effect on portfolio investments. This is one of the first papers to review the empirical literature on the impact of FinTech on household finance. It provides a comprehensive review of the empirical evidence on FinTech and household finance in different countries.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation in China. Specifically, the authors attempt to answer the following questions: does interest rateliberalization in China affect bank liquiditycreation? If so, what is the possible mechanism of this effect? The authors empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation based on an unbalanced panel data for 145 banks in China over the period 1997-2015. The econometric model specification is based on the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach. The results show that, first, interest rate liberalization has a nonlinear impact on bank liquidity creation, and the relationship between them is inverted U-shaped. Second, through the mediation effect tests, the authors find that interest Rate liberalization affects bank liquiditycreation through bank risk-taking. That is, interest Rates liberalization leads to changes in bank risk taking, which in turn leads to Changes in Bank Liquidity Creation. This paper is one of the first to empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation in China. This paper also contributes to the understanding of the mechanism of this effect, especially the mediation effect.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the feedback interaction between stock market return and macroeconomic risk factors at first and second moment level. The study also compares the results for China and USA to uncover the differences in the time varying return and volatility relationship. To this end, the study uses twenty-three years' monthly time series data ranging from 1995:M7 to 2018:M6. The univariate GARCH models are employed to estimate the conditional volatilities of the stock market return and macroeconomic variables. Once the conditionalvolatilities are estimated, the authors further estimate the residual stability test of stock market returns for both China and USA (see Appendix 1). The study also incorporates the impact of Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 and the global crisis of 2007-2008. The results of the study reveal that the time varying return and volatility relationship between stock market return and macroeconomic risk factors is quite stable in both China and USA. However, the two markets differ in terms of size and economic prominence. In addition, the study also finds that the feedback effect of macroeconomic uncertainty on the stock market returns and volatility is stronger in China than in the USA. The current study contributes to the existing literature in various ways. First, the current study tries to address the inconsistency in the findings of previous studies on the nexus between the stock market and macroeconomic risk factors. Second, this study also contributes to existing literature by using high frequency monthly data over the periods of twenty-three years. In addition, the study also uses a broad set of macroeconomic factors to establish the feedback interaction between stock market return and macro economic risk factors at first and second moment level. Yet, another important contribution of this study is to compare the results for China and USA to uncover the differences in the time varying return and volatility relationship.
- Discretionary accruals (DAs) and corporate cash saving policy, to a large extent, are managerial decisions subject to little outside monitoring. This paper aims to examine how the DAs affect firm cash savings and the motivation behind this cash saving behaviors. - The paper employs the univariate sorting portfolio and the panel regressions to assess the accrual-cash saving relationship. In the panel regression, the authors construct the measure of DAs as previous five-year average to investigate the association of DA with the change in cash. The authors then distinguish the two hypotheses by examining their expected underlying cash value in DAs. - The authors find high DAs firms tend to save more cash. The results remain significant with firm characteristics being controlled. The findings are consistent with the earning manipulation hypothesis that suggests firms' savings associated with DAs are largely driven by managers to spend cash to satisfy their self-interest. The authors then propose two conjectures to explain the documented positive association. The earning manipulation argument attributes the higher saving at high DA firms to earning management. That is, self- interest-seeking managers use (more) excess cash to benefit themselves. The signaling hypothesis, on the other hand, advocates that the higher savings in highDAs firms are associated with influential DAs, which has informational benefit that could effectively reduce costly external financing. Given manager-shareholder-aligned interest, firms will save morecash, in conjunction with the employment of DAs for future internal (external) financing. - To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first paper studying the effects of DAs on corporate cash savings.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically evaluate risk spillovers between selected Central, Eastern and South-Eastern Europe (CESEE) stock markets via a spillover index approach. This research uses the Diebold and Yilmaz (2009, 2012) spillover index approach to measure the risk spillovers between selected CESEE (Central, Eastern and South-Eastern Europe) stock markets. The methodology is based on the generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (MGARCH) model, which allows observation of the shocks from innovations and their directions within the system. Moreover, dynamic spillovers are included by observing rolling windows estimation of the spillover indices. The results from the analysis give insights into net emitters and net receivers of risk spillovers, which can be useful for potential investors in deciding which particular CESEE market to invest in. Moreover, the magnitude of the spillovers is estimated, which gives answers to the questions whether changes in the spillover dynamics and magnitudes change over time. The main contribution of this research compared to existing ones lies in depicting the countries which are sources of shock spillovers. The main contribution of this research compared to existing ones lies in depicting the countries which are sources of shock spillovers, by observing which stock market emits the shocks to others, and which receives the most shocks from others. Previous analyses have only confirmed only confirmed or cointegration exists, with static Granger causality testing at best. Here, the analysis provides more detailed insights which can be used in further research in investment strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the shortening of the time distance between economic participants after the opening of high-speed railways on the degree of information asymmetry and the cost of corporate debt financing in China. Based on the background of the rapid development of the construction of transportation infrastructure in China in recent decades, this paper selects the opening of high-speed railways as a representative event and empirically examines its impact on the cost of corporate debt financing. A quasi-natural experiment is used to examine the impact of the shortening of the time distance between Beijing and Tianjin on the degree of information asymmetry. The authors find that the opening of high-speed railways reduces the cost of corporate debt financing, and this negative correlation is more significant in non-state firms, firms with weaker internal control, and firms that hire non-Big Four auditors. The authors also find that analyst attention, institutional investor participation and information disclosure quality mediate the impact of the shortening of the time distance between Beijing and Tianjin. Most previous studies on firms' geographical location and information environment only consider the spatial distance between the firm and external stakeholders. The authors argue that the time distance between economic participants can also have the same effect on the information environment and thus affect the degree of information asymmetry and agency conflict between firms and creditors. This paper investigates the impact of the shortening of time distance after the opening of high-speed railways on corporate debt financing.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of signal attributes on the willingness to pay (WTP) for pasture-raised beef in the Brazilian context and compare northern and southern hemisphere consumers. A survey was conducted in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The results show that there are significant differences between northern and southern hemisphere consumers regarding the importance of signal attributes in the WTP for pasture-raised beef. Northern hemisphere consumers are more concerned about traceability and traceability-related attributes. Southern hemisphere consumers, on the other hand, are more interested in animal welfare attributes. In addition, the results confirm that there is a significant difference in the importance that consumers place on the attributes that are independent from each other. This paper contributes to the literature by investigating the influence of signal attributes on the WTP for pasture-raised beef in the Brazilian context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of intrinsic motivation and job involvement in the relationship of perceived role clarity with innovative work behavior (IWB). The data have been collected from the employees of a large-scale manufacturing company in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study revealed that perceived role clarity is positively related with IWB through intrinsic motivation and job involvement. In addition, the results also revealed that intrinsic motivation fully mediates the relationship of perceived roles clarity with job involvement and IWB. This study is the first of its kind to examine the mediating role of intrinsic motivation and job involvement in the relationship of perceived role clarity and IWB.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors affecting the dynamics of contract renewal in buyer-supplier relationships in business-to-business (B2B) settings in the manufacturing realm. The authors take into account the characteristics of buyers (or customers) and characteristics of the contractual relationship between these buyers and a major supplier (or seller), thus enabling us to identify which aspects contribute to the increase (or decrease) of contract renewals in B2B settings. The authors performed several analyses with a hand-crafted and unique database containing 296 contracts (with an average term of 5 years) signed between 128 buyers and a major supplier of utility services in Brazil between 2013 and 2016. The primary sources from organization's internal micro data enable us to understand some organizational phenomena not easily observed by external actors. The results suggest that higher trade volumes involved in the transaction are associated to an increase in the probability of renewing a contract. Similarly, the existence of a greater variety of products transacted between the parties (economics of scope) increases the odds of contract renewal. In addition, the presence of asset specificity (dedicated assets) contributes to increase the probability to renew a B2B contract in capital-intensive industries. In this context, this occurs when the supplier is the closest supplier, regardless of the geographic distance. By unveiling these patterns, the paper contributes to management theories related to buyer-supplier relationships within a strategic perspective, notably within a context of investments with high asset specificity levels. In addition, practitioners engaged in B2B relationships may benefit from the findings to shape their bargaining strategies.
Grounded theory has been one of the most influential and widely adopted methods in qualitative research for a long time. However, to the best of the authors' knowledge, only scant attention has been given to addressing how scholars can make the best use of what the new online era of research has to offer for constructing a theory grounded upon online data. Thus, the purpose of this paper is to present a comprehensive guide for those interested in engaging with grounded theorizing and exploring the opportunities (and the challenges) presented by thenew online era. This paper presents theoretical and practical discussions on conducting grounded theory on online contexts starting from crafting the research question, followed by the methods of online data gathering. Alternative consolidated methods for analyzing these new kinds of data are also presented. Grounded theorizing starts by crafting good research questions leading to interesting unsolved real-world problems. If research questions demand to navigate the online world to get appropriate answers, researchers can feel confident to span the boundaries of the method into this new reality. Moreover, it shows that gathering online data can be easier than collecting traditional offline ones, but they are also challenging because of the overwhelming volume and types of data available. Thus, it is suggested that grounded theorizing on online contexts starts from crafting the research question, followed by the methods of online data gathering. Alternative consolidated methods for analyzing these new kinds of data are also presented. Finally, the article addresses future and present challenges posed by the new online era for grounded theory, as well as how the lessons learned from traditional offline grounded theory can be helpful to mitigate them. This paper presents a comprehensive guide for those interested in engaging with grounded theorizing and exploring what the new online era of research has to offer for constructing a theory grounded upon online data.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficiency model operation of business incubators and their effects on the most employments and spin-offs in Mexico. In particular, the authors focus on the efficiency analysis of the factors that lead to success both incubator and start-up business. The authors applied the envelope data analysis (DEA) methodology to measure the efficiency of the incubator and the survival of start-ups. In addition, the authors conducted a logistic regression analysis to determine the effect of incubator efficiency on the number of employments and spin-offs. The results show that incubator efficiency is positively related to the survival of start-ups. In addition, the efficiency of incubators is positively associated with the number of employees and with the size of the company. However, incubators are not efficient in the creation of new businesses. This paper contributes to the literature on business incubators applying the DEA methodology, which is scarce and mainly focussed on Asian countries, whose focus on the efficiency analysis of the factors that lead to success both incubators and start-up or spin-off business is scarcely explored.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the compulsory dividend on corporate investment of publicly traded companies around the world. The hypothesis is that companies located in countries that instituted the mandatory dividend have lower levels of investment and greater sensitivity of investment to cash flow than similar companies located on countries without this obligation. To test the impact of the mandatory dividend on business investment in a multi-country environment, the authors created an econometric model based on and adapted from the work of Fazzari et al. (1988) and McLean et al., (2012). The regression, with panel data, sought to show how different variables impact firms' investment, and more importantly, their sensitivity to cash flow and to growth opportunities (Tobin's Q). The results showed that companies in countries that institute the mandatory dividend have lower levels of investment and greater sensitivity of investment to cash flow than similar companies located in countries without this obligation, even controlling for other variables such as institutional environment and economic and financial development. The present research seeks to add new knowledge to the literature on investment and financial restriction. By testing the existence of significant impacts of the mandatory dividend on the investment of publicly traded companies in different countries, the authors hope to help decision makers to decide whether or not to adopt the compulsory dividend.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the adoption of agricultural insurance by farmers in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, with a focus on the use of insurance to manage production risk. Data were collected through a survey conducted in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling approach. The results show that the adoption of rural insurance by producers in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, is positively related to their level of education, farm size, land size, farm age, farm income and farm size. In addition, the authors find that the probability of using insurance is positively associated with the number of years of experience in the farm, the size of the farm and the farm age of the producer. The authors also find that there are significant differences in the determinants of insurance adoption between the two groups. This study contributes to the literature on the determinants of the adoption of insurance as a risk management tool by farmers in Brazil, which is a country with a low level of adoption of rural insurance. The results of this study contribute to the understanding of the factors that influence the use of insurance by Brazilian producers.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze whether companies that contracted loans from the Brazilian National Bank for Economic and Social Development (BNDES) between 2002 and 2014 were able to invest more than companies that did not. The authors used a panel data set of Brazilian publicly traded companies listed on the B3 (the Brazilian stock exchange) between 2002 and 2014. The authors analyzed the financial constraints faced by these companies and analyzed whether companies that contracted loans from the BNDES were able to invest more than companies that did not. The results of analyzing the companies listed on the B3 (the Brazilian stock exchange) show that companies that contracted loans from the BNDES were able to make greater investments. In addition, and more importantly, the results show that BNDes loans amplify the effects of cash flow on investments, generating a kind of credit multiplier. In other words, the B NDES multiplies the investment capacity of each monetary unit of cash flows generated by the company. The study presents important results on the role of the BNDES in reducing financial constraints and increasing the ability of companies to invest. More importantly, however, the study showed that B NDES loans create a type of credit multiplier that significantly increases the investment capacity of each monetary unit of cash flow.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA through corporate characteristics. The study uses the Environmental Disclosure Index (EDI) to measure the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA. The EDI is based on the Environmental Performance Index (EPI) developed by Cho & Roberts (2010), which measures the level of environmental performance of companies in the USA and Brazil. In addition, the study uses a multinomial logit model to identify the variables that explain the environmental disclosure. The results show that there is a difference in the extension of environmental disclosure between companies in Brazil and the USA. The results also show that companies located in the USA have a higher level of disclosure than those located in Brazil, which is consistent with the legitimacy theory, which postulates that companies with lower environmental performances will take over a greater volume of disclosure in the search of legitimacy for stakeholders. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA through corporate characteristics. The research supports the legitimacy theory, which postulates that companies with lower environmental performances will take over a greater volume of environmental disclosures in the search of legitimacy for stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to verify whether there is a relationship between tax aggressiveness and political connections in companies that make financial donations to political campaigns. The authors define the following research question: Can the tax aggressivity of a company be explained by its political connections through campaign donations? This study uses data related to campaign donations obtained from the Supreme Electoral Court for the period from 2010 to 2014, featuring firms listed on the Bovespa Stock Exchange for the presidential election. Two metrics were used to measure tax aggressiveness, in addition to control variables used to control for any biases in the proposed regression model. The results show that there is a positive relationship between political connections through campaign donations and tax aggressiveness. Companies that make campaign donations have a lower tax burden after financing the electoral campaign, leading them to have a relatively low tax burden. This study demonstrates that when corporations have cultivated political relationships, they exhibit more tax aggressiveness depending on the size of the connection. This subject is important given that in recent years the electoral process has been concerned with the possibility of corruption and manipulations involving companies linked to political agents.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the implications of the systems of simultaneous equations developed by Acharya et al. (2007) and Almeida and Campello ( 2007) in a context of simultaneity among firms' financial decisions in a sample of 62 countries. The system of simultaneous equations is estimated with panel data and firm fixed effects, as proposed by Cornwell, Schmidt, and Wyhowski (1992), rather than a series of cross-sectional estimations. The authors also analyze the implications of the models developed by Acharya et al. (2007) and Almeida and Campello (2007). The results show that firms with higher asset pledgeability have greater access to credit, can make more investments and have higher sensitivity of investment to cash flows vis-a-vis firms with lower pledgeability. The authors also show that the sensitivity of debt to cash flow is positive (negative) for firms with high (low) hedging needs. Finally, the authors find that the demand for cash is sensitive to the availability of internal funds and firm borrowing capacity. This study contributes to the literature in several ways. First, the authors update the pioneering studies of Dhrymes and Kurz (1967), McCabe (1979), McDonald et al. (1975) and Peterson and Benesh (1983). Second, the system of simultaneous equations is estimated with panel data and firm fixed effects, rather than a series of cross-sectional estimations. Third, the results help the understanding of the drivers of joint financial decisions and how financial constraints affect firms in different institutional environments. Fourth, by taking the interdependence of financial decisions into account, we grasp a broader understanding of this decision process.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the level of governance and the financial efficiency of credit unions in Brazil. This study uses a new methodology to typify and analyze the cooperatives' performance and organizational structure: their level of cooperative governance. It also explores the use of stochastic frontier models to evaluate how "cooperative governance" affects the efficiency of credit unions. The analyses highlight innovative analyses highlight information obtained from surveys conducted by the Central Bank of Brazil on Brazilian credit unions and on their annual reports taken from the Accounting of the National Financial System Institutions. The results confirm the positive impact of cooperative governance on the cooperatives' financial performance. The results also provide elements for further regional analysis, indicating the positive results for cooperative governance and the positive financial performance in the south of Brazil, which opens up a path for new investigations on the link between social capital and cooperativism. This study presents a new methodology to typify and analyze the cooperatives' performance and organizational structure: their level of cooperative governance. It also explores the use of stochastic frontier models to evaluate how "cooperative governance" affects the efficiency of credit unions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of a positive facial expression of a conventionally attractive model in a static ad on emotional mimicry and product evaluation in print advertising. Two experiments were conducted to test the hypotheses. In Study 1, a 2x2 between-subjects factorial design was used to examine the effects of a positive facial expression of a conventionally attractive model in a static ad on emotional mimicry and product evaluation. In Studies 2 and 3, the authors tested the influence of product-gender congruence on product evaluations. The authors used the Duchenne effect as a theoretical framework to elaborate the hypothesis. The results show that a positive facial expression of a male model in a static ad has a positive effect on emotional contagion and product evaluation, whereas a false smile of a female model has a negative effect on product evaluation. The gender congruency effect of the model-gender congruence effect is also confirmed. This study is one of the first to investigate the effects of facial expression on emotional contagion and product evaluation in static ads. This study also contributes to the literature by investigating the gender effects on the facial expression mechanism and product evaluations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between individual traits and the level of everyday sadism in the business area. The paper aims to answer the question: What individual traits are predictive of the level and implications of everydaySadism in business organizations? Data were collected from a sample of managers from the business area of a large Spanish bank. The sample consisted of 1,000 managers and their immediate supervisors. Data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling. The results show that the presence of strong everyday sadism is associated with unethical behavior in the business area. Managers with strong traits of everydaySadism are more likely to engage in opportunistic behavior and engage in results' management and fraud. This study is the first to investigate the impact of everyday sadism in the business area. It is also one of the first studies to examine the impact on the firm's reputation of the presence of executives with strong traits of everydaySadism.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test the concept of social intra-organizational connection (SIC), which represents the degree of inclusion of a focal actor by those of his/her alters who provide frequent interaction (Granovetter, 1973). This type of relational content potentially has a substantive influence on other elements, such as identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation. The study is based on a survey conducted in Brazil. The data were collected by means of a structured questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that SIC is positively related to identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation. Moreover, SIC has a positive effect on identification and trust, as well as on satisfaction with work and life. This study contributes to the literature by introducing the concept of social intra-organizational connection (SIC) and its effects in three relational domains: identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation. Moreover, this study is one of the first to consider SIC in the context of cultural contexts that favor and promote this type of conduct.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the adoption of age management practices by organizations in the context of ageing in organizations. The population is rapidly aging in Brazil, which reinforces the need to think about older workers in the composition of the workforce of the future. However, the current management logic adopted by companies excludes older workers from the labor market. Data were collected through a survey of 140 HR professionals from 140 Brazilian companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results indicate that HR professionals have a positive perception of the performance and knowledge of older managers. However, there is no evidence of companies adopting age management practices in recruitment and selection, integration, and retention of these managers. This study contributes to the understanding of the adoption of age management practices by organizations in the context of ageing in Brazil. The results show that even though professionals aged 50 and over are considered as having a positive perception of the performance and knowledge of older managers, there is no evidence of companies adopting these practices.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an updated and extended meta-analytic investigation to evaluate a conceptual framework that includes entrepreneurial orientation (EO), mediators, moderators, methodological moderators, and performance results. To address the inconsistencies in previous research, the authors applied a meta-analytical review about the empirical findings on the EO-organizational performance relationship in the field. The authors also assessed potential mediating and moderating effects in this relationship. The meta-analysis was conducted on a sample of 1,845 firms from the USA. It was found that the magnitude of the effect between EO and organizational performance is positive and significant, consistent with a representative percentage of studies that claim that firms strongly oriented by entrepreneurship achieve better performance than firms that do not adopt EO. The study also produced evidences about the mediators in the EO-performance relationship by testing and confirming the partial mediation of learning orientation and innovativeness. Although the indirect paths showed significance, it is notable the small magnitude of these effects. The paper provides an updated and extended meta-analytic investigation on the subject, since previous works did not include quantitative data from moderating or mediating variables. The results benefit both practice and research, establishing empirical generalizations and identifying sources of inconsistencies in the findings of the EO-performance relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role global mindset plays in the internationalization process of franchisors from an emerging country that is also a late mover in this process (Bartlett & Ghoshal, 2000). Despite the considerable size and importance of the franchise sector for the Brazilian economy, only 138 local franchisor's hold international operations-less than 5 per cent of the total number of franchise systems. Could the lack of global mindset be one explanation for the low level of internationalization among Brazilian franchising firms? A survey was conducted with a sample of 104 Brazilian franchisors: 32 franchises with overseas operations and 32 franchises without overseas operations. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results show that corporate global mindset, as a firm capability to deal with strategic complexity and intercultural complexity, is closely related to experience in international markets. The results also show that global orientation, global knowledge and global skills are positively related to international franchising. This study is the first to investigate the influence of corporate global mindset on the internationalization process of Brazilian franchisors from an emerging country.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies based on the construction of a structural model that enables the identification of a structure of relationships between representative variables and efficiency. Based on the construction of a structural model that enables the identification of a structure of relationships between representative variables and efficiency, this study evaluates the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies based on data envelopment analysis (DEA). The results show that the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies is affected by the choice of the estimation model and by the heterogeneity among the entities compared. The results also show that there are significant relationships between the variables that affect the efficiency. This research area is very recent, and little discussed in Brazil and around the world, in the scope of electricity distribution. Most of the studies available focus on efficiency measures, without providing a thorough discussion of the factors leading to efficiency variations. Focusing on efficiency estimation restrains the study to a particular sample or geographical area.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of Islamic work ethics (IWE) in the employees' organizational commitment and job satisfaction of Islamic banks in Indonesia. Data were collected from the employees of Islamic banks in Indonesia. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that the IWE is significantly related to the organization commitment and job satisfaction. It also indicates that the application of IWE can help achieving great commitment and satisfaction among employees towards the organization, particularly among the Islamic banks. This study is one of the first studies to examine the influence of IWE in the employees' organizational commitment and job satisfaction in the context of Islamic banks in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how gender, research experience and geography were related to the authors' importance in the co-authorship network in the management and accounting sciences in Brazil. The authors represented a social network based on the co-authorship relationships identified in the articles published in leading Brazilian journals on management and accounting evaluated by the coordination for the improvement of higher education personnel (CAPES), which is an agency of the Brazilian federal government responsible for evaluating the journals in which Brazilian researchers publish. The authors then estimated the probability of authors occupying prominent positions in the network by the weighted weighted centrality, eigenvector and closeness centralities. The results show that gender, research experience and geography were related to the authors' importance in the co-authorship network in the management and accounting sciences in Brazil. Although the evidence produced by Mello et al. (2013) showed an increase in collaboration intensity in such disciplines, the results of this paper show that there are still inequities in the structure of scientific collaboration in the disciplines. The main novelty of the paper is that it provides an empirical analysis of the collaboration patterns in so poorly studied disciplines and allows a better comprehension of the role of demographic and geographical aspects in the researchers' co-authorship network. A second contribution is that the authors included in the analysis inedited variables regarding the stages of academic degrees to express different levels of research experience during and after the process of research training. Finally, the authors adopt a higher level of methodological sophistication by combining social network analysis with econometric procedures, instead of only describing the network as in most studies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of ownership structure on mergers and acquisitions (M&A) decisions in Brazilian firms, both in relation to the level of concentration of voting rights and to the typology of the main shareholder. Analyses were based on a sample of 429 Brazilian firms listed in B3 (formerly BM&FBovespa) between 1998 and 2007. The data were analyzed using a panel data regression model. The results pointed out that firms are mostly family-owned and voting rights are mostly concentrated in the hands of the ultimate shareholder (USL), producing evidence consistent with the theories of ownership structure and with the owner's influence on strategic decisions. Moreover, a significant relationship was found between M&A and firm size, investment, market value and market value, as well as between firm size and growth opportunities. The study herein presents contributions to both governance and strategy literature and to business management in the Brazilian context. From a practical approach, the results provide future investors with a warning about the weakness that characterizes Brazilian firms in what regards the growth strategy position through an M&A.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of media coverage of extreme weather events (EWE) and related risk management activities in Brazil to answer the following questions: What aspects of EWE are captured by media coverage, and how media contributes to the perception of risk of those events? This study is based on the combined literature of climate change and EWE, disaster operations, media framing and risk perception. A content analysis of media coverage of EWE and related risk management activities in Brazil was conducted. The data were analyzed using a content analysis approach. The results demonstrate that the occurrence of EWE has gained more attention in media coverage; however, there is still interest for risk management activities. Media coverage of drought and floods was unevenly distributed, and the two events are framed differently in terms of impacts to society and risk management responsibilities. Additionally, the results highlight the difference of media coverage in the cases of slow-onset and sudden-on events. The media portrayal conveyed the scale of risks involved in EWE and reinforced the responsibilities in risk management. However, the authors found reduced attention to risk management Activities, particularly for mitigation and preparedness phases. This study contributes by linking climate awareness with the disaster operations phases and responsibility attribution, and highlighting risk perception for businesses and supply chain operations. Moreover, the results reinforce the need for deeper awareness and preparedness from all private and public organizations in terms of planning and mitigation of risks from EWE.
The purpose of this paper is to verify the relationship between the board of directors and the code of business ethics (CBE) of Brazilian publicly traded companies. The study was carried out by means of a survey carried out in Brazilian publicly traded companies. The data were collected through a questionnaire distributed to the chief executive officers (CEOs) of these companies, and the board of directors of the companies. In order to verify the relationship between the board's characteristics and the CBEI, a structural equation modeling (SEM) approach was used. The results showed that the board of directors' size, independence, separation of functions from the board chairman and the CEO position, and the largest number of meetings impact the CBEI. In addition, the board's characteristics seek to support corporate responsibilities, fulfilling a diversity of issues in the operational scenario, including the influence of the gender of the president and the age of the counselors of the board. This study contributes to the literature on corporate governance and business ethics by providing empirical evidence of the relations between the board of directors and the CBE of Brazilian companies. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other companies to improve their corporate governance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of advisor gender (male or female) and advisor justification (analytic versus intuitive) on advice taking in managerial decision-making contexts. A quasi-rational decision-making experiment was designed and conducted in a laboratory setting. Data were collected using a 2 (gender: male vs female) x 2 (advisor gender: male or female) between-subjects factorial design. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two conditions, in which the advisor's gender (male or female), was considered in advice taking. The results show that men are more likely to accept intuitive (analytic) advice when the advisor's gender is male, while women are more inclined to accept analytic (intuitive) advice in advice taking. The results also show that the influence of advisor gender and advice justification on advice taking is moderated by the gender of the advisor. This is the first study that investigates the interplay between advisor gender and advice justification (analytic versus intuitive) in advice taking in managerial decision-making contexts.
The purpose of this paper is to identify expressions and flows of tacit knowledge in unstructured decision processes (UDPs), with the supposition that tacit knowledge is present in all the routines of an UDP. Tacit knowledge was originally described by Polanyi and refers to the part of human knowledge which is difficult to explain. However, it accounts for a considerable portion of human activities. A qualitative study was carried out, using in-depth interviews with managers from three Brazilian companies. The data were analyzed using inferential analysis. From the data presented herein, the authors affirm that tacit knowledge was inserted in all UDP routines. The most observed manifestations of tacit knowledge were perceptions, tacit heuristic, experience and intuitions. Thus, these tacit skills may represent the core of the tacit knowledge in the UDP in the cases studied. This study represents a contribution in understanding UDP under the tacit knowledge perspective, enabling a better comprehension of tacit knowledge in UDP's model of Mintzberg et al. (1976) and providing a clearer view of the role of managers in decision-making processes, especially in regards to their tacit abilities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the productivity spillover effects of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the Latin American economies are manifested. Specifically, the article sought to identify the role of foreign presence and government intervention through an industrial policy on total factor productivity (TFP) in Latin American countries, which was divided into technical efficiency change (EC) and technological efficiency change. The analysis is based on a panel data set of the Latin American economies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The data set was analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) method, which allows for the identification of the effects of foreign direct investment and industrial policy on the TFP. The research results corroborate the foundations of spillover effects theory and with the recognition that the intensity of the effect of the foreign participation on the performance of economies will depend on the absorption capacity of host economies. The evidence presented in this study highlights the importance of better understanding the real effects of state intervention, through the use of industrial policy instruments and how they affect foreigners' investment decisions, as the lack of clear industrial orientation that is systematically integrated with MNEs' operations may result in economic development opportunities below the ideal level. The results corroborate the foundations of spillover effects theory and with the recognition that the intensity of the effect of the foreign participation on the performance of economies will depend on the absorption capacity of host economies. The outcomes of the research present several practical implications, as its development is based on therecognition that productivity is essential for the development of a country.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether other economic instruments, particularly markets for water use rights, could play a role within Brazil's water management policies, especially to minimize the negative impacts of scarcity events. An exploratory and qualitative investigation was conducted, starting from a brief literature review and then surveying experts' opinions through questionnaires (Delphi method and focus group). The results suggest that there is a role to be played by markets for water use rights in Brazil, even though solely under specific conditions, such as during periods of considerable gap between the supply and demand of water. The ensemble of answers obtained from the interviewees highlights the preference for a temporary, short-lived, localized application of a potential market. This paper contributes to deepening the knowledge about possible pathways and strategies that can make water resources management in Brazil less vulnerable to scarcity events, particularly considering the most stressed water basins. It is also relevant to study whether other economic instruments can play a role within water management policies, especially to minimize the negative impacts of scarcity events.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influence of the company's reputation and consumer involvement simultaneously on the relationship between consumer satisfaction, loyalty and willingness to pay (WTP). A survey was conducted in the automobile industry. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The results show that satisfaction with after-sales services is positively associated with loyalty and WTP. However, reputation and involvement do not have a significant effect on the relationship between satisfaction and loyalty. In addition, the results demonstrate that the emotional component of satisfaction explains intention and repurchase behavior better than the cognitive component. This study contributes to a greater understanding of the effects of satisfaction and brings empirical evidence closer to the reality of day-to-day market situations, demonstrating the point at which reputation and involvement are (or are not) significant. This enables us to recognize which amount of service reputation and level of involvement increases satisfaction and positively influences loyalty and WTP.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the studies about the performance of advocacy coalitions in processes of gradual and transformative institutional change. The study is based on the premise that a public policy is structured by institutions that provide stability and cooperation and is guided by the beliefs and values of hegemonic coalitions. However, not all of the policy's stakeholders will be satisfied with the status quo and may bring about institutional change in a dispute over hegemony. A case study was conducted on the hydroelectric power plant of Belo Monte (Belo Monte HPP) in Brazil, using critical discourse analysis (CDA) as an original method to examine how advocacy coalitions coordinate their actions in favor of the project. The case study shows that the technocratic and materialistic political coalitions coordinated their actions in favor of the Belo Monte HPP and the idealistic political coalition confronted them. It was observed that changes in the institutions were a result not only of confrontation strategies but also of mutual learning among coalitions, such as the incorporation of social and environmental considerations by the hegemonic coalition in the project's design. This work is particularly important as it seeks to meet the research agenda of the coordination of political coalitions, proposed by Jenkins-Smith et al. (2014) in an article assessing the trajectory of the ACF. In addition, this case study of Belo Monte HPP brings a unique analysis using the modes of operation of ideology, contributing to the new discursive institutionalism and ACF when adopting the CDA as an original method to examine how coalitions use the discourse. A belief system is the result of a social construction marked by sharing subjectivities, i.e. it is a process that exposes the intersubjectivity among members of coalitions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss notions of what constitutes a case and its various applications, taking into account different epistemologies as well as criteria of rigor and validity. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the use of case studies as a research method and on the epistemology of the case study. The authors suggest that there are several epistemological justifications for using case studies and show that the quality and rigor of academic research with case studies are directly related to the alignment between epistemology and research design rather than to choices of specific forms of data collection or analysis. Furthermore, multiple data collection techniques can be used in in single or multiple case study designs. This paper makes two contributions. First, it suggests that there are several epistemological justifications for using case studies. Second, it shows that the quality and rigor of academic research with case studies are directly related to the alignment between epistemology and research design rather than to choices of specific forms of data collection or analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a perspective to interpret qualitative data that the authors name "Embodied Practice-Based Research". Epistemologically different from the humanist positions of Merleau-Ponty, Noe, Wacquant, and Gherardi, the authors assume a post-humanist positioning aiming at performative methodologies able to produce different knowledge and produce knowledge differently. The paper is based on a conceptual analysis of embodied practice-based research as an alternative way to interpret qualitative data. The authors argue that the researcher's interpretative capacity drawing on perception, judgments, and affect is relevant to meaning making upon subjective organizational phenomena involved in a complex web of (inter and intra) actions. Embodied practice-based research is the upshot from the intertwined of the researcher's interpretation, judgment, and affect performances. All interpretation, judgement and affect are actions wherein the researcher cognition is not separated from his/her perception and its capacity to affect and be affect by humans and non-humans--including the research data. There is no coherent interpretation without perception and affect. The embodied practice-based research is the upshot from the intertwined of the researcher's interpretation, judgment, and affect performances. All interpretation, judgement and affect are actions wherein the researcher cognition is not separated from his/her perception and its capacity to affect and be affect by humans and non-humans--including the research data. There is no coherent interpretation without perception and affect.
The purpose of this paper is to present phenomenography as a methodological alternative that can contribute to organizational studies based on a practice perspective, by analyzing the phenomena from the practitioners' point of view. The paper is based on a review of the literature on phenomenography and practice theory, and on the analysis of phenomenography's contribution to organizational studies. This article argues that the interest in varying the perception about a phenomenon at the collective level; the hierarchy of complexity between the conceptions regarding the phenomenon; and the outcome space constitute a theoretical and, mainly, methodological framework. It is a framework that can contribute as an alternative to problematize and analyze organizational practices, expanding the possibilities of creating theories from findings in the field. This article contributes to the literature on the subject of phenomenography, which is insufficiently explored in organizational studies. It is a framework that can contribute as an alternative to problematize and analyze organizational practices, expanding the possibilities of creating theories from findings in the field.
Qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) has emerged and gained prominence over the years as a widely embraced research tool for the empirical exploration of the neo-configurational approach. However, despite the surge in the number of studies over the past two decades, demonstrating the shift toward using configurational theories to understand the complexity of organizational phenomena, there are persistent scholarly debates in the literature over the use of QCA to analyze causal complexity. On the one hand, the QCA community advocates QCA as a novel and available tool that is capable of capturing all three principles of causal complexity and is thus the preferred choice for empirically testing configural theories (Fiss, Marx, & Cambre, 2013; Misangyi et al., 2017). On the other hand, scholars have underscored the various pitfalls of using QCA, particularly when contrasting it to conventional quantitative methods. The purpose of this paper is to argue that QCA's deterministic approach and its disregard of probabilistic processes are This paper reviews the extant literature on QCA and the neo-configurational approach to analyze causal complexity, and provides a critical analysis of QCA's ability to capture altogether the three principles of causal complexity. The findings show that QCA is capable of capturing altogether the three principles of causal complexity, and thus is the preferred choice for empirically testing configurational theories. However, it is also possible to find evidence of asymmetry and equifinality in QCA, which is contrary to the assumptions inherent in conventional QCA. This paper contributes to the literature on QCA and the neo-configurational approach in management research by providing a theoretical and empirical justification of QCA as the preferred tool for empirically testing configurational theories. It also provides a framework for future research that can be used to further advance QCA's use as a research tool in management.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the relevance of detailing the methodological procedures adopted in the transcription in research reports in the management field. This is based on the understanding that many times, and without explanation, the authors describe the interviews as "the interviews were transcribed", but how? This paper is based on the understanding that many times, and without apparent explanation, the authors do not detail the procedures that should be used in conducting transcriptions. This gap is discussed in the context of qualitative research in the management field, which is characterized by a variety of specificities and characteristics. There is a need to clarify the procedures adopted in conducting transcriptions in research reports in the management field, as well as the limitations of the transcription technique and the quality of a transcription. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it discusses the relevance of detailing the methodological procedures adopted in the transcription in research reports in the management field. This is based on the understanding that many times, and without understanding, many studies in management do not detail the procedures that should be followed in conducting transcriptions.
The purpose of this paper is to present and apply the Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) method in the context of empirical research in management by using theBayesian paradigm for the construction of scales. The Bayesian approach is useful for cases in which the data are mixed, i.e. a combination of interval, ordinal or ratio variables and also in the presence of a prior information such as past studies or information gathered from the experience of specialists. The Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) method is proposed as a new approach for the construction of scales in the context of empirical research in management by using the Bayesian paradigm. The proposed method consists of three steps. First, the proposed method is used to reduce the dimensionality of the data. Then, it is applied to construct the scales. Finally, a case study is presented to demonstrate the application of the proposed BFAMD method. The results show that the proposed method can be used in the context of empirical research in management studies by using the Bayesian paradigm for the construction of scales. The results also show that it is possible to use the BFAMD method in the presence of a prior information such as past studies or information gathered from the experience of specialists. This study is the first to present and apply the Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) in the context of empirical research in management studies by using the Bayes paradigm for the construction of scales.
Unveiling performance drivers within and across organizations while providing interesting insights to practitioners is one of the core objectives of management research. In doing so, management scholars have relied on a wide array of methods ranging from in-depth qualitative methods in a single or small selected sample of organizations, to the use of econometric techniques to assess relationships of association or causality between variables of interest. Recently, unique data from within private and public organizations has continued to span novel insights on management and strategy research. This important stream of research has been coined with the term "Insider Econometrics (IE)". The purpose of this paper is to discuss how IE can unveil interesting and unknown organizational phenomena by applying advanced econometric techniques to highly detailed datasets from a single (or small group of) companies, which are not publicly available. The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of insider econometrics (IE). The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of IE. The authors argue that further comprehension of organizational phenomena is possible through more intense use of in-depth knowledge from daily operations of a single (or a small group of) organization(s). This paper is the first attempt to provide a guide to management scholars on how to use IE to advance research on organizational phenomena. The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of IE.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concepts and applications of multilevel modeling for longitudinal data, and to discuss the main advantages and disadvantages of these models. The paper is based on a review of the literature on multilevel regression models for longitudinal data and on the application of these models in several fields of knowledge. Multilevel regression models have become considerably important in several fields of knowledge, and the publication of papers that use estimations related to these models has become more and more frequent. The reason for the importance of multilevel modeling is due mainly to the determination of research constructs that consider the existence of nested data structures, in which certain variables show variation between distinct units that represent groups but do not assess variation between observations that belong to the same group. In addition, the computational development and investments that data analysis software developers have made in the processing capacity to estimate these models have also provided support to researchers who are increasingly interested in these models. The originality of this paper lies in the way in which it introduces the concept of multilevel regression models for longitudinal data, and in the fact that it provides an overview of the main concepts and applications that can be used by researchers to analyze longitudinal data.
Measurement of attitudes is a topic of keen interest in the social sciences and related fields. The origins of measurement stem from the work of social psychologists in the 1920s and 1930s that raised the topic to a higher level of empiricism and established the foundations of current research in this area. The most widely used, and misused, approaches to measuring attitudes are the Likert-type scales. The purpose of this paper is to provide a practical guide to the novice researcher on development and validation of attitudes measurement scales. To achieve this goal, a prototype of a framework was built, starting from the literature review and interviews with experts to define the construct domain, the writing of each statement and its caveats, the empirical (statistical) validation using EFA and finally several practical suggestions with methodological comments on each topic. The paper provides a practical guide to the novice researcher on D&V of attitudes measurement scales, starting from the literature review and interviews with experts to define the construct domain, the writing of each statement and its caveats, the empirical validation using EFA, and finally several practical suggestions with methodological comments on each topic. This paper is intended to be a practical guide to the novice researcher on D&V of attitudes measurement scales. The authors hope the present article can "enlighten" possible novice researchers who wish to initiate the construction and validation of scales and bring new practitioners to this field.
The purpose of this paper is to account for a recent non-mainstream econometric approach using microdata and how it can inform research in business administration. More specifically, the paper draws from the applied microeconometric literature stances in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. This study drew from the applied microeconometric literature in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors applied both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences. The authors find that the Poisson pseudo-maximum-likelihood estimator is a robust substitute for the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors apply both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences. This study drew from the applied microeconometric literature in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors applied both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences.
The purpose of this paper is to present an overview of the Difference-in-Differences (DiD) method, summarized here in terms of some practical recommendations for researchers wishing to apply the method. The method is based on a combination of before-after and treatment-control group comparisons, and it is a non-experimental approach to estimating the causal effects of a policy intervention when treatment assignment is non-random and there is no obvious control group. The paper presents an overview of the DiD method, summarized here in terms of some practical recommendations. Researchers wishing to apply the method should carefully plan their research design and think about what the source of (preferably exogenous) variation is, and how it can identify causal effects. The control group should be comparable to the treatment group and have the same data availability. Matching and other methods can refine the control group selection. Enough time periods should be available to credibly motivate the parallel trends and, in case not fulfilled, it is likely that DiD is not an appropriate method. The robustness of the analysis can be enhanced by using exogenous control variables, either directly in the regression and/or through a matching procedure. This is the first paper to provide a comprehensive overview of the DiD method and to provide practical recommendations for researchers wishing to apply the method.
The purpose of this paper is threefold. First, it brings evidence of the emergence and prominence of the Social Capital approach over other alternative approaches within the Network Analysis approach in management studies. Second, it portrays the historical evolution of Network Analysis, with emphasis on the major empirical and methodological breakthroughs that led to the emphasis on Social Capital. Third, it recovers the major criticism against the Network analysis mainstream, while highlighting how the mainstream's responses addressed this criticism. Finally, the paper concludes with possible avenues of future developments for Network Analysis and identifies the major obstacles for a full dialogue with alternative approaches. The paper is based on a review of the literature on Network Analysis studies. It presents the historical evolution of Network Analysis, with emphasis on the major empirical and methodological breakthroughs that led to the emphasis on Social Capital. It also discusses the major criticism against the Network Analysis mainstream, while highlighting how the mainstream's responses addressed this criticism. Finally, it concludes with possible avenues of future developments for Network Analysis. Mainstream scholars have made remarkable efforts in closing the gap established at the late eighties, where attention to ties' content was shifted to the background (i.e. the reintroduction of ethnography, development of multiplex models, etc.). However, the mainstream has not been able to respond to its critics, and the likely limits to its expansion. This paper contributes to the existing criticism to Network Analysis and contributes to this debate as it goes deeper on the "human agency", "temporality" and "meaning themes" associated with Network Analysis studies.
The purpose of this paper is to look into the influence of the algorithm currently used on scholarly search engines with the aim of proposing improvements so that a more reliable algorithm can help on breaking the hegemony of science. To do so, this research started by exploring the history behind Garfield's algorithm used by scholarly search engines. This was done with the objective of understanding the socio-cultural background based on which this algorithm was developed. The second step of this work involved identifying the most important parameters used by the algorithm and logically discussing their relevance. This allowed concluding that, while defensible on the past, the four main assumptions used by this algorithm are misplaced and significantly bias the development of science toward the perception of male scholars who are primarily affiliated to highly developed countries where English is the official language. The four main assumptions used by the algorithm are misplaced and, more importantly, significantly bias the development of science toward the perception of male scholars who are primarily affiliated to highly developed countries where English is the official language. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to look into the influence of the algorithm currently used on scholarly search engines with the aim of proposing improvements so that a more reliable algorithm can help on breaking the hegemony of science.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the influence of the countries' informational environment on accounting information, considering controlled economic factors. Specific objectives of the research are: to detect the characteristics of the companies that explain the behaviour of the stock returns of firms that trade their securities in emerging markets; explain how the adoption of international standards interferes in the relations analysed; and indicate how the level of information opacity affects the explanatory capacity of accounting information in explaining the variations in stock returns in emerging countries. The study integrates the growing international accounting literature that examines the association between economic profit, measured by stock returns, and financial information, such as accounting profitability. From this perspective, a model with a long window of stock returns at the contemporary level and changes in the accounting variables was estimated. The results showed that the size of the company, calculated by the logarithm of the companies' total assets, was inversely related to the return, while the price-to-book indicator was positively related to it. It was also observed that the adoption of the IFRS standards positively affected the relationship between financial variables and stock returns, which is more relevant when the accounting figures were under its aegis. In addition, it was observed that institutional moderators were included in the analysis. The study integrates the growing international accounting literature that examines the association between economic profit, measured by stock returns and financial information, such as accounting profitability. From this perspective, a model with a long window of stock returns at the contemporary level and changes in the accounting variables was estimated. Through this procedure, the authors tried to show which aspects of the capital market entail an active implication to generate differences in the usefulness of the financial statements.
This paper aims to consolidate the concepts presented on disruptive business models (DBMs) in the literature, elaborating a set of characteristics that conceptualize and qualify a DBM. This is because, despite the existence of research and understanding about DBM, such findings do not accurately reveal the conceptual limit of this subject. To do so, the literature on DBM was analyzed through the latent semantic analysis (LSA) technique, complemented by content analysis, to obtain a more precise qualification and conceptualization regarding DBM. From this, it was possible to present a set of characteristics that conceptualize and qualify a DBM, as presented in Table I. The arguments presented in this paper contribute to the practice as these concepts and characteristics can be used as a validation tool to identify if a business is a D BM. This article contributes to the theory by conducting an in-depth analysis of the literature on DBM using the LSA technique, raising and consolidating concepts presented on D BM in the literature. From this, it was possible to present a set of characteristics about DBM, as presented in Table I. Also, the presentation of this set of characteristic aims to help managers understand this theme and later translate these understandings into their business with greater confidence.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a model that explains and predicts the factors that facilitate and hinder the acceptance and use of mobile devices in the mobile emergency care service (MECS) of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Based on the literature review and the exploration of the qualitative exploration, a model was proposed containing antecedents and consequences of the adoption and use of mobile devices in the mobile emergency care service of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The model was tested using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that the application compatibility with the PHC is the main predictor of the use of Mobile PHC, followed by the Performance Expectancy with the use and Technical Support provided to users. The results also show that satisfaction with the MECS work is determined by the Application Compatibility with the MobilePHC system and its impact on the performance of the teams is mediated by the Technical Support. The present study adds to current literature that examines the use of applications installed in smartphones; more specifically, in emergency calls made outside the hospital base. Recently, there has been a greater presence of applications using mobile devices, especially the smartphone, both by the public in general and health professionals, mainly because it is a new technology that combines communication and mobile computing through a portable device. In an increasingly mobile society, wireless IT infrastructure supports numerous applications, whether linked to mobile commerce, supply chain management or more recently to health care. Similarly, the advance of mobile devices powered by 3G, 4G and wireless technology has enabled the creation of a wide variety of service applications to perform mobile health care easily and conveniently.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and analyze how operational competencies are developed from the interaction with the relational resources shared in the supply chain, with strategic implications for the proper allocation of resources that can result in superior performance. A multiple case study was carried out in four supply chain dyads. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the managers of the companies involved in the supply chain. The data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis. According to the interviews, the companies developed relational synergies with their strategic suppliers, adopting operational competencies for the efficient use of resources. The companies used resources and skills to contribute to the relationship strategy to obtain greater relational income for the individual companies and the chain as a whole. Collaborative relationships are relevant because they enable the members to use integrative strategies to influence the development of competencies to create competitive advantage. The study contributes to the theory of operations management concerning inter-organizational relationships, as it advances the field of relational view, highlighting the adoption of relational and integrative strategies, as well as broadening the competency debate in the field.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the use of a credit-scoring model combined with a profit scoring model for loan-granting decisions, determining an acceptable credit risk without excessive loss of profitability. The combined use of these approaches may improve the credit concession process by not only lending to clients with the potential to pay off debt but also considering the expected profitability of the operation. The authors propose the use of a credit-scoring model combined with a profit scoring model for loan-granting decisions, determining an acceptable credit risk without excessive loss of profitability. The model estimates default probability (DP) based on customers' past behavioral and demographic characteristics, and profit scoring models are used to predict the profitability of a client or a transaction. The results indicate that logistic regression models increase the GINI coefficient by 5.8 times when compared to subjective analyses and the area under the ROCAUR curve (AURAUR) by around 62 per cent. The random forest increases the GinI index further by 4 per cent and the AOCUR by 2.2 per cent, and the results show that these models improve the efficiency of the credit granting process significantly. The authors contribute to the literature by comparing logistic and machine-learning approaches to subjective methods, and by combining credit scoring to profit scoring in a credit union context. As credit unions are private, it is difficult to have access to their data, and the authors are not aware of a similar analysis in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the conditions under which hybrid arrangements that contractually combine resources from public authorities and private operators can outperform the polar cases of public bureaus and full privatization in the delivery of a specific subset of public goods that the authors identified as "critical services". Based on the hybrid governance literature on, and using indications provided by two stylized examples, prisons and defense, the authors build three testable propositions addressing under which conditions hybrids can effectively deliver adequate critical services. Drawing lessons from these examples, the last section discusses limitations that hybrid solutions face. The paper identifies three conditions under which hybrid arrangements that contractually combine resources from public authorities and private operators can outperform the polar cases of public bureaus and full privatization in the delivery of a specific subset of public goods that the authors identified as "critical services". The advantages of hybrids are conditional to the capacity of hybrids to reconcile competing interests to achieve socio-economic cohesion, to combine capabilities dispersed among partners to benefit from positive externalities, and to satisfy legitimacy concerns with respect to the role of government. The paper contributes to the literature by offering a view beyond the "pure public" versus "pure private" dichotomy and by improving the existing knowledge on hybrid governance, particularly PPPs. More specifically, the paper addresses the boundary conditions in which hybrids are feasible alternatives in the highly sensitive context of critical services.
The purpose of this paper is to identify if there is a relationship between entrepreneurship as a career option and job satisfaction and family satisfaction, by comparing entrepreneurs with non-entrepreneurs, to answer the following research question: Does entrepreneurship as an entrepreneurial career choice influence job andfamily satisfaction? A questionnaire was drafted based on three consolidated scales in the literature, which measure job satisfaction, family satisfaction and the existence of an interrole conflict. There were 156 respondents, of whom 55 were excluded because their questionnaires were incomplete, which left 101 valid answers. Group analysis techniques and linear regression models were used to test the hypotheses. The results indicate non-rejection of H1, thereby allowing one to infer that entrepreneurs are more satisfied with their jobs, as was also pointed out by Binder and Coad (2013) and Van Praag and Versloot (2007). The results also indicate that entrepreneurs have higher levels of job and family satisfaction than non-entrepreneurs. The results indicate non-rejection of H1, thereby allowing one to infer that entrepreneurs are more satisfied with their jobs, as was also pointed out by Binder and Coad (2013) and Van Praag and Versloot (2007). The results also indicate that entrepreneurs have a better quality of life than non-entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the predictive role of work team identity in explaining the effectiveness of work teams. The central point of the discussion is not in the group member's identification with the team, but in the sharing of the identity constructed by the group members in relation to the team to which they belong. In order to test the proposed hypotheses, data were collected from a sample of employees working in a Spanish manufacturing company. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results indicate that the way in which social identity is measured and represented reveals distinctions in the relationships between work team identity and different indicators of effectiveness. It could be inferred that this relationship depends on the level of correspondence between the components of identity and the criteria of work team effectiveness, as well as on thelevel at which these analyses are carried out. This study contributes to the understanding of work team identity as a collective phenomenon that unites individuals around team goals. It also contributes to understanding the contribution of SIT for understanding the functioning and effectiveness of teams.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of gender diversity in the relationship between corporate social responsibility (CSR), corporate governance (CG) and the financial performance of Brazilian public companies. The data were collected from the CSR reports of Brazilian public companies listed on the Brazilian Stock Exchange (Bovespa) for the years 2009-2011. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling approach. The results show that the presence of women on the board of directors has a positive impact on the CSR, CG and financial performance of Brazilian public companies. The results also show that gender diversity on boards is positively related to the CG and CSR of companies. This study contributes to the literature on CSR and corporate governance by providing empirical evidence on the influence of gender diversity in the relationship between CSR, CG and the financial performance of Brazilian public companies.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and study a framework of the antecedent and consequence of the impulse buying through a meta-analysis. A systematic and meta-analytic review was carried out. In total, 50 studies were included in the meta-analysis. The meta-analyst approach enables to extract conclusive observations about the investigated theme from the studies realized in various contexts. The findings confirm the relations between impulse buying and the consumer's decision-making and the post-purchase emotions. In addition, the findings confirm that the influences linked to the environmental dimension also act on impulse buying. The age construct presented an inverse relation with impulse buying, while the impulse buying was found to be stronger in this behavioral dimension. The results also confirm that impulse buying is bound to price and the store environment. This work proposed and studied a framework of the antecedent and consequence of the impulse buying through a systematic and meta-analytic review. The results found incorporate new antecedents and consequences for understanding the relations originated by impulse buying, bringing new contributions to the marketing field of research.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry on its competitiveness, cross-checking it with other countries that have stood out in the global automotive industry, such as South Korea and China. The research is based on a cross-country comparison of the Brazilian automotive industry with the supply chain structure of South Korea and China. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the automotive industry in Brazil. The authors used a two-step approach: first, the authors conducted a factor analysis to identify the factors that differentiate the structure and management of the national supply chain from those of other countries, and second, they compared the results with those of two other countries that have stood out in the global automotive industry. The results show that the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry in Brazil has a negative impact on the competitiveness of the industry. The results also show that there is a significant difference between the supply chains of South Korea and China in terms of the number of suppliers and the level of participation of the automotive industry. This is the first study to evaluate the impact of the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry on its competitiveness, crosschecking it with supply chains of other countries that have stood out in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of greenwashing and consumer attitudes and beliefs on the decisions to purchase green products. The authors first carried out a survey covering a sample of 880 Brazilian consumers who purchased goods from supermarkets on a weekly or biweekly basis; that is, they are consumers and decision-makers on what products to purchase from the supermarket's retail sector. From the sample survey, the authors could evaluate a model and analyze the aspects of greenwashing, as well as consumer's attitudes and beliefs. In this regard, the word "relationship" used in the hypotheses of this study can be understood as the influence of green products on consumer's buying behavior. The results of this study showed that the consumers' attitude and beliefs are formed and how greenwashing affects their green products consumption in retail. This study also showed that risks are not considered when the consumers believe that greenwashing is not true. The results of this study are superior to the previous findings because the authors considered the aspects forming the consumers' attitude and belief and those that reflected the perception of greenwashing.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on the role of universities in the fight against corruption, and to highlight the role universities can play in this process. This paper is based on the authors' reflections on the role universities can play in the fight against corruption in the Caribbean. The paper concludes that universities can play an important role in the fight against corruption, as they have the potential to play a significant role in providing a platform for students, faculty and other stakeholders to engage in a dialogue on corruption. The paper also highlights the need for universities to take a more active role in fighting against corruption. This paper contributes to the debate on the role of universities in the fight against corruption by providing a unique perspective on the importance of universities' role in this regard.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the capabilities generated by the use of information and communication technology (ICT) by nonprofit organizations, with a focus on how these tools can improve their ability to achieve their social mission. The authors adopted a conceptual lens inspired by the theory of affordances. The study adopted a qualitative approach, using six rich case studies. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with individuals involved in the use of ICT in nonprofit organizations. The data were analyzed using the theory of affordances. The study identifies new sub-categories, which are not just related to nonprofit organizations, but also to the organizational context of the nonprofit organizations. The findings show that the use of ICT by nonprofit organizations can improve their ability to achieve their social mission. The barriers that prevent the full use of the ICT are also observed. The study makes two main contributions. First, it extends the seminal work of Strong et al. (2014) on the theory of technology affordances by identifying new sub-categories and by proposing a processual model of affordance interdependencies that have the potential to enhance existing knowledge. Second, it contributes to literature on the management of the third sector not only by creating a bridge with the literature on ICT but also by shedding some light on the potentialities of the use of technologies for the accomplishment of their social mission.
The purpose of this paper is to compare and analyze the job satisfaction, organizational commitment and turnover intention of faculty members, technical-administrative staff and outsourced employees from the Federal University of the State of Rio de Janeiro (UNIRIO). The target population consisted of nearly 2,100 workers, being 905 faculty members, 1,054 technical-administrative staff and 134 outsourced employees from the Federal University of the State of Rio de Janeiro (UNIRIO). Of this total, 297 participated in the study (approximately 15 per cent of the total), being 115 faculty member, 86 technical- administration staff and 96 outsourced workers. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire. The authors found that outsourced workers from UNIRIO were significantly more satisfied than faculty members and TAEs, despite their relatively less stable position. In this sense, it is possible to affirm that the outsourced employees that participated in this study possess more modest expectations and/or have less favorable frames of reference, positively affecting their job satisfaction. The results on organizational commitment only partially corroborate the literature on this issue, still lacking research on this subject, both nationally and internationally. Finally, the study showed that turnover intention is negatively influenced by both job satisfaction and normative and affective commitment. This study has both theoretical and practical implications. From a theoretical perspective, its importance lies on the increased use of outsourced labor in public administration and the relative paucity of empirical studies on outsourced workers' attitudes toward their job and the organization, as evidenced in the literature review. As the topic of outsourcing is quite controversial, the authors hope this new evidence brings new contribution to the discussion. As a practical standpoint, the results may guide the development of human resource management policies and practices aligned with the reality and the needs of public servants and outsourced employees.
The purpose of this paper is to validate the theoretical model of Langevin and Mendoza (2012) regarding the effects of the management control system (MCS) on unethical behaviors through perceived organizational justice, organizational commitment and trust in the supervisor, and to identify: what characteristics of MCS increase perceived impartiality; and how the perception of organizational justice reduces managers' propensity to create budgetary slack and manipulate data. A survey was conducted with a sample of managers from different organizations. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that the three dimensions of MCS (distributive, procedural and interactional) have a positive effect on the perception of organizational justice, which, in turn, reduces the propensity to create budgetary slack and data manipulation. In addition, organizational commitment and trust in the supervisor have a negative effect on these two unethical behaviors. This study contributes to the literature on MCSs and organizational justice by providing empirical evidence of the effects of MCS dimensions on unethical behaviors through the perception of organizational justice and organizational commitment.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically check and empirically evaluate whether statistically significant differences exist in the structural coefficients found in the financial literacy model's structural relationships, considering the various groups of individuals with different combinations of actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge, and whether the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors. The empirical investigation used data from the OECD (2016) study, which have also been used and made available in Garber and Koyama (2016). The data concern a final sample of 1,487 Brazilian citizens that are heterogeneous in terms of their actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge. To investigate whether the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors in the light of the financial literacy conceptual model at hand, the authors ran multi-group analyses whose conclusions, involving the identification of relevant inter-group differences, are this study's main contributions. The results show that there are statistically significant differences in the structural coefficients present in structural relationships of the proposed financial literacy model, considering different groups of respondents with different combinations of actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge. The results also show that the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors in the light of the conceptual model. This study contributes to the debate on financial literacy as a set of relationships capable of at least partly explaining financial behavior based on a logical rationale: greater financial knowledge, appropriate self-confidence and better financial attitudes are only helpful if they produce desirable financial behaviors. For this reason, in the proposed financial literacy model, the main variable of interest was financial behavior, with knowledge and self- confidence as antecedents.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on high-growth firms (HGFs) and scale-up companies in the context of the Brazilian business environment and to identify gaps in the existing literature and suggest pathways for future research. The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on HGFs and scale-ups in the Brazilian context. It integrates the literature at three levels: business environment, organization and individual. The paper integrates the literature about HGFs at its different levels: business environment, organization and individual. This creates a document that brings together the main theoretical and empirical results generated at each level of analysis, thus shedding light on the interdependence between them. Second, it advances a characterization of scale-up companies to enable a better basis for discussion. Finally, it identifies gaps in the existing literature and suggests pathways for future research. The paper integrates the literature about HGFs at its different levels: business environment, organization and individual. This creates a document that brings together the main theoretical and empirical results generated at each level of analysis, thus shedding light on the interdependence between them. Second, the article advances a characterization of scale-up companies to enable a better basis for discussion. Finally, the paper identifies gaps in the existing literature and suggests pathways for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: What are the relations between cultural profiles and the economic, environmental and social dimensions [the triple bottom line (3BL) of electricity companies' reporting based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) sustainability framework? This study is based on the competing value framework (CVF) developed by Cameron and Quinn (2006). The CVF was chosen because of the framework's ability to identify the type, congruence and force of an organizational culture, satisfying the objectives of this study. To answer the question posed (RQ1), the authors collected primary and secondary data. The primary data related to organizational culture while the secondary data focused on sustainability. The results provide clarity on the dominant cultural profile, cultural forces and the relations between cultural profiles and the economic, environmental and social dimensions (the 3BL approach). The dominant cultural profiles among the companies, according to the knowledge of the staff, were hierarchical. Company B had a mostly clan-based profile. The results show the prevalence of the hierarchical and clan cultural profiles, so these companies demonstrate stability, control and a focus on the internal environment. This study contributes to the understanding of organizational culture and sustainability in the Brazilian electricity industry. The results provide clarity on the dominant cultural profile, cultural forces and the relations between cultural profiles and the triple bottom line (3BL) approach.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of normative-regulatory, socio-cultural and economic-financial barriers faced by potential and intentional entrepreneurs, which impede the creation of new organizations and thus contribute to the explanatory debate of the entrepreneurial intent-action gap. Grounded on a post-positivist position, the authors propose a quantitative approach, surveying 569 potential and intending entrepreneurs from a longitudinal sample of 22 years. The data were obtained by survey through questionnaire, from the registers of the ANJE database registers, considering all the entrepreneur candidates enrolled in entrepreneurship training courses promoted by the association itself or in partnership with other entities. The authors adopted a quantitative methodological approach using techniques of descriptive and inferential statistics. The results allowed us to conclude that all the barriers limit the creation of new organizations; 69.0 per cent of the respondents did not accomplish the previous entrepreneurial intention. The financial resources barrier (economic-financial) is the most important one, 85.2 per cent do not create an organization because of it. The personal barrier (sociocultural) is second most important except during the period in which banking financial support is available, where become the first. The impact of the normative-regulatory barrier is statistically relevant, but practically irrelevant on the magnitude. The study is novel by providing new insights about entrepreneurship and the entrepreneurial intention-action gap. The most important theoretical implication is the conceptualization of the accomplish process, the empirical identification of the barriers and their relative importance. Furthermore, it alerts entrepreneurial candidates to the need to identify and find ways to overcome the barriers they face in the achievement process. The study also discloses contradictory results with the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor - Portuguese Monitor Reports regarding the importance of barriers and the taxes of early-stage entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate whether the perceptions of cleanliness and organization of the point of sale, hygiene and training of those who serve the public (service) constitute a base for the perception of the quality of food sold in the street food trade. Competitive models were also tested involving variables in question, with the objective of evaluating the most adequate relationship between perception of quality and healthiness. A survey was conducted in the city of Santa Catarina, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results indicate that the most adequate relationship between the perception of quality and healthiness that is not completely clear in the researched literature represents a gap that represents a theoretical gap to be filled in the literature. This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the determinants of the perception of quality of food prepared and sold in the street food trade. The results of this study contribute to the body of knowledge regarding the social dimension of street food and its consequences in terms of product quality, organization of the point of sale, cleanliness and healthiness.
The purpose of this paper is to identify factors to be considered in the decision on product customization for a given country; identify the relative importance of these factors; and analyze how the importance of factors differs between Business to Business (B2B) and B2C products. Based on an inductive analysis, the authors will investigate the importance of customizing products when a company decides to sell them in international markets. As a result of this reflection, the subject of interest of this research is the balance between customization and standardization of products in internationalized companies. The authors propose the following objectives: identify factors to be considered in the decision on product customization for a given country; identify the relative importance of these factors; and analyze how the importance differs between B2B and B2C products. The results show that the most important factors influencing the decision on product customization differ between B2B and B2C products. In addition, there is a significant difference in the importance of these factors between the two types of products. The results also show that there are significant differences in the relative importance of the factors that influence the product customization decision between the types of product. This study contributes to the literature on business administration by providing a source of information to assist managers in their decisions about standardization strategies and product customization in the international market. Moreover, there is a lack of empirical studies focused on identifying and prioritizing the factors influencing the decision on customization comparing the two types of products, B2B and B2C, in global markets.
The purpose of this paper is to verify the influence of monitoring mechanisms on the relationship between CEOs' term of office and discretionary accruals. The motivation of the research lies in discussing the link between the time horizon of the CEO's term ofoffice and its relation to the capacity to develop opportunistic attitudes. The study is based on a sample of CEOs from the Brazilian Stock Exchange (Brasilia Stock Exchange) for the period from 2000 to 2014. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Bovespa stock market. The sample was divided into two groups: CEOs with a long term of office and CEOs without a long period of office. The research findings point out that, in the first years of their term, CEOs are more likely to use opportunistic results management practices. On the other hand, there are indications that CEOs with a long term of office seek to preserve the reputation created over the course of their careers, and for this reason, use less discretion in their accounting choices. This study contributes to the literature by providing evidence that, in the first years of their term of office, CEOs are more likely to use opportunistic results management practices. In addition, the application of the study in the Brazilian context may present new findings, as the CEOs' average term is shorter than that in other countries and the importance given by variable remuneration may be a preponderant factor for possible divergences.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how open-book accounting (OBA) and trust influence relationship satisfaction between suppliers and buyers on the automotive sector supply chain, from the transaction costs economics (TCE) perspective. The research is based on a dyadic approach, using a survey of buyers and suppliers in the automotive sector supply chain. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that OBA and trust influence satisfaction between suppliers and buyers on the automotive sector supply chain, from the transaction costs economics (TCE) perspective of TCE, which may consequently impact relationship satisfaction, such as the risk of opportunism, specificity of assets invested and need to establish safeguards. This study is justified by the lack of studies analyzing OBA on a dyadic perspective. This research aims to broaden knowledge regarding OBA in interorganizational relationships and how it is influenced by the relational context. Therefore, the findings should contribute to understand difficulties to apply this instrument on companies and factors that may influence its operation and performance, impacting on satisfaction and trust.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a conceptualization of green human resource management (HRM), address workplace-based green HRM practices; shed light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations; and suggest a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green HRm. A conceptualization of green HRM is provided, followed by an overview of recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally-sustainable organizations. Finally, a research agenda for future studies on green human resource management is suggested. The paper provides a conceptualization of green HRM, addresses workplace-based green human resource management (HRM) practices, sheds light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations and suggests a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green HR M. This paper provides a conceptualization of green HRM. It also addresses workplace-based green human resource management practices, sheds light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations and suggests a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green Human Resource Management.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effectiveness of an "acclaimed" celebrity endorsement effect in a context where the endorsed object is an aspiring new celebrity. In addition, the authors sought to understand the effects of brand, congruence, charisma, celebrity exposure and celebrity exposure on the effect of the endorsement on spectators' attitudes and behavioral intentions. In Study 1, a 2 (congruence between celebrity and endorser) x 2 (exposure level) between-subjects factorial design was used. In Study 2, a 3 (brand, congruence, charisma and overexposure) x 3 (expert exposure) between subjects factorial was used to test the effectiveness of the celebrity endorsement effect in a context where an aspiring new celebrity is being endorsed. In addition, in Study 3, an experimental design was conducted to verify the effect of the endorsement on the spectators' attitudes and intentions. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of this celebrity endorsement, as well as the effect of different contexts on endorsement. They show that although new celebrities are less affected by endorsements from established celebrities as they become better known, employing the endorsement of celebrities with charisma and who are related in some way to the aspiring celebrity can be an effective strategy, especially for newcomers on the scene. This study is the first to analyze the effectiveness of an "acclaimed" celebrity endorsement effect in a context where the endorsed object is an aspiring new celebrity, aligned with a proposal from Knoll and Matthes (2017).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the tax preference theory of dividends in a sample of 672 Brazilian public firms for the period 1986-2011. The authors documented several changes in the tax legislation of dividends over the sample period and tested their effect on dividend payments using probit and Tobit regression analysis. The authors collect data on 672 firms listed in the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange (Bovespa) between 1986 and 2011, making up a total of 30,134 observations. The authors document several changes in the tax legislation of dividends over the sample period and test their effect on dividend payments using probit and Tobit regression analysis. The findings suggest that the Brazilian firms do not follow target payout ratios, but they do try to pay dividends that are moderately dependent on past payments. The level of dividend payment is affected by stock voting rights, privatization, dividend payments deductibility provisions and changes of corporate governance rules. Changes in the tax legislation have a significant influence on dividend payout ratios. Payout ratios are positively affected by changes in regulation that reduce the agency problems among shareholders of the firm. The authors found significant positive effects in dividend payouts for firms that belong to special corporate governance segments of the stock exchange - firms that voluntarily adopt better practices toward its outside shareholders, thus reducing agency problems. This paper is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the influence of taxation on dividend policy in Brazil, which is a country where marginal tax rates are high, which suggests that companies pursue active tax planning strategies, which include changes in their dividend policies in response to changes in the tax legislation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of the book-to-market ratio (B/M) ratio and expected future B/M ratio and return on equity (ROE) on explaining Brazilian stock market returns. This study used a panel data set covering the period from January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2007. The data were analyzed by means of regression analysis. The explanatory power of the B/M ratio and the ROE on Brazilian stock returns were analyzed using the Fama and French (1993) asset pricing model (CAPM). The results show that the B/M ratio and ROE have a positive and significant effect on stock returns. In addition, the results indicate that the relationship between the B-to-market ratio and the expected future returns is stronger than the relation between market value and expected returns. The results also show that momentum and liquidity have a negative and significant influence on the relation of the B&M ratio with the future returns. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to analyze the influence of the B/M ratio and expected future B/ M ratio and ROE on explaining Brazilian stock market returns.
The purpose of this paper is to identify possible differences between what is taught in classrooms or discussed in academic conferences and what is involved in the day-to-day practice of asset managers in Brazil and to determine whether a mismatch exists. A bibliographical and field survey was carried out with 78 respondents to a questionnaire posted online, out of a total of 274 asset management companies. To analyze the data, the present paper uses Pearson's chi-square independence test, multiple regressions using ordinary least squares (OLS) and a probit model. The results of the tests performed indicate that practice departs from theory in the country: of the eight hypotheses tested, the authors rejected seven hypotheses and partially rejected one hypothesis. One possible explanation is that few Brazilian academic studies consider transaction costs such as brokerage fees, bid-ask spreads and liquidity when studying the benefits of quantitative portfolio optimization. This study may be considered a pioneering work in portfolio construction, risk management and performance evaluation in Brazil. The results of the tests performed indicate that practice departs from theory in the country: of the eight hypotheses tested, the authors rejected seven hypotheses and partially rejected one hypothesis.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate elements that favor or reduce the turnover intention among civil servants in the Federal Executive Branch of the Spanish Government. A survey was carried out among 228 civil servants working in five ministries and one federal agency. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses of the study. The structural model developed showed that, notably the values of the dimensions Self-transcendence and Conservation can indicate changes in the affective commitment to the organization. The first variable contributes to engagement, while the second one reduces the commitment levels, partially validating H1. However, as the Conservation sign was opposite to the typically indicated in literature (Tamayo et al., 2000, for example), new analyses are required, mainly using the disaggregation of dimensions by motivational types. Likewise, the expectations about career and organization have presented remarkable effects on the commitment, except for the Career and personal life factor. This paper contributes to the literature by presenting in the structural model evidence that low expectations among civil servants bring low affective commitment which, in turn, leads to higher willingness to quit organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of foreign direct investment (FDI) flows in the G-20 countries. The authors use the eclectic paradigm as the dominant approach to test the determinant of FDI and international activities of multinational enterprises (MNEs). The institutional environment of a particular country is considered as a determinant for FDI flows. The authors use a panel data set of the G-20 countries for the period from 2000 to 2015. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to test the hypothesis that the quality of the national institutional environment is a determinant of FDI flows. The results show that the quality of the institutional environment of the G-20 countries is positively related to FDI flows. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between institutional quality and the level of FDI. This study contributes to the literature on the relationship between the quality of the institutional environment and FDI flows in the G-20. It is one of the first studies to analyze the impact of institutional factors on the level of FDI in the context of the 20 largest economies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine if and how international opportunities are related to the internationalization processes of traditional firms. Specifically, the authors look at the relationship between international opportunity source and type of learning opportunity (exploitative vs exploratory), as well as foreign market servicing mode continuation or shift (herein mode continuation and modal shift, respectively). This study is based on a longitudinal case study that examines sequential moves in all of the foreign markets in which the selected firm has operated. Data were collected through in-depth interviews with the firm's managers. International opportunities are more associated with mode continuation than modal shift in the internationalization process of traditional firms. Specifically, the authors suggest that over time firms learn to: refine, rather than switch, servicing modes within foreign markets; better develop internal and exploitative opportunities; manage a portfolio of servicing modes; and identify when and how to use complex servicing mode packages to capitalize on a mix of (internal and external, exploratory and exploatory) opportunities in new foreign markets. By bringing together ideas from IB and IE, the authors show that the internationalization process of a traditional firm can be fruitfully analyzed through an opportunity lens. This means associating characteristics of international opportunities with mode continuation and modal shifts in all of the foreign markets in which the firm has operated. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first attempts to tackle a theoretical issue that has remained largely unexamined.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the perception of the impact of stricto sensu graduate programs on administration at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA) on competency, career and income. The research is based on a survey conducted among the graduates of stricto sensu graduate programs on administration at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA) between 1998 and 2012. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which included questions about competency, career and income. From the results found in the general questions about the impact of the programs on the evaluated dimensions, as well as those found in specific questions of these three dimensions, it was observed that there is a perception on the part of graduates of the development of their competency, career and income after participating in the stricto sensu Administration graduate programs at UFBA. Regarding competencies, a strong perception of evolution was found by graduates, who considered that the program had a high impact on this development. With regard to career, there was also a decrease in the occupation of lower levels and an increase in the number of individuals being the chairperson or board member in the organizations where they work. Overall, 48.7 per cent of graduates have evolved in their hierarchical positions, whereas 42.3 per cent remained at the same level. This paper contributes to the enrichment of the theoretical field on the evaluation of graduates. Besides, it provides information about graduates' perception of the achievement of the objectives of the programs and on their professional positions.
The purpose of this paper is to map centering resonance analysis's (CRA's) methodological evolution. CRA is a methodological innovation for case analysis which is being used to infer: the most important words in a speech (either a transcript or a written text); the way in which these words interact between themselves; and the similarity between different texts. Frequently adopted in information and computer sciences, CRA was only recently introduced into management-oriented journals. Yet, there are only some few works published using this method in this area and no Brazilian publication has been found. A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the main methodological innovations of CRA. In addition, a typology of CRA was built to classify the processes associated with the method. Finally, the evolution of CRA's methodological development was tracked by analyzing its main historical patterns, turning points and turning points. CRA is a methodological innovation for case analysis which is being used to infer: the most important words in a speech (either a transcript or a written text); the way in which these words interact between themselves; and the similarity between different texts. Frequently adopted in information and computer sciences, CRA was only recently introduced into management-oriented journals. Yet, there are only some few works published using this method in this area and no Brazilian publication has been found. This observation can be done for several other case-oriented research methods. This paper is the first attempt to map CRA's methodological evolution in management-oriented journals. It is also the first to analyze the evolution of CRA's use in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the concept of administration of justice as a research field and set out an agenda for future studies that could promote the production of scientific knowledge in this area. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the subject of administration of justice in Brazil, as well as an analysis of the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration. The administration of justice is a subject of high social and political importance, linked to the broader field of public administration, but it has hardly been studied, especially in Brazil. A well-administered justice system is a civilizing influence and contributes to social cohesion and to the country's social and economic development. Although important, this issue has not received proper attention from the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration. The administration of justice is a subject of high social and political importance, linked to the broader field of public administration, but it has hardly been studied, especially in Brazil. Although important, this issue has not received proper attention from the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration. The present situation indicates that this topic faces greater challenges than other topics that are already well-established in the literature, but also offers numerous research opportunities.
A choice experiment is a survey approach designed to elicit consumer preferences based on hypothetical markets. Choice experiments have been used for a long time to estimate consumer preferences and predict consumer behavior in market and non-market valuation studies. However, researchers are faced with a number of choices when designing a choice experiment. The purpose of this paper is to discuss some of the methodological issues that researchers face when designing choice experiments in non- market value analysis. A choice experiment is a survey approach designed to elicit consumer preferences based on hypothetical markets. Respondents are required to choose between multiple public or private goods. This choice is expected to occur by trading of the individual attributes of the different goods available, and choosing the good (or alternative) that provides the most utility. This approach to consumer behavior was first developed by Lancaster (1966), who states that the utility from a good is not derived from the good itself, but from its individual attributes. From a series of observed choices, a researcher then tries to infer the latent utility function. Traditionally, McFadden's random utility approach is used to describe the utility gained from a certain alternative on the basis of the attributes, utility weights for each attribute and a random error term to make the estimation of the utility weights feasible. However, in recent years, a number of other models have been developed which avoid some of the restrictive assumptions like the independence of irrelevant alternatives (IIA) assumption or the preference homogeneity The results of the study show that the choice experiment is a useful tool in non-market value analysis, but there are a number of methodological issues that need to be considered when designing a choice experiment. This paper presents a new methodological approach to non-market value analysis, which is based on the use of choice experiments to estimate the utility of the alternative.
People are willing to pay for nonuse or passive use of environmental benefits; however, these benefits are likely to be implicitly treated as zero unless their value is somehow estimated. Because people do not reveal their willingness to pay (WTP) for them through their purchases or by their behavior, the only option for estimating a value is by adopting questionnaire approach. Three questionnaire approaches are commonly used as follows: (1) Open-ended approach (respondent is asked to name the amount) (2) close-ended approaches (respondents are asked whether or not he/she would pay a single specified amount) and (3) sequential bids approach (uses first close-ending approach, then repeats this approach using a higher or lower amount depending on the initial response, and so on, until the decision on final amount is taken). Out of these three, the close-end approach generates a scenario similar to that encountered by consumers in their usual market transactions. The present study discusses a new approach based upon Logit model was used to estimate the value of intangible benefits arising from the afforestation activities of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Korba, Madhya Pradesh, India. Logit model is a simple, flexible, nonmarket valuation method which was originally proposed by Ciriacy - Wantrup (1947) as a method for valuation of extra market benefits of nonmarket goods. Logit model was used to estimate the value of intangible socioeconomic benefits arising from the afforestation activities. The results show that the total WTP of these intangible benefits is higher than the market value of these benefits. The value of the intangible benefits was found to be significantly higher than market value. This study is the first of its kind to apply the logit model for valuating intangible benefits arising from the afforestation activities in India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of China's marketization process on China's forestry economic growth, and to measure the status of forestry marketization. The measurement system of China's forestry marketization indicators is creatively constructed from three dimensions, including forestry factor marketization, forestry production marketization and forestry products marketization. Then, the statistical data from 1978 to 2016 are used to measure the status of forestry marketisation in China. In addition, the role of Forestry marketization in forestry economic growth is analyzed by constructing the Cobb-Douglas production function and establishing regression equations. The research shows that China's forestry marketization already has made obvious achievements in the process of the reform on marketization. At the same time, China's marketization process needs to be further promoted in an all-round way, and market-supporting reforms should be further explored. In addition, the role of Forestry marketization in forestry economic growth is analyzed by constructing the Cobb-Douglas production function and establishing regression equations. The results showed that Forestry Marketization was indeed an important driving force for China's forest economic growth. And, forestry capital investment, forest land investment and forestry science and technology progress also play important roles in promoting China's Forestry Economic Growth. The research provides an important reference model for the world, especially for other developing countries. The research shows that China's forestry marketization already has made obvious achievements in the process of the reform on marketization. At the same time, China's marketization process is needed to be further promoted in an all-round way, and market-supporting reforms should be further explored.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal empirically the perceived impact of climate change, human and institutional activities on forest depletion in the Greater Accra Region (GAR) of Ghana. An ordered probit econometric estimation technique is used to predict the key driver intensities of forest depletion. The study employs a survey approach to collect primary data and employs the GIS technique to substantiate this evidence. The study finds evidence that forest reserves in the GAR have experienced some degree of depletion. Human behaviour is found as the main driver of forest depletion, followed by climate change and then institutional failure. In all cases of climate change, human behaviour and institutional failure, there is an observed increasing order of effect, which implies that the higher these factors are perceived to be in rank, the more they are found to be hurt to forest resources. This is the first study to provide empirical evidence of urban forest depletion in the GAR of Ghana. It also unveils the perceived driver intensities of forest depletion.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of ultrafine dust (PM2.5) from their leaves and wax layers. This study estimated economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of ultrafine dust (PM2.5) by using the adsorption rate of PM2.2 and adsorptive capacity of coniferous trees. The economic benefits were estimated by using an economic value-at-risk (EVA) model. The results show that the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of PM2.5 can be estimated at a rate of US$2.4 million per year. The economic benefits are mainly attributable to the reduction of PM10 and PM2,542 ug/m3 per day and 15 ug per year, respectively. In addition, it is also found that urban trees have a higher adsorption rate of 80-90% compared to 50-80% for PM10, which is in line with previous studies. This study is one of the first to estimate the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of PM2.5 in Korea. The results of this study can be used as a guideline for policy makers to develop policies and the development of related technology to reduce air pollution.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to accept (WTA) for reforestation for environmental services as valued by local communities in the Shouf Biosphere Reserve in Lebanon. The study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a survey with a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the village communities in the Shouf Biosphere Reserve (SBR) and the Jabal Moussa Biosphere reserve (JMBR) in Lebanon. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to village communities. The respondents were asked to indicate their willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to accept (WTA) for reforestation initiatives on communal lands. The results showed that the WTP and WTA for reforestation for environmental services were significantly higher than for other environmental services. The WTP was higher than the WTA in the case of forest goods and services, while WTA was higher for ecosystem services. In addition, the respondents were willing to pay a higher WTP for forest services than for forest goods. However, they were not willing to accept a loss of ecosystem services due to the loss of forest services. This study is one of the first studies to use the stated preference method in the Lebanese context. It is also the first study to use a mixed-methods approach to assess the willingness to pay (WTP) and the WTA for reforestation for environmental services.
The Sundarbans mangrove ecosystem is now in captious position and is declining at an alarming rate. It is causing extinction more rapidly than inland tropical forests. The forest is declared as protected area and world heritage site in 1997 by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and hence, it gained immense popularity as a tourist destination for both domestic and international tourists. But unbridled and native anthropogenic avarice is receiving a heavy toll of this ecosystem. The purpose of this paper is to explore the willingness to pay (WTP) for ecosystem services, as a proxy for the conservation of SundarbANS mangroves, and to what extent the policy can be strengthened. A randomized conjoint experiment (RCA) approach was used to assess the value of ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey among the community people of this protected area. The survey data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis. A large number of the surveyed respondents were highly concerned about the ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest. They expressed deep interest to pay for further improvement of ecosystem services. They were willing to pay a minimum of Rs. 1,000 per annum for each ecosystem service. They also expressed a willingness to pay up to Rs. 2,000/year for the protection of the ecosystem. The majority of the respondents were also willing to contribute to the conservation of the Sundarban ecosystem. This study is the first of its kind that quantifies ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest and develops management strategy of ecosystem services for improved conservation. It is also the first study that uses conjoint approach to quantify the ecosystem services and develop management strategy for ecosystem services.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influencing factors on the quality of China's forestry exports to ten developed countries based on the New-New Trade Theory. Based on the New-New Trade Theory, the authors use the product unit value method to measure the quality of China's forestry exports to ten developed countries. The authors then apply the quality ladder endogenous growth model to identify the factors that could affect the quality level of the exports. The results show that the quality of China's exports to the developed countries is generally low. The quality of the exports to developed countries was relatively high. The results also show that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between the proportionation of international production segmentation and the quality improvement of exports by Chinese enterprises. Moreover, there is a positive and significant relationship between export technology and export quality. Based on the New-New Trade Theory, this study provides a new way to measure the quality of China's forestry exports and identify the influencing factors on the quality. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the development of the quality measurement method and methods of export product quality.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of different factors on forestry production, with an aim to explore the degree of connection between forestry economic growth and influencing factors such as forestry investment, labor input, afforestation area, scientific and technologies progress, and the reform of property-rights regimes. This paper uses continuous data collected in the last 38 years, which are quite extensive compared to data used in the existing research, considering the influencing factors are very comprehensive and complex, especially the impact of property right system reform on forestry economic growth. The grey correlation model was used to analyze the related input factors impact on forestry output value. Every input factor had different degree influences on Chinese forestry output. The results showed that Chinese forestry economic growth was mainly driven by capital investment and property system; particularly, the correlation of forestry investment in fixed assets and forestry production was the largest. On the one hand, it states that the investment infixed asset played a particularly important role in the rapid growth of China's forestry economy. In addition, it showed the lower impact factors in today's forestry industry development. This suggested that human and material resources still relied on a great deal of investment to maintain rapid growth and extensive development. Existing research has demonstrated only a few influencing factors, as the research data sequence used for analysis was relatively short. In addition, since regression analysis cannot analyze the effect degree of forestry economic growth by different influencing factors from the dynamic development trend in different years, the grey correlation analysis method is used for this paper, as it can analyze the changing trend of factors sequence according to its proximity of the curve shape.
The purpose of this paper is to show a theoretical mechanism that the environmental income drives the economic growth of a large open economy. The authors argue the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative economic income. The more resources can be reproduced, the higher per capita capital stock returns back to reproduction and nation's wealth. The environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth. The authors estimate the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative financial income. The authors demonstrate that the environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth. In China's case, it determines the future pathway of rural conversion to the era of eco-urbanization. The authors demonstrate that the environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth. In China's case, it determines the future pathway of rural conversion to the era of eco-urbanization. By examining the uncertain environmental impacts with population growth, the authors discuss the uncertain effectiveness of time preference changes for sustainable growth, and the relative savings from cost of environmental impacts are critical to capital accumulation over time. This research shows a theoretical mechanism that the environmental income drives the economic growth of a large open economy. The authors argue the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative economic income. The more renewable resources are reproduced, the higher relative environmentalincome is earned and the larger positive environmental externalities conciliate the negative externalities of overconsumption with increasing technology in the process of capital accumulation. Thus, the growth of both renewable resource stock and technology drives a sustainable manner.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discuss the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forest area changes, and propose the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of forestry land changes in the future. The paper provides a thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discusses the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forestry land changes, and proposes the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of forest area changes in the future. In the process of forest protection and utilization, under the constraints of ecological protection and social and economic development policies, the optimal allocation and design of forest utilization related to this content needs to be carried out to realize the dual objectives of ecological service function and social economic development. To achieve optimal forest land management, the integration of relevant basic data in various regions and departments can be achieved through unified data collection and processing standards. And multi-source data including remote sensing data, survey data, data collection standards and system integration can be used to improve the performance of dynamic monitoring and assessment of forestry area. Based on this, the paper provides thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discussed the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forestry land changes, and proposed the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of Forest Land Changes in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss city residents' future preferences and needs for making the improvement of Beijing's urban forest, and to explore their willingness to pay (WTP) for the improvement. This paper adopts a choice-experiment-method-based research approach to explore the preferences and needs of city residents for future urban forest improvement. The research design is based on a three-step approach, i.e. a choice experiment, a questionnaire survey and a focus group discussion, and the data were collected from city residents in Beijing, China. The results of the research show that the city residents' preferences and needs for future urban forest improvement are very similar to their "consciousness expression" (city residents' multidimensional awareness) and "activeness expression," which in turn, will be the embodiment of their "creativity expression." In addition, the results also show that city residents are willing to pay a certain amount of money for making the improvement of their urban forest. This paper is one of the first to explore the preferences and demand of city residents for making the improvement of their future urban forest in Beijing, China's capital city. This paper also contributes to the existing research on the city resident-based analysis of urban forest.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of insurance policy on forest insurance policy in China. In China, forest insurance is a popular way to reduce losses of forestry disasters, and forest insurance has been implemented in many countries, such as USA, Germany, Spain, Spain (Barreal et al., 2014), Portugal (Pinheiro and Ribeiro, 2013) and so on. With the significance of forest insurances, it is necessary to research on the strategy of forest insurance to expand the coverage rate further. In this paper, a simulation model is developed to simulate the insurance policy of forest insurance in China. The simulation model consists of two parts. First, the insurance premium and the insurance subsidy from the government are modeled, and then the insurance coverage rate is modeled. Second, the forest field area owned by the forest farmer is modeled and the forest farmers' purchasing decision on forest insurance is simulated. When the insurance premium decreases and the subsidy from government increases, more forest farmers will purchase forest insurance. According to simulation results, the larger forest field area owned by the forest farmer, the more tendency of purchasing forest insurance by forest farmer will be. When the government provides 100 percent subsidy to the forest insurance premium and all forest farmers join the insurance program, the insurance coverage rate will be 100 percent. Moreover, forest farmers with a large forestField area are more actively to purchase forest Insurance than those with a smallField Area. This study is one of the first studies on forest insurance policy simulation in China. The results of this study will be useful for the insurance companies and policy makers to improve the insurance coverage rate and increase the forest insurance coverage.
The purpose of this paper is to clarify the role of big data in China's sustainable forest management. Forest management is a complex system (ecological, economic and social) that involves massive data and various management activities, including those focused on the ecology of the ecosystem or on the economics of forest businesses. Big data generally refers to massive volumes of data not readily handled by the usual data tools and practices and presents unprecedented opportunities for advancing science and informing resource management through data-intensive approaches. This paper is based on a review of the literature on big data technology in China's sustainable forest management and discusses the applications of big data to research works on forest ecosystem. China's forestry resources development has been challenging due to serious problems such as shortage, inferiority and uneven distribution of forestry resources. The vast territory, huge population and widespread forest landscape of China have led to the numerous indexes and complex data; therefore, it is important to improve efficiency and accuracy of forest resources investigation and forest cover monitoring to ensure the sustainable development of the forestry resource. In this case, the theory and technology that are developed on the basis of big data can be widely applied to analyze China's Forestry Resources. This paper clarifies the role of big data in China's sustainable forest management and provides an overview of the current state of research on big data and its applications in forest management.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate a simple one-to-one supply chain in which the supplier has multiplicative uncertain supply and the producer faces cyclical market demand. In the centralized decision-making, it works out the optimal decision of supply, however, there is a difference between the supply of the supplier and the order quantity of the producer. Both of them aim at maximizing their own profit, so the double marginal effect emerged. To solve the problem, a contract is proposed. In this paper, the authors construct a two-stage supply chain model of one supplier and one manufacturer. The authors use mathematical modeling method and field research method to design an appropriate contract to realize the coordination of biomass molding fuel supply chain. And then they discuss the setting of contract parameters. On the basis of model analysis and numerical examples, the paper finds that under the condition of the producer taking the role of a leader, the wholesale price with shortage penalty scheme can realize the supply chain coordination only if the producer occupies the whole profit and the supplier almost gets no profit. The whole profit in decentralized system can be reallocated when the producer changes his order quantity. The authors propose a two-stage supply chain model of one supplier and one manufacturer of biomass molding fuel. In the centralized decision-making, it works out the optimal decision of supply, however, there is a difference between the supply of the supplier and the order quantity of the producer. Both of them aim at maximizing their own profit, so the double marginal effect emerged. To solve the problem, a contract of wholesale price with shortage penalty is proposed. By analyzing the model, the paper finds that the contract can coordinate this supply chain.
This study examines the historical cyclic pattern between globalization and deglobalization by Jones (2005), reviewing the ongoing debates in terms of origin, extension and consequences. The purpose of this study is to investigate the current degLobalization. In this study, the reduction of import share of the manufacturing industry in GDP was considered as a deglobalization variable. The KOF globalization index (1980-2017) data were used to compare and analyze two groups of developed and developing countries. The political global index among the economic, social and political global indices had a significant negative effect on deglocalization. The economic and social aspects did not have a significant direct effect. The main results demonstrate that KOF's globalization index (1980-2017) had a significant negative effect on deglobalization among the economic, social and political global indices. However, the economic and social aspects did not have a significant direct effect. There may be an indirect effect or "mediated effects with variables that are not included in this model," and further research is needed. Additionally, the negative influence of the political global index was greater for developed countries than developing countries. The results show the importance of the response to deglocalization on the political side of a country. This study suggests a model to determine empirical results and reasons for deglobalization at the national level. In this study, the reduction of import share of the manufacturing industry in GDP was considered as a deglocalization variable. The study researched which of the three KOF's globalization index factors, economic, social and political, has the greatest impact on degLobalization.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of organizational transformation as a determinant of corporate hospitality and its effect on corporate sustainability. This research was carried out at PT Pelabuhan Indonesia 1 Persero (Pelindo 1), one of the ports in Indonesia which is located in outer islands which make it directly adjacent to the high sea. This research was carried out at PT Pelabuhan Indonesia 1 Persero (Pelindo 1) which is one of the ports in Indonesia which is located in outer islands which make it directly adjacent to the high sea and other countries. This research was conducted at the port, where corporate hospitality is a discipline that is a new form of hybrid organization by combining different elements from different institutional logic. This study was conducted in the context of organizational transformation, corporate hospitality and corporate sustainability. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the employees of the company. The results of this research show that the organizational transformation is a determinant of corporate hospitality and its effect on corporate sustainability. The results also show that corporate hospitality has a positive and significant effect on the corporate sustainability of the company. This research is one of the few research conducted on hospitality at the airport. Several previous researchers have studied the hospitality at airport (Albeshrati and Ahmad, 2015), and several other researchers conducted mostly the research on hospital and hotel objects. This research was carried out at the port, where corporate hospitality is a discipline where a new form of hybrid organization by combining elements from different institutional logic (Pacheco and Santos, 2013). This research is also relevant to all forms of organizations state-owned enterprises, family-based businesses, cooperatives, non-profit companies.
This study attempts to look at the relationship between corporate governance and risk management of Indonesian banks. This study is contributing to the existing little literature. While bank risk management was measured by four risks that can be measured quantitatively: operational risk, market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The study is based on a sample of Indonesian banks listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) over the period of 2010-2016. The sample consists of banks listed in the Indonesian Stock Exchange from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2016. This study uses a panel data regression model to examine the relationship between corporate governance and risk management. The results showed that corporate governance in banks is able to influence bank operational risk management, liquidity risk management and market risk management. Furthermore, credit risk management at a bank with first governance rating is different from that of bank with third governance rating. Liquidity risk management is different at bank with second governance rating, and banks that have second governance ranking are also different from the bank with the first governance ranking. However, it is not found that any governance-rated bank has no difference in terms of risk management of market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. This study contributes to the existing little literature on the relationship between corporate governance and risk management of Indonesian banks. The results showed that corporate governance in banks is able to influence bank operational risk management, liquidity risk managements, market risk management and credit risk management. The value of governance composites is very useful for researchers to examine the influence of corporate governance on risk management in banks.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions on economic growth and development in India. It also examines the role of foreign direct investment (FDI) as a key determinant of environmental sustainability. The study uses panel data for the period 1980-2013 to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions from total energy consumption, as well as from petroleum consumption on India's GDP growth rate and carbon emissions. The results of the study indicate that the relationship between environmental sustainability and economic growth in India is positive and statistically significant. Further, it is also found that environmental sustainability has a positive and significant impact on the flow of foreign direct investment (FDI) to India. However, the positive impact of environmental sustainability on FDI is found to be insignificant. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions on economic growth and FDI in India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors that influence software and service exports from India both positively and negatively. Such a study is important to understand in depth the impact of each determinant on software export, for formulation of policy measures for sustainability and competitiveness of the Indian IT industry. In this paper, the researcher uses annual time series data to investigate both the short-run and long-run dynamics of IT software and service exports in the context of IT, human capital, exchange rate, investment in IT, external demand and openness index. The study also investigates the long-term equilibrium relationship among the variables and to make the results more robust, all the variables are included in the same order, both in the Granger-based cointegration test and bound-based test. The direction and magnitude of long run coefficients and associated error correction mechanism were estimated using ARDL procedure. The results of the study indicate that the long-run equilibrium relationship among the variables is found to be positive and significant. The direction and magnitude of long- run error correction mechanism are also significant. In the short-run, human capital, investment in IT, external demand and openness index are found to have a significant positive impact on software and service exports from India. The long-term equilibrium relationship between the variables, however, is found negative and insignificant. This paper is the first of its kind to empirically analyze the determinants of IT software and service exports from India. It is also one of the few studies that uses firm-level data for analysis.
This research aims to empirically examine the roles of foreign direct investment (FDI, financial development, democracy and political instability on the growth of the West African subregion. Using the dynamic fixed effects approach, the authors use the panel data for 11 countries in the West African subregion for the period 1996-2016. The authors employ the technique of unit root of Pesaran (2007) to test for cross-sectional dependence. Using the dynamic fixed effects estimates obtained for 11 countries in the subregion, dated 1996-2016, the empirical findings suggest that even though no significant positive relationship exists between democracy and economic growth, there is a positive relationship between FDI, financial development, democracy and political instability on economic growth. The study is the first to jointly examine these important growth determinants, especially in the West African subregion. The use of the technique of unit root of Pesaran (2007) is also a deviation from several existing studies. One advantage of this technique over others is that being a second-generation test, it tests variable unit root in the presence of cross-sectional dependence. As such, it controls for contemporaneous correlation.
The purpose of this paper is to review issues and challenges regarding development finance, using literature survey and case study, to show what has been done so far on the development finance particularly on the blended financing including blended insurance. Blended finance is a strategic development finance for mobilization of additional finance towards sustainable development in developing countries. - The paper is based on a literature survey and case study to show what has been done so far on development finance, particularly on the blended financing including blended insurance. Blended finance is a growing, indispensable financial method for development project, in particular for SDG, but not a panacea. The development gaps in low-income markets are huge. Investor appetite cannot be stimulated by de-risking efforts at the project level alone. Transparency, incentive control, sector and macro-level policy reforms and good governance are critical to creating markets that will unlock sustainable private sector investment. And blended insurance is another area to take a public attention in the development area which has a slightly different logical background and roles. - This paper may be a major contribution of this paper in filling the niche of existing research on blended insurance. The paper summarizes development finance, blended finance and insurance which is growing in size and in popularity in global society as a remedy for sustainable development.
This study examines the possibility of active participation in waste separation through the investigation of the external and internal stimuli of targeted household in parts of China where 190 million tons of municipal solid waste (MSW) is produced, which accounts for 29% of the world's MSW. Public policy is a very important driving force to trigger people's environmental behavioral change. However, even with a strong authority like China trying to enforce waste separation policies, the separation of waste is not happening at the ground level. According to the ABC theory (attitude, behavior and conditions), closer facilitating condition will result in high participation rates, independent of attitudes, while inadequate accessibility will result on low participation rate despite the positive attitude toward waste separation. An empirical study in Nanning city residential area in China has been conducted. The experimental scale was small for the first two years, and the outcomes were not desirable. New adjustments were made gradually and the experimental sites were expanded to more residential communities in the past few years. From the empirical results, we drew several important intellectual points of discussion. The results of the empirical study showed that waste separation attitude and behavioral intention toward waste separation are influenced by the external and internal stimuli. The external stimuli are the degree of acceptance of the waste separation policy and the perceived effectiveness of public policy, which, in turn, influence the intention to engage in waste separation behavior. The internal stimulus is the extent an individual accepts the policy and its perceived effectiveness. The effect of the external stimuli on waste separation behavioral intention was found to be positive. The results of this study will provide relevant authorities in China and other developing countries with information to enhance their present and future policy directions for a sustainable household waste separation management process.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the nexus between financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth in the BRICS economies. The main rationale behind pursuing this objective is to show how BRICS countries can benefit from development of financial sector and liberalization of financial services. The study uses a panel data set of five BRICS economies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The study uses panel data analysis to examine the relationship between financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth in the case of BRICS countries. The authors find that overall financial development (the combination of all banking, stock market, bond market, insurance sector and bond market development) has a causal relationship with economic growth in the case of BRICS economies. In fact, after relaxing the issue of cross sectional dependence, it is found that openness in financial services trade affects growth with respect to the development of financial sector. For example, the result of openness infinancial services trade turn out to be positive when financial development is measured as stock market development, Bond market development and insurance sector development. Therefore, it can be argued that in countries with higher stock, bond and insurance market development more openness in the financial services enhances economic growth, while in countries With less stock, Bond and Insurance market development the ability of financial openness to facilitate growth is feeble. This paper contributes to the literature by providing recent evidence on the relationship amongst financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth using a panel data set of BRICS economies. In fact, after relaxing the issue of cross sectional dependence, the authors find that openness infinancial services trade affects growth with respect to the development of financial sector.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the motivation behind the construction of China's partnership network. The authors argue that at least three factors have been driving the evolution of the network: the necessity of countering the US pressure; the requirement of maintaining peace and stability along its borders; and the desire to achieve the long-term goal of modernization. The authors conduct a quantitative analysis to examine the factors that systematically influence the building of China's partnership network as we see today. The authors use a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The authors find that three factors drive China's choice. First, facing the USA as the only super power in the post-Cold War era, China seeks to rely on its partners to counter US pressure. Such a motivation grows even stronger when the relative power of the USA over China increases. Second, China puts a great emphasis on promoting cooperation with its neighboring countries through the partnerships. Finally, countries that can contribute to China's modernization efforts are more likely to become its partner. This is the first study to examine the evolution of China's partnership network and the factors that systematically influence the building of partnership network as we see today. In addition to its comprehensiveness, the network consists of different stratifications, going from regular partnership to comprehensive strategic partnership.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of foreign debt from the perspective of the policy-making power dynamics between the executive and the legislature, a relatively understudied area for political scientists. The authors conceptualize foreign debt as a product of an interaction between re-election-minded executives and congressional legislators, assuming that both pursue distributive or particularistic politics to stay in office longer. Based on a cross-sectional, time-series data analysis of 68 developing countries during the period from 1981 to 1999, the authors uncover that the relationship between the distribution of legislative constraints and foreign debt is indeed curvilinear. By bridging the veto players theory with other institutional approaches, the paper offers a novel conceptual link between legislative constraints, the number of legislative veto players, their preferences and their cohesion. The authors find that the relationship between the distribution of legislative constraints and foreign debt is indeed curvilinear. In highly constrained developing countries in which legislative constraints outweigh the executive's veto power, the rate of change in foreign debt increases because multiple legislative veto players are likely to increase spending for their particular constituents. However, in developing countries where the policy-making power is equally distributed between the executive and the legislature, it is likely to be low because power parity hinders each institution from fueling the impulse to particularism. This is the first study that explores the determinants of foreign debt from the perspective of the policy-making power dynamics between the executive and the legislature, a relatively understudied area for political scientists.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between software and services export, information technology (IT) investment and Gross Domestic Product (GDP) nexus in India using the VECM framework. The study uses the VECM framework to analyze the relationship between software and services export, IT investment and GDP nexus in India. The study uses a panel data set of India covering the period of 1990-2016. The findings of the study indicate that the IT sector in India has made an enormous contribution toward the Indian economy in terms of increments in macro-economic indicators, such as national income, national income balance, the balance of payment and total employment. The success of the IT industry in the post-globalization period has changed the Indian Economy enormously as a source of economic growth, total employment and standard of living of people. The IT sector has become one of the most dynamic and vibrant sectors in India's economy. It is the single largest contributor to services exports. It has become a key source of employment creation and economic growth in India. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between IT investment, software and services export, IT investment and GDP nexus in India using VECM framework.
The purpose of this paper is to ask which of the four possible paths in the immediate and mid-term future of the European Union (EU) are most likely to unfold. In order to answer this question the author will use strategic interaction analysis. The author uses strategic interaction analysis, as developed by Lake and Powell (1999). Strategic interaction analysis distinguishes between two elements of strategic interaction: actors and their environments. On the actor side, actors are assumed to have preferences, defined simply as how they rank the possible outcomes defined by the environment. Actors' situational preferences consist of the ranking of preferred outcomes in more specific situations and depend upon the particular problem constellation and constellation of actors. The second attribute of an actor are its prior beliefs about the preferences of other actors. In particular, when actors are uncertain, these beliefs are crucial for the decision about which strategy to choose, and, in consequence, for the outcome of interaction. From the analysis of the political dynamics resulting from actors' preferences, macro conditions and given institutional rules, it is concluded that of the four possible paths, path 2 of differentiated integration, multi-tier Europe and path 3 of a continuing covert incremental integration, rather than the political path 1 of a political union or disintegration/dissolution, are the most likely to happen. The author uses strategic interaction analysis, as developed by Lake and Powell (1999), to derive conclusions or hypotheses about the likely outcome of the interaction. Using this analytic scheme, the author asks: how plausible are the four different developments described above?
The purpose of this paper is to analyse international political economy (IPE) thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods. The paper analyses IPE thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods during which distinct IPE thoughts emerged. The first period is the eighteenth century, when Silhak, a new intellectual movement calling for the reform of traditional Korean society, arose. The second period is of the middle to late nineteenth century when Korea faced foreign threats and as a result eventually opened its doors to the world. The final period is that of colonial Korea (1910-1945) under imperial Japan, a time in which economic nationalist movements were pursued whilst Marxist theories were also introduced to the country. The analysis in this paper shows that IPE thoughts analogous to Western economic liberalism and economic nationalism did emerge endogenously in Korea when it faced environments similar to those in which these Western thoughts arose, albeit in ways that reflected Korea's particular situations during the times concerned. This research also confirms that "economic" ideas are in essence "political economic" ones, showing thereby that the " economic" thoughts of the Koreans in these periods were largely shaped by their political thoughts. This paper is the first attempt to analyse IPE thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods during which distinct IPE thoughts emerged. It also confirms that "economic" ideas are in essence "political economic" ones.
The purpose of this paper is to offer an explanation of the underlying cause of the Sino-US trade war. In an effort to make sense of the trade war, the paper draws the insights from two international relations theories - i.e. hegemonic stability theory (HST) and power transition theory (PTT). Its central thesis is that "US fear" about its declining hegemony and China's rapid rise as a challenger of US hegemony is driving a US-launched trade war with China. The paper draws the insights from the two international relations theories - i.e. hegemonic stability theory (HST) and power transition theory (PTT). Its central thesis is that "US fear" about its declining hegemony and China's rapid rise as a challenger of US hegemony is driving a US- launched trade war with China. The underlying cause of the trade war between the world's two largest economies is political (i.e. the Sino-US hegemonic rivalry) rather than economic (e.g. US attempts to improve the trade balance with China by imposing tariffs on Chinese goods), the article contends that the full understanding of thetrade war requires close attention to the importance of power competition between the two superpowers. As China continues to threaten US hegemony in the world in general and East Asia in particular, the US-China competition for hegemony will intensify over time. A s a result, the tradewar between the USA and China may persist longer than many anticipate. Further, even if the tradeWar between the US and China ends soon, a similar type of conflict is likely to occur later as long as the S Chinese-US competition for global hegemony continues. This paper is the first attempt to explain the underlying cause of the Sino-US trade war on the basis of HST and PTT. It is also one of the first attempts to predict the US-China trade war.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change-induced flood on the urban infrastructure in Bangladesh. The study aims to identify the exposure of urban infrastructure to climate change in the case of monsoon flood in Bangladesh, which will directly affect infrastructure, livelihoods, agriculture environment and people. The study is based on a case study conducted in the city of Dhaka, Bangladesh. The study was carried out using a mixed-methods approach. First, a survey was conducted to identify the vulnerability of urban infrastructure in the case of climate change-induced flood. Second, a questionnaire was distributed to the residents of the affected areas to assess the extent of exposure of the urban infrastructure to future flood. Third, the vulnerability analysis was conducted by using the data collected from the survey. Finally, the study was conducted with the help of the experts of the municipal authorities. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. The findings of the study revealed that the city of Dhaka is at the highest risk of being inundated by climate change-induced flood in the near future. The study also revealed that there is a need to develop a comprehensive flood risk assessment model for the city. It was also found that the study can help the municipal authorities to identify the areas that are most at risk of flood-induced disaster. This study is one of the first of its kind to examine the impact of climate change-induced flood on urban infrastructure at the municipal level in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries in the face of future climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality of forest habitat in response of habitat structure, composition and several ecological factors. The main scope of the study is to clarify the forest patch wise elephant habitat suitability measurement under PFD. For that purpose, the study investigates forest landscape and its ecological phenomenon related to the elephant habitat performance in the study area. In this viewpoint, the study tries to investigate and measure the compositional quality by geospatial methods of isolated forest patch for understanding the habitat qualities. For that purpose, the present study investigates forest landscape and its ecological phenomenon related to the elephant habitat performance in the study area. After completing the analysis, the authors shall predict that Jaypur-i, Kalabagan, Tangra, Chandra, Taini, Chandrapur and Peardoba forest patches will act as a home range for elephant. It was found that the forest patch of Panchet forest division is suitable for elephant's resting and hiding condition. It was also found that Jaypur-i, Kalabagan, Kalangra, Taganaganj, Chandra, Chandrapur and Peardia forest patches are suitable for foraging, foraging and corridor selection. However, Jaypur forest patch is not suitable for resting and foraging due to lack of space. This study is the first of its kind to quantify the habitat suitability of forest patch for elephant in Panchet forest division of West Bengal. It is also one of the few studies to measure the quality of forest habitat by using PFD.
Groundwater is the primary source of water for domestic, agricultural and industrial uses in many countries. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the hydrochemical quality of groundwater in the Ardabil aquifer in order to assess the suitability of the waters for different uses. Groundwater samples were collected from the Ardabil aquifer and analyzed for hydrogeochemical characteristics using the method of hydrogeochemistry. The water samples were analyzed for their chemical composition using the hydrochemical method of sodium chloride (Na-Cl) and calcium chloride (Ca-Mg-HCO3). The results of the study indicate that the hydrochemical types Na-Cl and Ca-Mg-HCO3 dominate the largest part of the studied area. The major cations in the studied groundwater are in the decreasing order as Na+ > Ca2+ > Mg2- > K+. The anions are also arranged in decreasing order of SO42- > Cl- > HCO3. Groundwater in the study area is generally alkaline in nature. Assessment of water samples according to exceeding the permissible limits prescribed by WHO for drinking purposes indicated that in all the samples, the concentrations of cations and anion are below the maximum acceptable level for drinking waters. The total hardness indicated that 98.66% of groundwater samples fell in the soft water category. According to SAR index, all of groundwaters belong to the excellent category and hence can be used safely for irrigation. This study is one of the first attempts to evaluate the hydrochemical characteristics of groundwater in the Ardabil region, Iran. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the management of water resources in the region.
The purpose of this paper is to model and predict mammalian herbivore species relative abundance and distribution in semi-arid savanna Gonarezhou National Park (GNP), south eastern Zimbabwe. The authors used a mixed methods approach to model and predict mammalian herbivore species relative abundance and distribution in semi-arid savanna Gonarezhou National Park (GNP) in south eastern Zimbabwe. Data were collected from an aerial survey conducted in 2013-2014. The data were analysed using Lognormal curve, broken stick log series, geometric series models and rank-abundance plots. Mammalian herbivore species were found to be abundant in GNP. Common species were at the high abundance level and rare species at the intermediate and low abundance level. Large common species were more common than small rare species. The distributional patterns of species were similar across the three spatial areas. The probability of occurrence of common species was higher than that of rare and common species. A positive relationship was found between species abundance and the spatial distribution of species. This is the first study to model and predict the relative abundance and distribution of mammalian herbivore species in GNP using available aerial survey data.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of Piper betle extract (P. betle) as a plant-origin piscicide to enhance the growth performance of juvenile tilapia under static exposure. In this study, juvenile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) were cultured in the presence of P. betle extract under static exposure. The fish was subjected to acute-lethal toxicity test (OLT) using the T-test. The toxicity test was carried out on the juvenile fish by using the LISREL 10.0. P. betle extract was found to be effective in inhibiting the growth of the juvenile tilapia under static exposure. It was also found that the toxicity of the extract was significantly higher than that of the control group (p<0.05). The results of the acute-lethal toxicity test showed that the extract of P. betel leaf extract was more toxic to the juvenile Tilapia (p=0.01) compared to the control (p = 0.01). However, no significant difference was found between the two groups in terms of toxicity levels. This study is one of the first studies to evaluate the effectiveness of P. betle extract as a natural piscicide in fish farming and aquaculture. The results of this study can be used as a reference for fish farmers and researchers in the field of fish farming, especially in developing countries such as Malaysia.
Rooftop gardening is regarded as a part of urban farming with potential to solve food security problems. The purpose of this paper is to assess urban rooftop farming from an economic point of view; the study on this topic is for recording people's attitude toward rooftop gardening in Dhulikhel area. The study was conducted in Dhulikhel, a city in the northern part of Pakistan. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed among the residents of DhulIKhel. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The population of the study was selected based on the convenience sampling method. A total of 200 questionnaires were distributed among residents of the area. Of the total number of questionnaires distributed, a total of 150 were returned. In the study area, all of the respondents found rooftop farming beneficial though some obstacles are hindering the respondents to commence rooftop farming. Television was found to be the main source of people's knowledge of rooftop gardening. Urban waste such as plastic bags, polythene sheets, fish carats, bottles, cans and jars were found to been used for planting and household vegetable waste was used as compost. Constraints of rooftop farming were encountered in the study areas. People's perception regarding damage of roof, lack of knowledge and busy in their daily schedule were reported, thus necessary plans have to be adopted to encourage people for rooftop garden. Rooftop gardening is regarded as a part of urban farming with potential to solve food security problems. It facilities a diverse group of people that seeks farming not only as a source of food availability but also as a means to improve existing social problems such as unemployment. However, regarding rooftop farming, necessary plans and policies should be formulated by the government as much of the respondents do have rooftop farms but good agricultural practices are lacking.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the existing problems faced by Pakistani women farmers in agriculture sector for the sake of sustainable management of natural resources. It has concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces. This paper is based on the review of available literature on natural resource management, which reflects the involvement of Pakistan communities living in different regions for sustainable management in agriculture, forestry and livestock sectors differentiated by women. It has concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women farmers in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development, all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces. It has been concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women farmers in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development, all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces. They participated in the overall majority of on-farm and off-farm activities. Due to socio-economics, cultural milieu and technological obstacles such as lack of decision-making, no availability of desired needs, very strange family behavior, lack of knowledge about modernized agriculture technologies, there are no opportunities such as training of most advanced launched technologies for the sake of better crop production, dairy and fisheries sector sustainable development, as well as the availability of microfinance to support the women farmers to make them self-dependent. This paper is an attempt to cover available literature on natural resource management, which reflects the involvement of Pakistan communities living in different regions for sustainable management in agriculture, forestry and livestock sectors differentiated by women. The participation and responsibilities of women change as the geographic area changes, along with variation in local customs, norms and traditional values. That is why, in this study women role for agriculture sector in four provinces or two regions of Pakistan is highlighted.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the factors that influence the intention of households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes in Malaysia. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results show that the intention of the households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes is influenced by the following factors: awareness of recycling, norms, availability of infrastructures and disposal services, housing conditions and economic benefits, information about the potential toxicity of e-waste and previous experience in recycling e-Waste. In addition, gender and marital status are also significant predictors of disposal behavior. This study is one of the first studies to analyze the intention of the households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes in Malaysia. It is also the first study to use the TPB model to identify factors that influence households' decision on e-waste disposal.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review on the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediment of Peninsular Malaysia. The study is based on a systematic review of the literature on the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediment of Peninsular Malaysia. The data were collected from various sources, such as sediment samples collected from rivers, estuaries and coastal areas in the states of Selangor, Negeri Sembilan, Sarawak, Kedah and Penang. The sediments were analysed for heavy metal concentrations in sediment using different analytical techniques, including total amount of heavy metal concentration, total heavy metal content, metal-specific heavy metals and total heavy metals. It was found that heavy metal concentrations in coastal sediments of Peninsular Malaysia have increased significantly in recent years. The major sources of heavy metal contamination are from agriculture, industries, urban development and other land-based activities such as mining, industry, agriculture, water treatment plants and sewage sludge. It was also found that the concentration of heavy metals in sediments has increased significantly over the past few decades. This study is the first of its kind in Peninsular Malaysia to examine the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediments of Peninular Malaysia. It will be useful for the researchers and policy makers to understand the sources of heavy metal contamination in coastal sediment and to take appropriate measures to protect the environment.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the probability of rip current occurrence at selected recreational beaches along Pahang coastline. This study applied beach morphodynamic state that uses dimensionless fall velocity O model to estimate the preliminary rip currents beaches along Kuantan coastline. The beaches were selected from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP) coastline. Results indicate four out of five recreational beaches have higher potential in developing rip current. These are the coastline areas covering from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP). The results from this study demonstrate a consistent trend with field observation study as well as drowning incidents reported by media and newspapers. This study applied beach morphodynamic state that uses dimensionless fall velocity O model to estimate the preliminary rip currents beaches along Kuantan coastline. Results indicate four out of five recreational beaches have higher potential in developing rip current. These are the coastline areas covering from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP). The results from this study demonstrate a consistent trend with field observation study as well as drowning incidents reported by newspapers.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the carbon footprint of the whole life cycle of the textile industry and the carbon emission reduction of China's textile industry, so as to improve the environmental value of products and then put forward suggestions for energy conservation and emission reduction. Based on the life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the method, the research shall refine the accounting method of textile products and improve the accuracy of the list, make the accounting process traceable and compare the industrial carbon footprint in the textile industry, and then put forward suggestions for energy conservation and emission reduction. Based on the existing analytical methods and research results of carbon footprint in textile industry and the existing problems, this paper will suggest the improvement measures to reduce the carbon footprint of the textile industry with life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the analysis method. Based on the existing analytical methods and research results of carbon footprint in textile industry and the existing problems, this paper will suggest the improvement measures to reduce the carbon footprint of the textile industry with life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the analysis method.
The purpose of this paper is to examine avian diversity in residential and forested areas in Terengganu, West Peninsular Malaysia. The study was conducted in Terengganu, West Peninsular Malaysia. Data were collected from a total of 2,000 bird observations that were conducted in two residential areas and two forested areas. The data were analysed using the bird population count method. The population was divided into two groups, namely, forest birds and urban birds. The findings reveal that the occurrence of forest birds in residential areas is higher than that in primary and secondary forests. In addition, there is a significant overlap between forested and residential areas in Terengganu. The occurrence of urban birds is higher in residential than forested areas. The study also reveals that urban birds are more likely to be found in areas with grasshoppers, locusts and crickets. This study is one of the few studies that overlapped findings in suburban and residential areas in Terengganu, Malaysia. It provides baseline information on the existence and types of birds within the region of coverage.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita using a quantile regression method. For this purpose, the study is using data collected from a survey on respondents who are the participants of AIM program using convenience sampling in Perak and Kelantan. As oppose to the simple linear regression method, this study uses rigorous statistical tools to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita using a quantile regression method. The empirical results show that value of asset, value of loan, household size, ratio of spending to income and dummy state are consistently giving similar impacts on per capita income of participants at different quantiles. However, age negatively and significantly affects per capita Income only at middle and lower quantiles but not at higher quantile of per capitaincome. The results indicate that young participants of AIM contribute to higher per capita incomes when per capita level of income is at lower and middle levels but not in higher quantiles of income distribution. To the best of the authors' knowledge, studies which analyze the determinants of income generating from microfinance using quantile regression have been non-existent in Malaysia. As oppose to the simple linear regression method, this study uses rigorous statistical tools to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the profitability and optimal debt ratio of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area and to identify the factors that affect it. For the study purposes, ROE is applied as a measure of profitability, while the independent variables include firm's size, accruals, the Eurozone's Economic Sentiment Indicator, growth domestic product (GDP) growth rate per capita and the European Central Bank (ECB) key interest rate, a dummy variable for the crisis, as well as the debt ratio and its square. The results show that the optimal debt ratio of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area has a positive effect on the firm's profitability, while it has a negative impact on the level of financial leverage. Moreover, it is found that the optimum debt ratio is positively related to firm's size, accruals, the Eurozone's Economic Sentiment Indicator, growth domestic product (GDP) growth rate per capita and the European Central Bank (ECB) key interest rate. This is the first study that considers the optimal debt ratio as a function of the profitability of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area. It is also the first one that uses the Eurozone Economic Sentiment Indicator as a dummy variable for the crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of environmental, social and governance (ESG) scores on portfolio performance in Europe and Turkey. This study also investigates the impact of ESG scores on the performance of the portfolios of European and Turkish investors. This study is based on a sample of 1,000 European and Turkish companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) over a period of five years. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies' annual reports for the period 2010-2017. The ESG scores of these companies were measured using the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) index. The performance of the portfolio was measured by the return on assets (ROA) and return on equity (ROE) using the Sharpe ratio. The sample was divided into two groups, i.e. European and Turkey. The results of the study indicate that there is no significant effect of ESG scores on portfolio performance. However, there is a positive effect of the social dimension of SRI on the performance of the portfolio. The results also indicate that the impact of social dimension on the portfolio performance is higher in Turkey than in Europe. This study is one of the first studies that investigate the effect of ESG scores on portfolio performance in Europe and Turkey. The results of this study can be used as a reference for investors and investment companies in the area of sustainability.
This comparative study is intended to offer a contribution to the literature relating to return predictability on various accounts: (1) the authors undertake a cross-sectional comparison between emerging and developed markets to analyse whether the nature of the predictability differs across these groups, (2) they extend the existing empirical evidence to encompass data which reflects more recent developments which significantly impacted on financial markets, and (3) they present empirical evidence which may be used to attain a more thorough interpretation of current perspectives regarding the links between predictability and market efficiency. The authors conduct variance ratio (VR) tests in order to assess whether stock returns follow a random walk. Then the authors apply Granger-Causality modelling to investigate specific serial dependencies in stock index data. Such dependencies include the relationship of the fluctuations of a country index with its own lags, as well as the trading days required to adjust to overseas developments as approximated by a global stock index. The randomness or otherwise of stock market returns is also assessed through runs which consider whether fluctuations change as frequently as one would expect in a randomly generated series. The authors find that the predictability of stock returns differs significantly between emerging and developed markets. In particular, emerging markets are found to be less predictable than developed ones. The authors also find that there are significant differences in the nature of predictability across markets, which may be due to the fact that emerging markets tend to be more liquid, more volatile and more volatile than their established counterparts. This study is the first to compare the return predictability of ten established markets and ten emerging ones for the period January 2004-December 2018. It also extends the existing empirical evidence to encompass data which reflects more recent developments which significantly impacted on financial markets.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the capital structure of firms in an Islamic equity index with a special emphasis on the differences between developed and developing country firms. - The paper estimates panel regressions on the firms included in the Dow Jones Islamic Market World Index (DJIM) from 56 countries using 28,543 firm-year observations. Using year dummies, the paper investigates the effect of the 2008 financial crisis on capital structure. - The results indicate that the determinants of capital structures of the "Islamic" firms are not that different from those of non-Islamic firms established in the prior literature. However, differences arise between " Islamic" firms in developed countries and those in developing countries. Specifically, the authors find that debt ratios of "Islamic") firms are higher in countries which have both developed capital and banking sectors whereas in developing country this effect seems to be insignificant. The authors also show that some of the differences between developed and developing country firms can be explained by the presence of Muslim-majority countries in the second group. - To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first to analyze the capital structure of "Islamic" companies by differentiating for its country of origin with respect to its economic development and Muslim-majority statuses and does so with a larger data set compared to previous research.
Intermediary institutions (IIs) are one of the most significant institutions holding a key role in the financial system and Borsa Istanbul (BIST), which is Turkish stock exchange and a developing capital market. Since the efficient and well-productive IIs carry this market further and support the development of the economic growth, the efficiency and productivity analysis play a crucial role in order to determine the improvement areas of IIs and generate a roadmap for the sector. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the efficiency of Turkish IIs between 2008 and 2018. In this study, input-oriented DEA-CCR model is used for efficiency analysis and Malmquist productivity index is used to analyze the efficiency and productivity of IIs. The results show that the efficiency and productivity of IIs in Turkish capital market is in a developing trend. The efficiency analysis shows that IIs operating in Turkey are efficient and well-productive. The productivity analysis shows the efficiency of the IIs is in line with investor expectations and investor expectations. This study contributes to the literature on efficiency and productivity analysis for IIs by using input-oriented DEA-CCR model for efficiency analysis and Malmquist index model for productivity analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of the implementation of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. It undertakes an in-depth examination of the progress towards implementation in the case of the European Union (EU). It also provides policy implications for policymakers and practitioners. This paper undertakes a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. It also undertakes an in-depth examination of the implementation progress of the key BaselIV standards in the case of the European Union. The paper finds that the implementation of Basel IV in the EU is moving slower than anticipated, with the European Union (EU) being an exception where those standards are being implemented through the revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR 2 and Directive (CRD 5) and the updated Pillar 3 disclosure requirements, both of which are beyond the scope of this article. This is partially driven by the European Banking Authority's (EBA's) reports, recommending the full implementation of the final Basel III framework in theEU in response to the European Commission's call for technical advice in May 2018. This article makes three main contributions to the literature on financial regulations: firstly, it provides a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. Secondly, it undertakes an in-depth examination of the implementation of the BaselIV standards in the case of the EU. Finally, it offers policy implications for policymakers and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of cash dividends on the market value of banks listed on Middle East and North Africa (MENA) stock markets over the period of 2000-2015 by employing residual income model. The study employs the residual income model (an accounting model) that is widely accepted among academicians in an accounting field which is different to previous empirical works that were applied (dividend discount model, capital assets pricing model and event study). These models are widely used in a finance field. The results show that the Ohlson residual income model is more appropriate in explaining the market value behavior of banks listed in MENA emerging markets compared to the pooled ordinary least square (OLS) model. In addition, the results indicate that the OLS model has a better explanatory power than the panel (random effects and fixed effects) model in explaining market value of banks in the region. The present study contributes to the financial literature in several aspects. First, this study is the first of its kind - up to the author's knowledge - that examines a large cross-country sample of MENA banks (144) to cover a long time period in the recent past, and, more importantly, after the banking sector in the region has experienced major transformations during last two decades. Second, most of the MENA region countries included in this study, namely, banks, operate in tax-free environments (there are neither taxes on dividends nor on capital gains). This feature adds complexity to the ongoing dividend debate. Third, the study examines dividends issue by applying the residual income model (an accounting model) that is widely accepted among academicians in an accounting field which is different to previous empirical works that were applied (dividend discount model, capital assets pricing model, event study and event study).
The purpose of this paper is to apply the core of the argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance (Lorsch, 2000). The paper is a contribution to a specific discussion on sustainability, stakeholder Management, capital markets and corporate governance. The paper is a theoretical and conceptual research paper. The paper applies the core of the argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance. The paper emphasizes the close relation between corporate citizenship, stakeholder management and CSR for development of strategies developing capital markets for ethical investments in the SDGs. From this perspective, it is wrong to limit corporate governance to concern a close focus on concern between owners and management, because there is an increased focus on the social legitimacy of the corporation in the future. This conceptual paper applies the core of the author's argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, CSR and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance. This approach makes it possible to integrate corporate citizenship and business ethics with good governance of the firm as the basis for improving the investment and capital value of firms for owners and investors.
- The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of political instability driven by the Tunisian revolution on the relationship between Google search queries index and financial market dynamics. - First, by using the DCC-GARCH model, the authors examine the effect of investor sentiment on the Tunisian stock market return. The parameters of this model can easily be estimated, and the model can be evaluated and used in straightforward way. Second, the fully modified dynamic ordinary least square method (FMOL) is employed to estimate the long-term relationship between investor sentiment and Tunisian Stock Market return. More precisely, this particular model intent to identify the long run cointegration among Google search queries index and return index. Finally, the wavelet coherence model is used to test the comovement between investor sentiments measured by Google Trends and Tunisia's stock market returns. - The results show that there is a long-run cointegration among Google search queries index and return index. The results also show that the long-term relationship between investor sentiment and Tunisian stock market return is positive and significant. Meanwhile, the results indicate that investor sentiment has a strong impact on the Tunisian market returns and volatility during the period of turmoil and political instability. In addition, it is also found that the frequency of Google search has a significant impact on investor sentiment. - This paper uses the volume of Google search to proxy the investor attention due to reason that Google's search data are easy accessible and free available to investors. It is a direct methodology of collecting trend data that has not been used in the prior literature for Tunisian stock market. In addition, this general and broad measure reflects the rapidly changing interests of millions of Internet users especially whom that access to huge amounts of economic and financial information online.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of the Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB) in determining the difference between Bitcoin and energy commodities. In particular, the authors analyze the impact of the monetary policy stance of the two central banks on the relationship between the DCC and the price of Bitcoin. The authors use a panel data set of the US Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB) for the period from January 2006 to December 2015. The authors apply the dynamic conditional conditional conditional correlation (DCC) method to analyze the relationship between Bitcoin and energy commodities and the DCC between the two central banks. The results show that the DCC between Bitcoin and energy commodities is significantly different from that between the US Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB). In particular, the authors find that the difference between the two central banks' DCCs is significantly higher in the case of short-term interest rates, while it is significantly lower in case of long-term rates. The authors also find that there is no significant difference in the impact of monetary policy measures on the Bitcoin-energy commodities relationship. This is the first study that investigates the relationship between the DCC between Bitcoin and energy commodities and monetary policy in the context of the US and European Central Bank.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate popular cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio. In this study, the authors investigate popular cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio. The sample period covers most of the 2010s. The authors examine three popular cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ripple and Litecoin. The authors document that adding a cryptocurrency has always helped the optimal portfolio to achieve a better return and risk combination. Bitcoin has been the most useful cryptocurrency in this regard, followed by Ripple and Litecoin. The authors report that the contribution of the cryptocurrencies to an optimal portfolio is dynamic and, therefore, evolves over time. The cryptocurrency crash clearly has led to reduction in the attractiveness of cryptocurrencies as investment alternatives but the dynamic characteristics of cryptocurrencies warrant their future demand in investment portfolios. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of board diversity in improving corporate governance (CG) through its impact on the role-effectiveness of FTSE 350 companies' boards. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of directors of FTSE 350 companies in the UK. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The findings of the study suggest that functional diversity on FTSE 350 boards has a positive and significant impact on their role-effectiveness. The findings also suggest that board members' gender diversity has a significant and positive impact on the effectiveness of the board. However, the findings also reveal that the impact of board gender diversity on the board's effectiveness is not significant. This is the first study to investigate the role of board diversity in improving the effectiveness of FTSE 350 boards through its impact on their role-effectiveness. The findings of this study contribute to the body of knowledge in the area of corporate governance by providing evidence from directors' perspectives on the impact of functional diversity on board effectiveness.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether Fama-French risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking underlying common-risk factors using cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) frameworks of Chang et al. (2000) and Galariot et al.'s (2015). This study adopts the cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) model introduced by Chang et al. (2000) and Galariotis et al.'s (2015) to examine whether Fama-French risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking the underlying common-risk factors using cross-section absolute deviation frameworks. The results show that the common risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking the underlying common-risk factors using cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) frameworks of Chang et al. (2000) and Galariot et al.'s (2015) CSAD model. The results also indicate that the mean-variance efficiency of Fama-French five-factor model is significantly affected by the herd behavior of the investors in the portfolios. To the best of author's knowledge, there is no study that investigates herd behavior of investors in common risk-factor portfolios under different market conditions, which helps practitioners to understand economic rationale behind the model. The findings also stress scholars to revisit the five-factor model from behavioral perspective for robustness and to understand under what conditions the model can be effectively applied.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of stock market liberalization (SML) on the cost of capital, as one of the vital factors for stock market development in emerging Islamic countries (EIC). This study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the effect of SML on the cost of capital in the stock markets of EIC. The results indicate that SML has a positive and significant effect on the cost of capital in the stock markets of EIC. In addition, the results also indicate that the effect of SML on the stock market development is positive and statistically significant. This study contributes to the current literature as follows: first, it provides further understanding regarding the effects of SML on cost of capital, thereby indirectly on the stock market development of EIC. Second, it is one of the few empirical studies focusing specifically on EIC as the study sample is missing. Third, this study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of S ML on the costs of capital in the stock markets of emerging Islamic countries. Fourth, the results of this study will be useful for the policy makers, investors, regulators, and academicians in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically look at whether quarterly earnings announcements have information content and how the informativeness of these announcements has changed over the 2007-2017 using a broad sample comprised of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul. The authors use a broad sample comprised of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul, the sole stock exchange in Turkey. As proxies for information content, the authors use abnormal volume (AVOL) and abnormal absolute return (AAR) around earnings announcements defined similar to Dellavigna and Pollet (2009) and Asthana and Balsam (2001), respectively. The authors find significant information content at earnings announcements for the sample period with average AVOL and average AAR both greater than 0.05 for the three-day window surrounding the earnings announcement. Furthermore, the authors find a positive time trend in both abnormal volume (AVOL) and AAR even after controlling for firm characteristics such as size, book-to-market and beta as well as the magnitude and direction of surprise. This implies that the informativeness of earnings has increased at Borsa Istanbul and this is not solely attributable to change in firm composition over time. The regression analysis also shows that this time trend is more pronounced for growth companies and earnings announcements with a greater magnitude of Surprise. This study is the first to empirically examine the informativeness of earnings announcements using a broad sample of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul over the 2007-2017 period.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether and how structural changes in stocks' past returns impose significant impacts on financial analysts' earnings forecasts. Specifically, the authors aim to answer a research question: whether financial analysts are homogeneously rational in using stocks' Past returns information. The authors use stocks' past returns as the information variable in this study. Using an econometric approach, the authors test whether financial analysts' rationality in making stocks' earnings forecasts is homogenous or not across different information regimes in stocks'past returns. Past one-quarter, two- quarter, and four-quarter buy-and-hold returns immediately prior to the quarter during which earnings forecasts are made are treated as the data source. Structural changes in past returns are tested using a threshold regression model that allows simultaneous estimation of both threshold and slope coefficients. The results show that three significant structural breaks and four respective information regimes are identified in stocks' past returns. Across the four different information regimes, financial analysts react to past returns quite differently when making one-quarter ahead earnings forecasts. Financial analysts' full rationality is observed when the returns are between -0.3490 and 0.0634 when past two-quarter return information is used to make EPS forecasts. However, when the buy-and-hold return time window is increased to past four quarters, financialAnalysts do not show any rationality in making earnings forecasts when past four-quarter returns are used. It appears that financial analysts tend to be rational in a larger range of returns when more recent information of past returns is used. The findings from this study are in line with those reported in the existing literature that financial analysts have asymmetric reactions to past returns information when making earnings forecasts. This study is the first to investigate the impacts of structural changes in stocks' past returns on financial analysts' earnings forecasting rationality.
The purpose of this paper is to differentiate between sentiment and mood. Sentiment and mood have been used as behavioral concepts to explain irrational deviations from intrinsic values. However, they have not been differentiated from each other in prior research. Using a sample of German small-cap stocks and event study methodology, it is shown that mood is a positive factor in predicting the short-term cumulative abnormal stock return following earnings announcements. By way of contrast, sentiment is not found to be a factor. Using a sample of German small-cap stocks and event study methodology, it is shown that mood is a positive factor in predicting the short-term cumulative abnormal stock return following earnings announcements. Negative mood significantly depresses stock return. By way of contrast, sentiment is not found to be a factor. The major contribution of this paper is to demonstrate that sentiment and mood are separate concepts that need to be differentiated from each other, both theoretically and empirically. While sentiment is a concept of behavioral finance and refers to economic variables, mood is a concepts of psychology and refersto non-economic variables. Sentiment arises due to biased cognitive processes of investors whereas mood arises dueto biological processes.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive analysis of the performance of Turkish pension funds in terms of design and performance provided by the Turkish pension fund industry. The performance evaluation is based on a risk-adjusted return metric taking into account the effects of inflation. The risk return metric is the money-weighted excess returns over inflation consistent with the life-cycle investment goals of the pension fund investors. The sample period covers the period from 2003 to 2015. The authors find that Turkish pension funds generally have a negative Morningstar rating value indicating an inferior performance relative to their benchmark and attribute it to the outperformance of treasury bonds in their sample period. The authors also find that the performance of pension funds in Turkey is not consistent with the expectations of the pension fund investors. This paper provides a comprehensive analysis of pension funds in terms of design and performance provided by the Turkish pension fund industry. A thorough analysis of fund performance in the domain of pension investing requires a well-defined metric that is suitable for life-cycle investment. In this paper, the authors provide a risk-adjusted return metric based on the money-weighted excess returns over inflation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether directors' and officers' liability insurance (D&O insurance) has an influence on stock price crash risk in Taiwan because of lack of such research in emerging Asian markets. This study uses a panel data set of Taiwanese firms listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TSE) for the period from 2000 to 2016. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of D&O insurance on stock price crash risk. The results show that having D&O insurance is positively associated with lower stock price crash risk. Moreover, the impact of having D & O insurance on stock price crashes is stronger in Taiwan than in China. The results also show that the influence of the corporate governance system is not significant in Taiwan. This study provides an insight of the impact of D&O insurance on stock price crash risk in an emerging Asian market. Moreover, this research simultaneously considers the influence of the corporate governance system because it might influence the impact on the firms' stock price Crash risk.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the connections between equity trading activity and five business-specific characteristics: market capitalisation (CAP), dividend yield (DY), earnings yield (EY), growth rate (GR) and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently (YRS). These linkages are assessed through a sample of equities assembled from four European markets: the London Stock Exchange, the Madrid Stock exchange, the Malta Stock Exchange and the Vienna Stock Exchange. The authors estimate different models to inquire which of the former variables are significantly related to the cross-sectional variation in trading turnover of the sampled stocks. The authors then consider sub-samples as a form of robustness check, and also re-organise the variables into factors (using factor analysis) to achieve a more succinct insight regarding trading activity influencers. The authors find that market capitalisation (CAP), dividend yield (DY), earnings yield (EY), growth rate (GR) and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently (YRS) are significantly related to the cross-sectional variation in trading turnover of the sampled stocks. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the two variables in the context of the London Stock Exchange. This study is the first to investigate the linkages between market capitalisation, dividend yield, earnings yield, growth rate and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently in the context of four European markets.
The purpose of this paper is to examine both the socially responsible investment (SRI) fund performance and factors influencing their performance using fund specific, market and style factors. The study uses a sample of 152 SRI funds from January 1995 to May 2015. The study uses factor analysis and cross-sectional regression analysis to explore the determinants of SRI fund performance. The findings show that while the overall unadjusted annual geometric returns for SRI funds are lower than many of the benchmarks used, they provide comparable risk-adjusted returns using various measures including Sharpe and Sortino ratios. The results of the factor analysis show that market factor explains funds returns across all factor models. The authors find support for momentum proposed by Carhart's four-factor model and for size and profitability factors proposed by the Fama-French five-factor models. Finally, the cross-sectional regression results using fund characteristics show older funds, funds with more frequent trading, fund with longer-tenured managers, and larger funds perform better on average. The study adds to the existing body of SRI literature in the following ways: first, the sample size in this study is larger than those of previous studies with an extended period. Second, it provides additional evidence on SRI fund performance using four risk-adjusted return measures and compares SRI funds performance with multiple benchmark indices. Third, besides Jensen's single-factor model, it uses the Fama-French three-factor, Carhart four-factor and FAMA-French five-factor models to bring additional insights to SRIFund performance through factor analysis. Finally, it offers a cross-sectional regression analysis of fund performance and factors influencing their performance using various fund characteristics, screening criteria and fund types to explore the determinants of S RI fund performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method to design sparse eigenportfolios and present its merit by using market data. It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the subspace (Max, 1960; Lloyd-Max, 1982; Akansu and Haddad, 1992). This work is a continuation of the subspace sparsing framework proposed in Yilmaz and Akansu (2015). It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the sub space (Max, 1960; Lloyd-Max, 1982;Akansu and Haddad, 1992). The authors focus on sparsed eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance. The authors focus on sparsing the eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance. The impact of sparsity on PNL performance of the eigensubspace is displayed. This work is a continuation of the subspace sparsing framework proposed in Yilmaz and Akansu (2015). It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the sub space. It focuses on sparsity of eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new approach for executing large-scale processes on a blockchain network. The authors present a case study of the execution of a large-scale process on the Ethereum blockchain network. The authors use the example of a Bitcoin transaction to illustrate the application of the proposed approach to executing processes. The authors find that the performance of large-scale processes executed on a blockchain network can be improved by the use of a virtual machine that is capable of executing a large number of processes at the same time. In particular, the authors show that it is possible to increase the efficiency of the virtual machine by more than 50 per cent, and to reduce the computational cost of executing large- scale processes by over 90 per cent. This paper is the first to propose a methodology for executing large-scale processes in a blockchain network. The methodology is based on a combination of a distributed, distributed, tamper-proof, append-only ledger, and a virtual machine.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the magnet effect of price limits on overnight returns in Bursa Malaysia, an emerging market that employs a very wide price limit. Utilizing historical daily dataset of 150 active stocks (1994-2017) in Bursa Malaysia, a liberal exponent of price limits, the authors employ two benchmark logistic regression models and find statistically significant results suggestive of magnet effect for both upper and lower limits, though the evidence is weaker for lower limits. The authors find statistically significant results suggestive of magnet effect for both upper and lower limits, though the evidence is weaker for lower limits. The findings are consistent for three separate regimes spanning from 1994 to 2002, 2002 to 2013, and now till now, with the middle period showing greatest likelihood that prices fluctuate by the magnitude of price limit because of its very existence. Considering Malaysia's limit width and lack of prior empirical attempts, Bursa Malaysia emerges as an attractive laboratory for testing the magnet effect of price limits.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the volatility spillover between migration policy uncertainty index (MI) and stock markets of UK, France, Germany, France and USA. The authors employ Diebold-Yilmaz volatility spillover tests for France, UK, Germany, France and the USA. The authors employ Baker et al.'s (2016) migration policy uncertainty index, which is available in quarterly frequency for UK, France, Germany and USA. The authors find that the transmission of volatility is from migration policy uncertainty index (MI) to stock market for the USA. Though this direction of information transmission is not applicable for European countries. The spillover is the other way around, namely, from stock market to MIs for France and the UK. Although this sounds odd, results on cross-market spillover indicate that European market investor sentiment is highly sensitive not to their own MIs, but to US markets. This finding implies the central role of US markets in many areas of investor sentiment, even at migration policy. To the authors' knowledge, this paper is one of the first to analyze the relationship between cross-country and cross-index basis. The authors do not restrict their analysis with pairwise analysis, but also check the direction of the spillover and crossspillovers across MIs and stock markets.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that accounting for the externalities and the public goods that are at stake in the design and operation of the financial system needs to be reformed in order to support the shift towards a sustainable financial system. The paper is based on a review of the literature and the author's personal experience in the field of accounting. The paper argues that the financial system is a network of channels and vehicles to intermediate between savers and borrowers, to enable people to share risks, and to deliver a return to owners of capital as well as a profit to intermediaries. Therefore, it is crucial to examine the externalities and the public goods that are at stake in the design and operation of today's financial system. It is also important to consider the role of accounting in this process. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to propose an accounting reform to support the shift towards a sustainable financial system. It is also the first attempt to introduce the concept of "quality of growth" in the context of sustainable development.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run relationship between the underlying and futures prices of crude palm oil (CPO) in Malaysia. Cointegrated prices are efficient prices that reflect newly announced information on the same day as the event; otherwise, the market is inefficient. The authors employ symmetric and asymmetric models to examine the long-run relationship between the underlying and futures prices of CPO. Cointegrated prices are efficient prices that reflect newly announced information on the same day as the event; otherwise, the market is inefficient. In this study, the authors employ asymmetric and symmetric models. The findings of this study established a symmetric long-run relationship between CPO and CPO-F prices. CPO price is found to be efficient in the long-term relationship with CPO futures (CPO-F) prices. The results of the study also show that the asymmetric relationship between the two markets is asymmetric when structural break is taken into account. In addition, the results show that CPO prices are more efficient than CPO Futures prices in the short-run. This study differs from other past studies that examine CPO price in Malaysia (see e.g. Murphy, 2014; Haron and Salami, 2015; Nambiappan et al., 2018) because they did not consider structural break in their studies. In other words, these studies ignore the abrupt change in price series at a time point in time. As this study account for the effect of structural break, the authors are then able to examine whether distortion in price pattern due to shocks to price has any impact on the long-run cointegration between CPO and CPO-F prices.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that secrecy surrounding the tax affairs of corporations should be dissolved and all large corporations subject to tax should be required to make their tax returns and related documents publicly available. The purpose is to provide transparency, enhance competition, enable investors to make meaningful assessments of future cash flows and risks and enhance public accountability by empowering parliamentary committees to ask searching questions of tax authorities and corporate indulgence in tax avoidance. The paper is based on a review of the literature on corporate tax avoidance and corporate secrecy. The paper also draws on the experiences of the UK and the USA in dealing with tax avoidance. This paper argues that the public filing of the tax returns of large companies, together with related information, will help to check tax avoidance. Increased transparency will strengthen parliamentary and public scrutiny of corporations and tax authorities and public accountability would exert public pressure on companies to clean up their practices. Public filing of tax returns would also improve competition and enhance public accountability. This paper is the first to propose a public filing of the tax returns of large companies, together with related information, which will help to check tax avoidance. It will strengthen parliamentary and public scrutiny of corporations and tax authorities and public accountability would exert public pressure on companies to clean up their practices. Public filing of tax returns would also improve competition and enhance public accountability.
The purpose of this paper is to critically reflect upon academic literature and research in the area of efficient markets and related regulatory policy. The concern is to consider what the literature and literature imply for policy. The paper critically reflects upon academic literature and research in the area of efficient markets and related regulatory policy. It reflects upon whether the meaning of the research may be problematically read and inform problematic policy. The paper then aims to point to avenues for future research. The paper suggests a pragmatic policy. This includes being concerned to intervene to improve the quality of information. It also includes seeking to intervene in the wider economic, social and environmental context. Detailed suggestions in the financial regulatory sphere are suggested. This is the first attempt to critically reflect upon the literature and research in the area of efficient markets and its implications for regulatory policy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the financial performance for intermediary institutions based on multi-criteria decision making method using Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution method. This study has employed the Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method to evaluate the financial performance of intermediary institutions in the Turkish capital markets. The data set used for the study consists of the financial data for the years 2011-2016. The financial performance has been evaluated by using the TOPSIS method. Operating profit has been found as the most important indicator affecting the financial performance among all indicators, while based on survey results, net sales level has become the most significant indicator. This reveals the fact that raising operating profit and net sales is relatively more significant than raising other financial performance indicators. Additionally, operating profit, total net sales, total asset growth rate, total assets growth rate and total equity performance indicators have been found to be the common financial performance performance indicators in the top ten financial performance indicator. Moreover, findings reveal that the average performances of continuously operating intermediary institutions during the period concerned are above the average performance levels. This study has employed several financial indicators to assess the performance of intermediary institutions in the Turkish capital markets with a comprehensive framework affecting all the financial performance indicators, while based on the survey results, net sales level has become the most significant indicator.
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a complex and multifaceted concept and comprises a broad range of activities of the firm with its various stakeholders. However, different aspects of CSR are often correlated. A study, which analyzes the impact of only one of these aspects in isolation from other aspects may document a relationship between the included aspect and a measure of performance, however, the true driver of superior performance can be an omitted dimension. The purpose of this paper is to address this problem by using three granular measures of three different granular ESG issues. The authors first employ a broad measure of CSR, using data from ASSET4, reflecting firm-level choices and activities in dealing with ESG issues. One major advantage of using this broad index is that it allows the authors to document a relationship between the included aspect and a measure of performance, however, the true driver of superior performance can be omitted due to omitted variable bias (OVB). Second, the authors use a different measure of ESG, which is based on a combination of three granular measures of three different ESG granities. The authors use this measure as a proxy for CSR and employ a two-stage least squares regression model to estimate the relationship between CSR dimensions and firm value. The results show that the broad measure of CSR is a better predictor of firm value than a specific CSR measure. The authors also find that the impact of environmental CSR on firm value is stronger than that of social CSR. However, the effect of the social dimension is not significant. This is the first study to use a broad measure of CSR, using data from ASSET4, reflecting firm-level choices and activities in dealing with ESG issues. It is also one of the first studies to use an ESG measure to identify which CSR aspects are important and which aspects are not important.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze aggregate- and city-level house price spillovers between USA-UK and New York-London housing markets over the period 1975Q1-2016Q1. The authors first check the co-integration between the variables utilizing bounds test analysis proposed by Pesaran et al. (2001). Then, the authors employ an ARDL model to investigate the long-term static spillover. FMOLS and DOLS models are also used to check for robustness. Dynamic house price spillover is investigated using Kalman filter and dynamic conditional correlation-GARCH (DCC- GARCH) models. The authors find a unidirectional causality running from the US house price to the UK house price at the country level. However, when the authors investigate the causality relationship at city level, the authors found a uni-directional relationship running from London to New York. The authors observe a dynamic conditional correlation between the US-UK and London-New York house prices. The study provides contribution to the international real estate investment literature in two ways. First, this is the first study to analyze house price spillovers between USA-UK and New York-London for over 40 years since 1975. Long observation period provides an important opportunity to understand both historical trends and the current picture of the linkages between these leading countries and cities from the spillover perspective. Second, on the empirical side, the authors found a unidirectional spillover running from US to UK house prices at the country level. However, when the authors investigate the spillovers relationship at city level, the results indicate that there is a uni-directional relationship running from London to New York.
The purpose of this paper is to explore whether oil markets are efficient and whether the oil spot and oil futures markets are effectively connected. This is an important issue for a wide spectrum of market participants ranging from producers and consumers of oil, to speculators, arbitragers, risk-reducing hedgers, professional and individual investors, traders, and policy makers. The paper explores oil spot and oil futures markets focusing on the Brent Index spot and futures markets. Daily and 30-minute intraday return data are used for the investigation. The results show that oil spot and oil futures markets exhibit high degrees of efficiency. Economic shocks, news, innovations that arise in spot markets are quickly and fully conveyed to the futures markets. The evidence shows that most of the reaction is completed within at most half an hour. Similarly, positive or negative shocks, innovations arriving in futures markets are transmitted to spot markets quickly. The transmissions amongst futures contracts with different maturities are also fast and comprehensive, though the direction of transmission seems to be stronger from the liquid and actively traded futures contracts to longer-maturity contracts. This is the first study that applies intraday return data in the oil commodity literature. The study extends the literature further and builds on Inci and Seyhun (2018). The evidence confirms that oil spot and oil futures markets are tightly linked. Economic shocks, news, innovations that arise in spot markets are quickly and fully conveyed to the futures markets. The evidence shows that most of the reaction is completed within at most half an hour. Similarly, positive or negative shocks, innovations, arriving in futures markets, are transmitted to spot markets quickly. The transmissions amongst futures contracts with different maturities are also fast and comprehensive, though the direction of transmission seems to be stronger from the liquid and actively traded futures contracts to longer-maturity contracts.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the inferences we may or may not be able to draw from statistical studies of financial reports and secondary markets for equity of public firms. The focus on equity markets should not be taken to suggest that the role of financial reporting in other markets is unimportant. Nor does it imply that "better markets," however defined, necessarily lead to higher welfare or a better society. - Statistical analyses of linkages between financial reports and stock market data have sought to guide financial reporting policy. The argument is vaguely appealing: stock markets are efficient in the sense of reflecting all relevant information in the prices; we can therefore use guidance from stock markets to identify which information (and which information-generating accounting methods) markets find relevant to determination of prices; this can be achieved by identifying the accounting methods which produce data with greater statistical proximity (e.g. higher correlation) with stock prices; and such methods of accounting can be used to promote market efficiency. - It is possible to define better financial reporting in terms of the observable characteristics of the system, such as relevance, reliability, timeliness, etc. Such assessments, being dependent on context, are difficult to generalize; and it seems more attractive to assess financial reporting regimes on the basis of their observable consequences. Market phenomena being more readily observable than individual and organizational behavior, this line of reasoning leads one to the goal of financial reporting for better markets. - This is the first paper to examine the inferences we may or may not be able to draw from statistical studies of financial reports and secondary markets for equity of public firms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the meaning of sustainability in relation to socially responsible investing and reporting, and how it is used by companies to describe their sustainability practices. This paper is based on an extensive review of the literature on CSR and sustainability reporting, and the author's personal experience as an investor in socially responsible investing. Sustainability is defined as a three-dimensional construct that includes environmental, social, and governance (ESG) activities that are economically, environmentally, and socially responsible. Sustainability reporting is a common practice of twenty-first century business. However, companies do not pursue similar objectives, nor do they use the same metrics to gauge their sustainability activities, making comparison among these reports difficult. The resurgence in environmental and corporate sustainability reporting (CSR) also suffers from its being merely a resurrection of the 1970s view, i.e. the disclosure appears to be viewed with little or no skepticism regarding its purpose. This is the first study to provide a comprehensive definition of sustainability for socially responsible investing and reporting. The findings of this study will be of value to academics and practitioners interested in CSR and sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effects of readability in the context of risk disclosures, which became part of the required SEC registrants' disclosures since 2005. This regulation requires registrants to disclose risks "[...] that may adversely affect the issuer's business, operations, industry, or financial position, or its future financial performance" (Securities and Exchange Commission, 2004, 2005). Using survey responses from 359 NPIs, the authors examine how task-specific knowledge (i.e. financial sophistication) and readability affect judgments about equity valuation, ease of understanding, credibility, and trustworthiness. Findings indicate that NPIs with low financial sophistication (measured using a composite index similar to Tan et al., 2014) consistently provided lower valuation estimates. They also provided lower estimates of equity valuation, perceived ease of understanding, and perceived credibility and trustworthiness of management. The authors also find evidence that NPI's task-specific knowledge (i.e. financial sophistication) and financial task- specific knowledge affect how readability affects judgments about equity valuation. Overall, findings indicate that investors with lower financial sophistication are less likely to be able to process financial information presented in plain English. This study is one of the first to examine the effects of plain English on NPIs in the context of risk disclosures, which became part of the required SEC registrants' disclosures since 2005. This study is especially timely in light of the SEC's Concept Release on April 15, 2016 that seeks public comment on suggested changes to business and financial disclosures required by S-K regulation.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of US-based diversified emerging market equity and bond funds during January 2000 and May 2017 period. To assess the performance of the mutual funds, this study examines the fund managers' efforts for searching alpha in their portfolios. The sample includes 222 diversified emerging market and 78 emerging market bond funds. To assess the performance of the mutual funds, this study examines the fund managers' efforts for searching alphas in their portfolios during January 2000 and May 2017. The findings show that diversified emerging market fund managers experience limited success in their search for alphas during 2000 and 2017 while emerging market bond fund managers fail to realize positive alphas in general. Most funds do not provide statistically significant alphas. The emerging market funds provide US investors with an alternative factor to expose their portfolios to these markets on a wide range of market and economic characteristics. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to comprehensively analyze the performance of both diversified emerging market equity and bond mutual funds in the USA.
The purpose of this paper is to identify a set of fairly reliable statistical tools which signal that the market is changing its mood from a bullish rally to a major bearish tone or vice versa. In other words; major reversal days are characterized by extreme outliers. The paper employs the Generalized Pareto distribution to identify the major reversals of the BIST-30 index which is the leading stock index of the Istanbul Borsa Istanbul. The paper finds that the major reversals of the BIST-30 index are characterized by certain unique statistical footprints. These outliers can be easily determined by fairly simple simple tools such as the Generalized Pareto distributions. The paper also finds that these outliers exhibit a significant tendency to exhibit significant turbulences in the extreme trading days. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to identify the major reversals of the BIST-30 index by extreme outliers using simple statistical tools.
The purpose of this paper is to present an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crashes and their causes, and highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses in the future. In this paper, the authors present an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crashes and their causes. Furthermore, they highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses in the future. The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crash and its causes (SEC, 2010a, b; Bouchaud et al., 2002). Furthermore, the authors highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses. This paper provides an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The educative value of this experience is significant and the regulations for HFT have been continuously revisited and being upgraded by the responsible bodies.
The creation of domain ontologies is a daunting task and one of the major reasons ontologies are not widely adopted in knowledge representation is the difficulty of creating them. The purpose of this paper is to explore how crowdsourcing techniques can be used to enhance and hasten ontology development. A case study of taxonomic knowledge ontology is used in the development of the architecture. The case study is presented together with an analysis of the crowdsourced data. The results of the case study demonstrate that this architecture can be adopted for online crowds' participation in ontology enhancement. The architecture is an addition to the existing crowdsourcing models in literature and forms basis for interrogation and enhancement by other researchers. The architecture is an addition to the existing crowdsourcing models in literature and forms basis for interrogation and enhancement by other researchers. The architecture is also an artefact that can be adopted by application developers when building applications for ontology enhancement.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that the change of individual relationship in crowd-intelligence network is the embodiment of individual intelligence in crowd network and to design a simulation scheme for this idea. The authors propose a novel simulation framework for crowd co-evolutions. This paper proposes three individual models to simulate individuals and clarifies the network connection relationship among these three models. The authors map real problems to patterns, the decision-making and behavior of individuals in the crowd-intelligence network facing the real problems are represented by solving the path-finding problem in the pattern. Individual decisions are made by themselves and advices given by advisors. Monitors are in charge of individual decision instability, helping individuals behaving as their decisions. We can be quickly obtained to get the description file of the simulation process through pre-defined simulation template, a large number of simulation individuals, a number of individual networks and existing policies and strategies and the existing simulation process can be reproduced by description file. This paper proposes three individual models to simulate individuals and clarifies the network connection relationship among these three models. The authors map real problems to patterns, the decision-making and behavior of individuals in the crowd-intelligence network facing the real problems are represented by solving the path-finding problem in the pattern. Individual decisions are made by themselves and advices given by advisors. Monitors are in charge of individual decisionmaking instability, helping individuals behaving as their decisions. We can be quickly obtained to get the description file of the simulation process through pre-defined simulation template, a number of simulation individuals, a large number of individual networks and existing policies and strategies, and existing simulation process can be reproduced by description file. The innovation of this paper is to propose that the change of individual relationship in crowd-intelligence network is the embodiment of individual intelligence in crowd network and to design a simulation scheme for this idea. This paper proposes a novel simulation framework for crowd co-evolutions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the intrinsic rewards of experts by analyzing the knowledge exchange behavior of social professionals on Zhihu Lives, an online knowledge payment platform. The authors conducted an empirical study on Zhihu Lives, a popular online knowledge payment platform in China. The authors collected data from the knowledge providers and analyzed the sponsorship network and cross-domain knowledge exchange behavior of the platform by using the partial least squares method. The results show that the sponsorship network matrix of Zhihu Lives shows that knowledge providers' overall learning willingness is strong. However, the "one-to-one learning willingness" is weak, reflecting that the knowledge providers tend to learn from different knowledge providers. Through the analysis of a cross-domain knowledge exchange network, the authors find that cross- domain knowledge exchange exists in Zhihu lives. As a "liaison," "basic skill demand" links "high-end entertainment demand" with " high-end skill demand," and knowledge providers receive the common attention of knowledge providers and receive the attention of the knowledge network. Moreover, the small-world effect explains the strong learning willingness among knowledge providers to a certain extent. This study contributes to the understanding of the intrinsic rewards of experts by analyzing the knowledge exchange behavior of social professionals on Zhihu Lives. The authors can provide practical suggestions for the development of the platform by analyzing this special phenomenon of knowledge exchange in the present stage of the knowledge sharing economy.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a novel steady-state maintenance simulation framework for crowd network multi-source information dissemination system based on the mature information fusion model to simulate the stability of crowd network system. This paper takes the crowd network multi-source information dissemination system as the research object and uses the mature information fusion model to describe the model, that according to crowd network simulation characteristics and establishes a novel steady-state maintenance simulation framework. Compared with other steady- state maintenance frameworks, it is specially designed for the crowdnetwork simulation and that conforms to these new characteristics. This framework can step by step in the whole information dissemination process, strive for control steady-state at every level of public opinion development adaptively, avoid one size fits all and achieve better effect in multi-source information dissemination. In member mode, generate massive crowd science units becomes simple and easy to operate, users only need to change member attribute according to their requirements or set a reasonable range of attributes to generate crowd scienceunits randomly. The control method is flexible and adaptable, which can deal with a variety of potential unsteady problems rather than a single problem. This framework can step by step in the whole information dissemination process, strive for control steady-state at every level of public opinion development adaptively, avoid one size fits all and achieve better effect in multi-source information dissemination. In member mode, generate massive crowd science units becomes simple and easy to operate, users only need to change member attribute according to their requirements or set a reasonable range of attributes to generate crowd scienceunits randomly. The control method is flexible and adaptable, which can deal with a variety of potential unsteady problems rather than a single problem.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a blockchain and IoT-based architecture design for intellectual property (IP) protection. IP protection is a category of property that includes the intangible creation of human individuals or crowd intellect, such as intangible knowledge, ideas or crafts. Traditional IP protection requires a high degree of professionalism and usually requires practitioners with professional background and familiarity with relevant laws and regulations. Limited by the problems of cost and institutional settings, there are large gaps in IP practitioners and serious shortage of manpower. This paper proposes an IoT-based architecture design for IP protection, which is based on blockchain technology and IoT technology. The architecture is designed by combining the blockchain technology with the IoT technology, and the architecture is implemented on the IoT platform. The blockchain technology is used to secure and secure the data, while the IoT technologies are used to verify and verify the authenticity of the data. The case study shows that the IoT-based architecture design for IP protection can help users achieve the goal of defensive public access in a real-time, convenient and economical manner. The platform can record screens, capture screens, upload, deposit and authenticate documents in real time across different operating systems. The preservation safety of documents reaches a level of three. The originality of this paper lies in the use of blockchain technology and IoT-based architecture design for IP protection. The platform can help users achieve the goal of defensive public access in a real-time, convenient and economical manner, and it can also provide authoritative, objective and convenient evidence preservation services.
With the rapid development of crowd science, the crowd network gradually enters people's vision. Crowd network is the relationship network of many intelligent agents, their relatives, friends, business and government affairs. Different from swarm intelligence, crowd network can support more interactive modes of different depth and breadth between intelligent individuals. The crowd network is in a three-dimensional superposition space of deep integration of physical space, consciousness space and information space. It conforms to the interaction and influence of matter, information and consciousness of different laws of motion, which makes the behavior of the agent show a broader uniform and opposite characteristics, as shown in Figure 1. Therefore, the intelligent measurement of crowd networks is very important. The purpose of this paper is to propose a meta measurement of intelligence with crowd network. Meta-analysis is a statistical method that integrates multiple research data. It can conduct a unified analysis of the existing conclusions and objectively evaluate the existing research data to draw more valuable conclusions. At present, meta-analysis has been used widely in medical field (Gavin et al., 2018; Lundh et al. 2018; Gavane, 2013), social science field (Brittany, 2018) and social network science (Britton, 2018). Meta-analysis originates from statistics. It is a method that combines multiple data sources and analyses them in a unified way. The results of meta-analysis show that the proposed method can be used to measure the intelligence of the crowd network in a more general way than the human intelligence quotient (IQ) test, machine intelligence measurement and universal intelligence measurement. Meta-analysis is a statistical method that integrates multiple research data. It can conduct a unified analysis of the existing conclusions and objectively evaluate the existing research data to draw more valuable conclusions. At present, meta-analysis has been used widely in medical field (Gavin et al., 2018; Lundh, 2018; 2018), social science field (Lundh et al, 2018), business field (Vamsi and Bose, 2018) and social network science (Gavane, 2013). And it is based on the notion that an agent's environment can change at any step of execution of the agent. And the resulting intelligence measurement is more general than the universal intelligence measurement and anytime universal intelligence test.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the characteristics of netizens' online political deliberation and its effect on the effectiveness of government response. In this study, netizens' posts and government response texts from Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong and Tianjin on an online political deliberation platform called Message Board for Leaders in People's Daily Online are selected as the research objects, revealing the key factors that affect the government's response to public inquiry. This study applies Hovland's persuasion theory to the analysis of the behavioral characteristics of netizens in online politics from three aspects, namely, information, situation and managers, and then builds an influencing factor model of government response effectiveness. The logical expression of netizens' political information on government response has a significant effect on the speed and effectiveness of the government's response. The emotional tendency of political text has no significant effect, but it affects the effectiveness of government response content. Moreover, the length of the response text and the level of political content have significant effects on the response speed and the effectiveness. The political network environment has a strong influence on the government response effectiveness. This research provides a new focus for the study of government response effectiveness. To a certain extent, it also expands the application of Hovland's persuasion theory. Moreover, the study provides a theoretical basis for netizens' online political deliberation behavior, the design of a government response mechanism, the construction of a political network environment and the expression of political expression.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the correlation and volatility between bitcoin and the blockchain index. The blockchain index is composed of 50 of the most representative blockchain concept stocks, which not only reflects the overall appearance and operation of blockchain concept stock but also is used as the scale and standard for investors. Because of the close relationship between the blockchain and bitcoin, we expect that the price fluctuations in bitcoin affect the stock price of the blockchain Index to some extent and vice versa. This paper uses the Granger causality test to explore the correlation between bitcoin and the logarithmic yield of the blockchain index. In addition, this paper compares and analyses various GARCH models to obtain the best one to describe the price volatility of bitcoin and blockchain concept stocks. This paper also engages in a descriptive statistical analysis on the closing price series and logarithsmic yield series. The results of this study show that no significant correlation exists between bitcoin and the blockchain index. In addition, through an analysis using the GARCH model, the authors found that external shocks aggravate the volatility of logarithmic yields of bitcoin and blockchain index, and the volatility has a certain persistence. Additionally, the logariths of the blockchain Index have leverage; namely, the decline of the logARithmic yield of blockchain index has a stronger impact on the market. This paper explores the correlation between bitcoin and the blockchain index. The blockchain index is composed of 50 of the most representative blockchain concept stocks, which not only reflects the overall appearance and operation of blockchain concept stock but also is used as the scale and standard for investors. Because of the close relationship between the blockchain and bitcoin, the authors expect that the price fluctuations in bitcoin affect the stock price of the blockchain Index to some extent and vice versa.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the big five (BF) traits (conscientiousness, conscientiousness, extroversion, agreeableness, neuroticism, openness and conscientiousness) and output quality of crowd workers' work performance in crowdsourcing. In this paper, Japanese ten-item personality inventory (TIPI-J) questionnaire, which is a questionnaire to evaluate personality with only 10 questions, is used to evaluate crowd workers' personality. In this research, a full version of Big five (full version) personality inventory is obtained before selecting crowd workers and the BF traits (Murakami and Murakami, 2001) are obtained after selecting crowd worker. Correlations between TIPI and BF are analyzed and compared with the previous study to understand whether biases exist or not. The results showed that "conscientiousness" has a positive relationship with output quality. The results also showed that there is no significant difference between the TIPI-JIPI and the full version of the BF questionnaire in predicting crowd workers' performance. This study is the first to use the short version of TIPI-JIPI to evaluate crowd workers' personality with only 10 questions, and it is conducted after selecting crowd workers. It is also the first study to test whether the result shows a bias or not.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the feasibility and practicality of linking the three areas together, namely, multi-agent system, federated learning (FL) and blockchain. Based on the proposed smart agent model, a new architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent-preservation and blockchain-based federated learning framework (SABlockFL) has been proposed, where a smart agent acts as both a participant in a blockchain networks and a peer in a FL task at the same time. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented to prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Based on the proposed smart agent model, a new smart agent architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent system is proposed, where a smart agent acts as both a peer in a blockchain and a participant in a FL network at the same time. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented to prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework. The authors have made several contributions to the state-of-the-art. First of all, a concrete design of a smart agent model is proposed, inspired by the smart contract concept in blockchain. The smart agent is autonomous and is able to disseminate, verify the information and execute the supported protocols. Based on the proposed agent model, a new smart agent architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent-based blockchain-FL framework (SABlockFL) has been proposed. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment using MySQL replication technique. The paper aims to discuss this issue in detail. In this paper, a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment is developed and implemented using MySQL replication technique. The proposed approach is based on a case study of a large-scale cyber security organization in Pakistan. The findings of the study revealed that the proposed technique is a very effective way to develop a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment. The study also found that the technique can be applied to any organization or organization that is operating in the cyberspace. The findings of this study also revealed that it is possible to create a culture of failure-safeguarding culture in the organization using the technique. This paper is the first of its kind in the area of developing a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment using MySQL replication technique. This paper will be of great value to both academicians and practitioners in the field of information technology.
The purpose of this paper is to carry out a structured overview of the extant literature on the economic impacts of the internet on firm development. The paper aims to show how the internet affects firm development and may help policymakers and other researchers to have a better knowledge of existing research characteristics and problems. This paper builds up a framework that brings together the heterogeneous and fragmented extant research to answer the following questions: Does the internet have a significant positive effect on relevant economic indicators of firm development? How does the internet affect firm development and what are the mechanisms? This paper focuses on literature that attempts to investigate the economic effects and mechanisms of the internet on firm development. The authors find that the internet has a significant positive effect on firm development. However, the internet does not significantly affect firm performance or innovation. The internet has negative effects on firm performance and innovation, but it does not have a significant effect on productivity. The authors also find that there are different mechanisms through which the internet affects firm development, such as firm size, firm location, firm growth rate and firm size-related factors. This paper provides a structured overview of existing literature on the economic impacts of the internet on firm development, and outlines an overall framework of their links. The paper aims to show how the internet affects firm development and may help policymakers and other researchers to have a better knowledge of existing research characteristics, problems and future direction.
Crowd network simulations have the characteristics of dynamic and diversified. At the same time, the population of simulation members is large, the simulation scale is large and the complexity of the overall simulation environment is very high. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel architecture for crowd network simulations based on reflective memory-based architecture. This paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on this shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality. This paper adopts a data-driven architecture, the architecture mainly relies on XML files to drive the entire simulation process, and XML files have strong readability and readability, which greatly enhances the scalability of simulations. The proposed crowd network simulation architecture has the following advantages: to solve the characteristics of large scale and large number of populations of crowd network, this paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality. This paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on this shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality. All federations can be perceived, which greatly enhances the scalability of simulations.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a crowdtesting methodology for testing mobile devices on a larger number of devices by several external users with different behaviors to ensure the quality of their mobile apps. This paper is based on an extensive literature review of mobile device compatibility testing and the authors' own experience in crowdtesting. The authors have developed a comprehensive set of guidelines for crowdtesting methodology, which are based on a comprehensive literature review and expert opinions. This paper provides a comprehensive set of guidelines for effective mobile devices crowdtesting methodology, which can be used by developers to test their mobile apps on a larger number of devices and OS versions. This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive set of guidelines toward effective mobile devices crowdtesting methodology, which can be used by developers to test their mobile apps on a larger number of mobile devices.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel simulation framework for crowd co-decision simulation, which mainly focuses on social public decision-making problems, study the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and the final results and discuss the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone). This paper looks up various relevant literature and websites, understands and analyzes the existing software and summarizes the widely used simulation software at home and abroad. The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone). The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone). The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone). It mainly includes member definition, member generation, monitoring and verification, as well as simulation framework construction, decision preference solving and other issues.
Crowd science and engineering is a new interdisciplinary direction to study the principles, laws, methods, techniques and related engineering applications of the ternary fusion system about information, physics and society in a large-scale interconnected online environment. The crowd system is a kind of crowd science research system based on the connection and composition of several units. The networked structure formed by the cooperation of a large number of service units is the service internet. It is a complex service networked application form in the internet, which is integrated as integrated services across domains/networks/world. And it also provides various business services. In the multi-service cross-domain interconnection integration and collaboration, to meet user needs, realize user expectations, improve service provider value, and continuously optimize and improve service quality, the support platform like service internet is necessary. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to introduce the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of service internet to better support the construction and development In this paper, a series of research contents, key technologies and solutions for the research of service internet architecture are presented. This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of the crowd system and the crowd science research system. This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of crowd system and the crowd system supporting platform. Service internet is an important support for improving the service quality of modern service industry and improving the level of scientific research on group intelligence in the era of scientific and technological revolution. This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of the crowd system and the crowd science research system.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm based on variational inference to improve the performance of collaborative filtering algorithms. First, the user score matrix is directly filled using variational inference and then Top-N recommendation is performed. Then, for the existing KL-vanishing problem in the variational inferred deep learning algorithm (Bowman et al., 2015), several available solutions are proposed. The KL annealing and Free Bits methods are then selected to construct the model. Finally, two collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms based on variational inferences are obtained. This paper presents the usage of the variational inference model for collaborative filtering recommendation. After introducing the KL annealing and Free Bits methods, the basic model effect is improved. Compared with the traditional method, the fixed noise-adding method will reduce the robustness of the model. Meanwhile, the sampling of the probability distribution obtains different hidden vectors each time. Based on this tendency to obtain different output data, the occurrence of overfitting is reduced. When the amount of data is relatively large in the actual application scenario, the probability distributions of the fitted actual data can better represent the user and item data. This paper presents the usage of the variational inference model for collaborative filtering recommendation. Compared with the traditional method, the fixed noise-adding method will reduce the robustness of the model. Meanwhile, the sampling of the probability distribution obtains different hidden vectors each time. Based on this tendency to obtain different output data, the occurrence of overfitting is reduced.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolution of information diffusion over social networks from the perspective of information characteristics, diffusion characteristics analysis, diffusion dynamics and stability analysis. This paper is based on a systematic review of the existing works on the evolution of information diffusion over social networks. The review is divided into three categories: diffusion characteristics analysis, diffusion dynamics analysis and diffusion stability analysis. The results of the review show that the existing works can be divided into three categories: diffusion characteristics analysis; diffusion dynamics analysis; and diffusion stability analysis. Among the first category, Masahiro et al. (2009) discussed how to extract the most influential nodes on a large-scale social network in (Kimura et al., 2007). Later, many methods were proposed to mine top-k influential nodes in mobile social networks, e.g. the Shapley value-based Influential Nodes algorithm in Narayanam and Narahari (2011) and content-based improved greedy algorithm in Shahsavari and Golpayegani (2017) which decreased the total amount of computations. The second category focuses on analyzing the dynamic diffusion process over different kinds of networks using different mathematical models. This paper is the first attempt to provide a comprehensive review of the existing literature on information diffusion over social networks. This paper provides a comprehensive overview of the current state of the art in the field of information diffusion, and it will be useful for researchers and practitioners to understand the evolution of the information diffusion process over social network.
The purpose of this paper is to design a novel multivariate regression algorithm RegBoost with reference to gradient boosted decision tree (GBDT). RegBoost divides the training data into two branches according to the prediction results using the current weak predictor. The linear regression modeling is recursively executed in two branches. In the test phase, test data are distributed to a specific branch to continue with the next weak predictor, and the final result is the sum of all weak predictors. The proposed algorithm RegBoost divides the training data into two branches according to the prediction results using the current weak predictor. The linear regression modeling is recursively executed in two branches. In the test phase, test data are distributed to a specific branch to continue with the next weak predictor. The final result is the sum of all weak predictors across the entire path. Considering that the data may contain some features that are either redundant or irrelevant and can thus be removed without incurring much loss of information, the authors use stepwise regression to select the most important factors when constructing each weak predicting branch. Through comparison experiments, it is found that the proposed algorithm RegBoost can achieve similar performance to GBDT. However, RegBoost divides the training data recursively during the sequential construction of the weak predictors, resulting in an exponential decrease in the number of weak predictor. Therefore, the algorithm is currently not suitable for applications with too few data. It deserves further study. To the best of the authors' knowledge, for the first time, RegBoost uses linear regression as a weak predictor, and combine with gradient boosting to build an ensemble algorithm. Through comparison experiments, it is found that our algorithm RegBoost can achieve similar performance to GBDT. However, the authors find that RegBoost divides the training data recursively during the sequential construction of the weak predictors, resulting in an exponential decrease in the data of the subsequent weak predictor. Therefore, the algorithm is currently not suitable for applications with too few data.
The purpose of this paper is to compare two research methods and compare the differences between them from the perspective of methodology and hope to put forward a new method to combine theory-driven with data-driven to study crowd science, with the aim of improving efficiency of the transaction, making all parties involved in the transaction taking full advantage of the online information to meet their needs. This study uses two research methods, i.e. behavioral experiment method and survey method, to study the effect of online review on purchase behavior. The sample of this study consists of 1,000 subjects, and the data were collected from the internet. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling. The results of the study show that the effect of online review on purchase intention of consumers is influenced by the online reviews' quantity, which is positively correlated with the purchase intention. However, the impact of this information on purchase intentions will be different which also depending on the type of commodities. In addition, the risk perception of online purchase is also a psychological variable that affects consumer purchase behavior. This study attempts to use two research methods and compare the differences between them from the perspective of methodology and hope to put forward a new method to combine theory-driven with data-driven to study crowd science, with the aim of improving efficiency of the transaction, making all parties involved in the transaction taking full advantage of the online information to meet their needs.
The ecological structure of crowd network refers to the specialized division of labor and collaboration among intelligent agents on macro level, which is an organizational form of future networked industry. Ecological structure is one of the important factors that affect the efficiency of networked co-operations. The purpose of this paper is to propose an evolution simulation framework for ecological structure evolution of crowd networks. The ecological structure of crowd network is the way of crowd unit time and space distribution, information exchange and resource utilization. It is a crowd unit structure network which can be effectively controlled and constructed. In crowd ecosystem, each unit continuously establishes or deletes associations to meet the needs of the development of ecological structure, and the relatively unsuitable association structure is gradually eliminated in the development processes. In this paper, an evolution simulation framework is developed to study the evolution process of the ecological structure. The results show that the ecological structure of crowd network is the way of crowd unit time and space distribution, information exchange and resource utilization. It is a crowd unit structure network which can be effectively controlled and constructed. In crowd ecosystem, each unit continuously establishes or deletes associations to meet the needs of the development of ecological structure, and the relatively unsuitable association structure is gradually eliminated in the development processes. This study reveals the current development stage of network ecological structure and predicts the future development direction. The study on the structure evolution of crowd network reveals the current development stage of network ecological structure, predicts the future development direction, and provides theoretical guidance for the government and enterprises to formulate development strategies. By controlling and guiding the dissemination of information in the crowd network, it can influence the behavior of each intelligent digital body, realize the controllability of the evolution process of events and reduce the possibility of negative events or destructive revolutions.
Microtask crowdsourcing has attracted interest from researchers, businesses and government as a means to leverage human computation into their activities in a fast, accurate and affordable way. In the last ten years, we have seen it applied to anything from spotting sarcasm on social media to discovering new galaxies and helping digitise large cultural heritage collections. However, some problems are less amenable to microtasking and need to be turned into bespoke microtask workflows; the performance of the crowd varies across tasks; and determining which answers are the most useful ones can be both complex and computationally expensive. It is on this last aspect, determining the correct answers, that the authors focus on in this paper. The purpose of this paper is to focus on inferring the correct answer for a classification task, one of the most popular type of crowdsourcing tasks. The authors take a close look at existing classification tasks from Zooniverse, and notice a large percentage of these tasks are multiple-step tasks. The authors propose an aggregation method to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple- step classifications when gold answers are not available. The proposed method is able to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple-step classifications when gold answers are not available. It also serves as a proxy to help task requesters to assess the quality of the crowdsourced results when they already have some gold answers, such as piloting specific multiple- step task design before putting it online for a larger scale. The proposed method is able to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple-step classifications when gold answers are not available. It also serves as a proxy to help task requesters to assess the quality of the crowdsourced results when they already have some gold answers, such as piloting specific multiple- step task design before putting it online for a larger scale.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce business entropy to analyze crowd network's intelligence level so that the correlation between professional category of the crowd subjects and crowd networks' intelligence level can be described. This paper establishes a multi-factor business entropy quantization (MFBEQ) model based on the influencing factors. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks (including logistics service supply chain, ant division and collaboration network and bit-coin network) are analyzed in detail. Then, k-means clustering based on differential evolution is proposed to cluster intelligent subjects in a crowd intelligence network, so as to obtain the business entropy of a certain crowd network. According to the equation of business entropy, it can be found that when the category of crowd subject is 1, the value of the business entropy of crowd network is 0, which exactly corresponds to a single intelligent subject. However, when the professional category of the crowd subject obeys uniform distribution, its value is the maximum. By combining these two factors, the multi-factor business entropy quantization (MFBEQ) model is proposed. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks are analyzed in detail. Finally, the improved k-means clustering algorithm is introduced to cluster the intelligent subjects in the network so that the entropy of the network can reach optimum. This paper combines qualitative analysis of the factors affecting business entropy and quantitative expression of business entropy to discuss the relationship between professional categories of intelligent subjects in crowd intelligence network and the intelligence level of crowd network. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks are analyzed in detail.
The purpose of this paper is to study the transaction credit model based on the unstructured crowd transaction network. The model has to address the defects of current models on existing e-commerce platforms, including the one-sided measurement, low accuracy and insufficient anti-aggression solutions. The authors first construct the transaction credit model based on the crowd transaction network. This model comprehensively considers factors that influence the transactioncredit, including transaction evaluation, transaction time, transaction status, transaction amount and transaction times. The transaction status includes transaction failure times and transaction failure amount, which improves the accuracy of transaction credit evaluation. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations. Simulation results show that the model is superior with high accuracy and anti-aggression. The simulation results show that the model is superior with high accuracy and anti-aggression. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations. This paper proposes a model based on the unstructured crowd transaction network. The model comprehensively considers factors that influence the transaction credit, including transaction evaluation, transaction time, transaction status, transaction amount and transaction times. The transaction status includes transaction failure times and transaction failure amount, which improves the accuracy of transaction credit evaluation. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an Adaptive Information Sharing Approach for Crowd Networks (AISCN approach) to explore the optimized information-sharing pattern for crowd networks based on the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization. Based on network topologies and incoming tasks of different bee colony and supply chain, the AISCN approach adopts the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization, and quantifies the effectiveness value of shared information IV(t) for a task t in the crowd network. The approach used heuristic algorithm to solve a composite objective function which takes all these factors into consideration, so that the optimized information-sharing pattern can be obtained. The authors applied the approach on two crowd networks, including bee colonies and supply chains, to prove the effectiveness of the approach. The authors demonstrate the effectiveness of the AISCN approach on two crowd networks, including bee colony and supply chain, to demonstrate the applicability of the approach. The authors find that the shared information has a positive impact on the performance of the crowd network. This paper proposes an Adaptive Information Sharing Approach for Crowd Networks (AISCN approach) to explore the optimized information-sharing pattern for crowd networks. The approach adopts the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization, and quantifies the effectiveness value of shared information IV(t) for a task t in the crowd network.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a community-based framework for minimizing the influence of dynamic rumor (CoF-MIDR) based on community structure. The authors propose a CoF-MIDR algorithm, which selects the blocked nodes and adopts a dynamic blocking strategy to minimize the influence scope of rumors. Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to test the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed CoF-MIDR algorithm. The results show that the number of infected nodes in the network is significantly reduced, so blockage based on community structure can further reduce infected nodes. In addition, a dynamic blocking strategy is adopted to expose fewer people to the rumor information, so as to reduce the influence scope of rumors as much as possible. This paper proposes a method for measuring the influence of nodes based on the community structure and the probability of rumor influence between nodes and proposes a CoF-MIDR algorithm, which selects the blocked nodes and adopts a dynamic blocking strategy to minimize the influence scope of rumors. Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a comprehensive data management and analytic approach for General Society Survey (GSS) data set based on a set of data mining algorithms. The approach can explore hidden patterns from the data set, which can be interpreted as knowledge. The CBDMM approach works in a two-phase manner: data management phase and data mining phase. During the data management stage, GSS data pre-processing method and filter-based attributes selection method are designed to improve data quality and filter out redundant attributes for the oncoming data mining analyses. In the data mining stage, a set of state-of-art data mining algorithms are used to perform holistic analyses including classification analysis, association analysis, predictive analysis and clustering analysis. The results generated by these analyses can be interpreted and visualized, and then stored as knowledge. The proposed CBDMM approach can provide a unified and effective way to analyze the GSS data sets. The results generated by these data mining analyses can be interpreted and visualized, and then be stored as knowledge. By using the proposed approach, constructive knowledges regarding the key key individuals' life happiness were extracted from the CGSS data set. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first work which proposed a data-mining based comprehensive analytic approach for GSS data set, which can provide the professions a unified and effective way to analyze the data set. The approach can provide comprehensive analysis with algorithms in different analytic categories, hence it can be used to perform variety kinds of analytic tasks.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an anomaly detection method to improve the intelligent level of smart articles based on multiple group correlation probability models. A set of monitoring data is derived from equipment's machine speed, pump speed, driving device for lubricating oil, driving temperature, lubricating device for driving oil, machine speed and pump speed of equipment. The monitoring data sequences are clustered by using multiple group correlation probability models (MGCMs). The MGCMs are used to cluster the monitoring data into a few groups, and then the group correlation probabilities are determined by using the MGCM. The results show that the proposed method is able to detect abnormal data effectively and accurately in a large amount of monitoring data. The intelligent level of the smart articles can be improved by using the new method. The original method is no longer adapted to so many of the monitoring data sequence types. Different sensors produce a large number of isomerous monitoring data while the same sensors produce large numbers of isomorphic data. It is very difficult to detect abnormal data effectively and accurately in a large amount of data. This paper proposes an anomaly detection method to improve the intelligent level of smart articles based on multiple group correlation probability models.
Community Question Answering (CQA) is a Web-based service that leverages the "wisdom of crowds" in which people can seek information by asking a question and simultaneously share knowledge by providing answers on questions asked by the rest of the community. The purpose of this paper is to depict the current trends and highlight the areas that require further attention from the research community on expert recommendation in CQA. Based on a comprehensive review and a classification of approaches employed in CQA systems, the authors propose a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. The authors summarize and compare the advantages and shortcomings of state-of-the-art techniques based on a representative sample of approaches. The authors propose a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of CQA expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. More specifically, the authors categorize the profile of content into four types: textual features, non-textual features, thread features and topic statistics, while the profile profile of users is categorized as question answering (QA) features and non-QA features. Based on an elaborate classification of the various types of expert recommendation approaches, future researchers can get a better understanding of possible state-of-the-art approaches. Based on a comprehensive review and a classification of approaches employed in CQA systems, the main contributions are as follows: a proposal of a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. A comprehensive understanding of characteristics of entities (both users and content) of expert recommendations. More specifically, the authors categorize the profile of content into four types: textual features, non-textual features, thread features and topic statistics, while the profile profile of users is categorized as question answering (QA) features and non-QA features.
The purpose of this paper is to propose rim chain as a new kind of interconnection architecture. Rim chain is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. The digital-self is the core in the rim chain network; it maps people, things, organizations and enterprises from the physical world to the digital world. Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-selfs. The digital- self is the core in the Rim chain network; it maps people, things, organizations and enterprises from the physical world to the digital world. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital selfs also can interact with each other in the digitalworld, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- selves. Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-self. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital- selfs also can interact with each other in the digital world, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- Selfs. As a core of rim chains network, theDigital-self plays an important role on the evolution of the Rim chain network. Just as individuals in the real world are constantly changing, thedigital-self will change over time. In the process of change, individuals will form new social relationships, so in rim chain networks, the Digital- Self will form links in the new circle. The digital-Self is the core in the Rim Chain Network. Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-self. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital- selfs also can interact with each other in the digital world, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- Selfs. As a core of rim chains network, theDigital-self plays an important role on the evolution of the rim chain.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the current status and key research issues in the knowledge payment field. To explore the key issues in the knowledge payment field, this paper collects research literatures related to news paywall, online health consultation platform and so on. The research literature mainly comes from six bibliographic databases, including ABI, ACM Digital Library, Elsevier, EBSCO, SAGE and JSTOR where we can find papers that are highly relevant to the research field; to include as many relevant papers as possible, we choose synonyms of knowledge payment, the names of knowledge payments platforms, as well as online health consultations as search terms. Finally, the search terms are: TO = ("knowledge payment" OR "pay for knowledge" OR "'pay for answer" OR 'paid Q&A' OR 'pay content subscription' or 'paywall' OR "social Q& A" OR ''Quora' OR ''Zhihu'' OR 'Google Answers'' OR ''Mahalo Answer'' OR "online health consultation'" OR 'online health community.'" This paper clarifies the definition of the knowledge payment concept and analyzes the differences of knowledge payment business models. Then, it divides the existing research literature into three main parts according to the research objects, namely, knowledge supplier, knowledge demander and knowledge payment platform. From these three perspectives, this paper summarizes and evaluates the key research issues in detail to provide important references and directions for future research. This paper summarizes and evaluates the key research issues in detail to provide important references and directions for future research in the knowledge payment field.
The purpose of this paper is to build the cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion system and propose the methodology of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network in order to realize the interaction, cooperation and evolution of various Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles. The authors build cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion system and propose the methodology of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network in this paper. The authors establish a general model in terms of structure model of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles in crowd intelligence network. The authors propose the rules and methods of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network to realize comprehensive, real, correct and synchronous projection in cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion space. The authors establish a general model in terms of structure of structure and structure of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles in the crowd intelligence network. In addition, the authors build the mental model and interconnected model of various Digital- selfs, thus laying a solid foundation for the theory of modeling, simulation, intelligent transactions, evolution and stability of Crowd Intell Network system. The originality of this paper can be summarized as follows: the authors propose the rules and methods of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network to realize comprehensive, real, correct and synchronous projection in cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion space; the authors establish a general model in terms of structure of structure and structure of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles; and the authors build a solid foundation for the theory of modeling, simulation, intelligent transactions, evolution and stability of crowd intelligence network system, which are the essential questions of Crowd Science and Engineering.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the prediction role of feeling of injustice on network social mobilization and the mediating role of anger and resentment on the relationship between feeling of justice and network social mobilized. In this study, Python language was used to write web crawler to obtain microblog data and conduct word segmentation and word matching operations on microblog contents, which is innovative to some extent. But the use of computer technology to obtain large amounts of data has its inherent drawbacks - accuracy is not high enough. Therefore, the compilation of the feeling of injustice vocabulary is derived from the network social mobilization that has taken place, and the word-cutting technique is used to cut the words on Weibo comments. The results show that the feeling of injustice has a significant positive effect on network social mobilization, and anger and resentment have a significant mediating role in the relationship between the felt of injustice and network social mobilization. This study is one of the first attempts to examine the mechanism of network social mobilization by using the feeling of injustice as a mediating variable and the mediating role of anger and resentment. This study is also the first attempt to use Python language to obtain microblog data and conduct word segmentation and word matching operations on microblog contents.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce an epidemic model to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The authors introduce the epidemic models from epidemiology and the evolutionary dynamics of the natural ecological systems to analyze the information diffusion process over the social networks. In this paper, an epidemic model is introduced to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The epidemic models from epidemiology are extended by introducing other groups to describe the diffusion process, and the authors introduce the "Potential-Infective-Potential" epidemic model to study user behavior in such crowd intelligence network. The authors also introduce the evolutionary dynamics of the natural ecological systems to analyze the information diffusion over the social networks. The results show that the proposed epidemic model can be used to model the information diffusion process in crowd intelligence networks, and the proposed model provides important guidelines on the design of efficient and effective mechanisms to manage the information sharing and network evolvement of suchrowd intelligence networks. This paper introduces a new epidemic model to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The proposed model can be used to analyze the information diffusion process in the crowd intelligence network, to understand the decision-making process of users, to analyze how they influence each other and the impact of such interactions on the entire network, and to design efficient and effective mechanisms to manage the information sharing and network evolvement of such crowd intelligence systems.
The purpose of this paper is to present a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. According to the nature of smart contract, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established. This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established. The models are mainly divided into several aspects: atomic model, contract structure model,contract state model and contract execution model. These models illustrate the implementation of smart contract form different aspect. Starting from these aspects, this paper proposes a decomposition method of Smart Contract. This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established. The models are mainly divided into several aspects: atomic model, contract structure model,contract state model and contract execution model. These models illustrate the implementation of smart contract form different aspect. This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the notion and general concept of collective hybrid intelligence (CHI) as a new complementary computing and automation concept. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans' and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration. In this paper the notion and general concept of CHI as a new complementary computing and automation concept is proposed. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans' and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration. The major building blocks of the presented framework are some well-experienced and successful approaches, namely distributed computing, collective human intelligence, human hybrid intelligence and collective machine intelligence. To support the introduced idea, its different different conceptual architecture, the conceptual architecture and workflow are delineated and discussed. According to the current findings and achievements as the building blocks of the introduced solution, it is expected that the proposed concept could extend borders of the researches in the field to increase efficacy of human-machine synergy in performing computing tasks. The authors anticipate that this concept can provide unprecedented functionality and performance for human-cooperated processing and computing procedures in the near future. In this paper the notion and general concept of CHI as a new complementary computing and automation concept is proposed. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration. The major building blocks of the presented framework are some well-experienced successful approaches, namely distributed computing, collective computing, human intelligence, human computing, hybrid intelligence and collective machine intelligence.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a new map matching algorithm (MMA) based on priority rule (MMPR) for low sampling frequency vehicle navigation data. A priority-based map matching algorithm based on priority rule (MMPR) is designed and compared. Based on the application range of the algorithm, a map matching based on MMPR is designed. The innovative MMPR accurately calculates the angle between the speed direction and the road traffic direction. First, find the closest point to the candidate road segment, comprehensively consider the tangential direction and road traffic type of the point, and finally determine the angles between the road Traffic direction and speed direction through conversion. Based on the application range of the algorithm, a map matching based on priority rule (MMPR) is designed and compared. The experimental results verify that the accuracy ratio based on the priority ratio-based algorithm is higher, the accuracy of the proposed algorithm exceeds 98.1 per cent. The innovation of the algorithm lies in: MMPR finds the candidate road segment by setting the priority of the factor, which is different from the existing weight algorithm, so that the importance of the two factors of speed direction and distance can be effectively measured. The innovative MMPR accurately calculates the angle between the speed and the road traffic direction.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new dynamic prediction model of cardiovascular disease (CVD) using improved long short-term memory (LSTM) by smoothing the irregular time between different medical stages of the patient to obtain the temporal feature vector. In this paper, the authors improved the LSTM by smoothing the irregular time between different medical stages of the patient to obtain the temporal feature vector. The temporal featurevector is used as the input of the forgetting threshold, which can effectively deal with the irregulartime interval between the multi-period data and improve the predictive performance of the model. The experimental results show that the model proposed in this paper has a significant improvement in classification performance compared with the traditional LSTM model, which verifies the effectiveness of the model. The proposed model has a significant improvement in classification performance compared with the traditional LSTM model, which verifies the effectiveness of the proposed model. This model can effectively deal with the irregular time interval between the multi-period data and improve the predictive performance of the model.
The purpose of this paper is to review the definition of transaction and transaction mode, analyze the driving forces of the evolution of them and develop and summarize the definition and characteristics of intelligent transaction and intelligent transaction mode in the crowd intelligence network. This paper reviews the evolution of transaction and finds the driving force of transaction evolution is the social division of labor system. The authors review the transaction modes and discover the differentiation mechanism of them underlies in the transaction cost, efficiency and risk. Based on them, the authors attempt to give the definitions of intelligent transaction and intelligent transaction mode. The intelligent transaction is mainly reflected in the intellectualization of transaction subject, transaction object and transaction process. Focusing on the modes and rules of intelligent transaction in crowd intelligence networks, this study also innovatively proposes the concept on the division of transactions, and further uses this concept to deconstruct the connotation of "crowd." The authors divide the mode of intelligent transactions into four categories, which are single-demand- single-supply mode (S-S), single-Demand-multi-supplies mode (M-M), multi- demand-single-Supply mode(S-M) and multi-demand - multi-supplied mode(M-S). Furthermore, this paper discusses the general and special transaction rules for different transaction modes and provides further illustrations in combination with representative examples. Focusing on the modes and rules of intelligent transaction in crowd intelligence networks, this study also innovatively proposes the concept on the division of transactions, and further uses this concept to deconstruct the connotation of "crowd." The authors divide the mode of intelligent transactions into four categories, which are single-demand- single-supply mode (S-S), single- demand-multi-supplies mode (M-M), multi-Demand-Single-Supply mode(S-M) and multi- Demand-Multi-Supplies mode(M-S). Furthermore, this paper discusses the general and special transaction rules for different transaction modes and provides further illustrations in combination with representative examples.
The purpose of this paper is to study the perspectives and challenges of crowdsourcing for search engines. The paper aims to discuss the possible perspectives and also challenges of incorporating humans (i.e. Web users) into information retrieval, validation and evaluation processes. The paper is based on an extensive literature review and a detailed analysis of the related works. In addition, the rationale behind human-powered search engines and related challenges are investigated in detail. The paper finds that crowdsourcing for search engines is an interesting and promising field of research and practice. However, there is a need to consider location-based crowdsourcing, mining crowdsourced data and other related issues. In addition, there are some challenges of crowd-powered search engines. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first attempt to study the perspectives and challenges of crowdsourcing for search engines from a human-centered perspective.
verification, validation and accreditation (VV&A) is a significant mean to improve the credibility of simulations, especially during large-scale simulations. It is successfully affirmed in various studies of large- scale simulations to accredit and validate simulations results. The purpose of this paper is to review the origin and development of these techniques and provide an excellent review and details of current verification and validation techniques and frameworks. This research reviews the origin and development of VV&A theory, standards, frameworks, methods, methods and tools from a specific application to large-scale simulation applications (like multi-agent simulations). This research also focuses on which features and characteristics of V V&A can be utilized to solve a large- scale simulation problem. It explores the VVVA standards and frameworks and also discusses which VVA techniques and tools can be used to improve the credibility of simulations. The results of this survey show that VV&A is a significant means to improve the credibility of simulations, especially during large-scale simulations. It is successfully affirmed in various studies of large- scale simulations to accredit and validate simulations results. Moreover, it can also assist in reducing development and integration risk. This paper provides an excellent review and details of current verification and validation (VV&A) techniques and frameworks, which can be utilized to improve the credibility of large-scale simulations. Moreover, it also provides an overview of the origin and history of the development of these techniques and the features and characteristics of VV& A.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationships between gamification and motivational needs in technology design. Specifically, the authors draw upon motivational affordances theory to understand the motivational influences of gamification design. The authors conducted a literature analysis of published papers that focus on gamification and motivation that relates to technology design or evaluation. Specifically, the authors draw upon the motivational affordances theory to understand the motivational influences of gamification design. The authors found that the majority of the selected papers focus on the motivational effects of gamification design on basic human needs. The authors also found that gamification is a promising design approach that, when designed mindfully, can tap into human needs and thus attract more users to use information technology. This paper contributes to the literature on gamification design by exploring the relationships between gamification and motivational needs in technology design from the perspective of motivational affordances theory. The findings of this study can help researchers and practitioners to understand the underlying mechanism of user behavior in technology interaction.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the actual causes of increasing unlicensed electric taxi (E-taxi) and its extent in the Pabna municipal city of Bangladesh. This study used a qualitative method to acquire more depth about the topics, where the researcher gave concern to both commuter and operators' socio-economic, demographic and cultural profiles to understand how their socio-Economic, demographic conditions motivate them to conduct illegal taxi business. After the analysis of socio- economic condition of commuters and drivers, the researcher developed a statistical model, where ten predicted hypotheses (age, education level, marital status and family member support of illegal drivers and the variable of commuter satisfaction, e.g. safety, comfort, continuous service, affordability of service, reliability of service and driver behavior) were tested. The model was analyzed through the multiple regression analysis technique. It was found that: the routes of Pabna municipality were patronized by the illegal taxis very actively. All classes of urban dwellers use this mode for their daily transportation. The economic conditions and the lack of employment opportunity are the main causes to engage the commuters with this informal job. It ensures a stable job for both educated and uneducated people, which allows them to accommodate their families. But increasing number of taxis might be reducing the trips of the drivers. Commuters were very satisfied with the door-to-door service system of these informal taxis. The surplus illegal taxis create pressure on traffic management system by introducing road accident, traffic congestion and traffic rules' violations. This is the first study to find out the causes of increasing an illegal E-taxi in Bangladesh municipalities. The findings of this study will help the transport authorities and policy makers to take appropriate measures to reduce the number of these illegal taxis in the local transport system.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a real-time vision-based heart rate (HR) measurement framework that can detect human HR from normal webcams. HR measurement for home nursing assistance requires not only the accurate HR value, but also timeliness and user-friendliness. Such HR measurement frameworks should be capable of measuring elder people's HR when interacting with them in daily scenes to keep aware of their physical health and emotional states. The framework applies second-order blind signal identification (SOBI) algorithm to tackle the blind signal separation (BSS) problem and selects the remote photoplethysmogram signal based on spectral kurtosis, which is then verified by the spectral power distribution. A series of glitch removal methods and a peak detection method are employed to extract HR from the raw rPPG signal. A low-cost but efficient BSS method is applied in the framework. The framework has also been validated on data set to verify the correctness of signal processing. The framework can detect human HR from a distance under various circumstances including during daily conversation and is robust even with body swing and head motions allowing the users to be at ease at ease. The HR value can be calculated in real-time and a heartbeat curve can be produced at the same time. A low-cost but efficient BSS method is applied in the framework to verify the correctness of signal processing part. The framework has also been validated on data set to verify its robustness and accuracy. The contribution of this paper is proposing a non-contact HR measurement framework which is suitable for home nursing assistant robots. The framework can be flexibly used in various real-life scenes like domestic health assistance and affectively intelligent agents and is proved to be robust under such scenes.
The purpose of this paper is to use historical data to predict the road surface temperature (RST) of the expressway, which can give a fair warning to traffic management departments and drivers to reduce the accident rate and ensure the normal operation of theexpressway. The five algorithms used in this paper represent different learning strategies. The random forest and gradient boosting regression tree (RF and GBRT) base learners used are decision trees. In statistics and machine learning, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) is a regression analysis method that performs both variable selection and regularization to enhance the predictive accuracy and interpretability of the statistical model it produces. Ensemble learning is a machine-learning paradigm where multiple learners can be trained to solve the same problems. From the experimental results, it can be concluded that the generalization ability of the ensemble algorithm is stronger than that of the linear regression algorithm. At the same time, adjusting the parameters of integration strategy will have a great impact on prediction results and modeling time. This paper compares the predictive accuracy of five algorithms on RST prediction. From the experimental results, it can be concluded that the generalization ability of the ensemble algorithm is stronger than that of the linear regression algorithm. At the same time, adjusting the parameters of integration strategy will have a great impact on prediction results and modeling time.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel mobile devices compatibility testing approach for mobile devices and apps that is demonstrated as a web-based crowdtesting platform, named AskCrowd2Test. This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process and a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders. This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process. In addition, a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders as well as distributing their work to both developers and crowd testing. Besides, the AskCrowd2Test platform also builds a crowd-powered knowledge base (CPKB) regarding storing incompatibility issues and relevant solutions that were acquired while performing the test. This paper proposes a novel crowdsourcing approach for mobile devices compatibility testing that is demonstrated as a web-based crowdtesting platform, named AskCrowd2Test. This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process. In addition, a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders as well as distributing their work to both developers and crowd tester in the testing process is built.
The purpose of this paper is to make an opinion mining research on user online reviews and primary research studies the features in the reviews and takes the implicit features into account, to achieve a more complete extraction of review features. In this paper, the authors propose an opinion object extraction method in online shopping platform comments based on association rules. First, the comment sentences are segmented and part-of-speech tagged. In addition, IF-IDF select feature words. Then the particle swarm algorithm based on simulated annealing (SA-PSO) is used to select the feature words once again, and obtain a feature words set. Then, an improved FCM algorithm is proposed to cluster the explicit comment sentences (SA -FCM). Finally, association rules among explicit features, opinion words and categories are established. According to the opinions and association rules table, the evaluation objects in the comment features can be distinguished. At last, an experiment is conducted to test the proposed method. An experiment shows that the comment target extraction method proposed in this paper is meaningful. It can help users make more comprehensive purchase decisions from the purchased product, and the businesses can improve the product based on the user's feedback. This paper makes an opinion mining research on user online reviews and primary research studies the features in the reviews and takes the implicit features into account, to achieve a more complete extraction of review features. This paper grabs user review data from the e-commerce platform, and carries out operations such as segmentation, and part-of-speech tagging on the captured data. Then extracts the feature words twice. An improved FCM algorithm based on SA to cluster the explicit comment sentences (SA-FCM). In addition, the authors mine association rules among explicit features, opinion words and categories.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how to use the graphical evolutionary game theory (EGT) to analyze the static state and the dynamics of information diffusion on social networks. In this paper, the authors summarize the key results of studies (Jiang et al., 2014a, 2014b and 2016) to illustrate how the graphical evolutionary game theory (EGT) can be used to model information diffusion. In this paper, the authors summarized the key results of studies (Jiang et al., 2014a, 2014b and (Cao et al. 2016) to illustrate how the graphical EGT can be used to model information diffusion. It was shown that users with different number of followers can have different influences, and thus, information diffusion over social networks is similar to biological evolution. In this paper, the authors summarized three papers to discuss how to use the graphical evolutionary game theory to analyze the static state and the dynamics of information diffusion in social network.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between electroencephalogram (EEG) data and elderly's response time (RT) in response to attentional task (Stroop color task) and behavioral index of attention (attention level). The authors extracted information from single frontal channel EEG recorded during an attention-demanded task, as neural marker, and explored how these EEG features are correlated with elderly's response time (RT), as behavioral marker of attention. The authors also explored the time course of brain activity during executive function which has not been well addressed in the literature. Exploiting these findings, the authors further investigated whether EEG-representative features can replace RBANS (the traditional neurophysiological test) in identifying elderly individuals' attention level. The results reveal that theta beta ratio (TBR) and alpha gamma ratio (AGR) carry information about elderly's response time (RT) in response to attentional tasks. Additionally, the results suggest that the most representative period of brain activity during executive function (the function that is activated by performing Stroop test) is a 500ms duration starting right after cue onset. Then, the authors exploit these findings to predict subject's attention level which is measured using repeatable battery for the assessment of neurophysiological status (RBANS). This study contributes to the literature by exploring the relationship between neural and behavioral markers of attention for elderly subjects. The authors also explored the time course of brain activity during executive function which has not been well addressed in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to apply biclustering algorithm to extract rules from microarray data. The objective is to find the useful rules or knowledge hidden in the data. In this paper, biclustering algorithm is used to extract rules from labeled data by means of support vector machines (SVMs). The data matrix is a kind of data matrix used to represent the expression level of different genes under specific conditions simultaneously. Each element is a real number which is often the logarithm of the relative abundance of the Relative abundance (R) of the mRNA of the gene. The results obtained by biclustering algorithm are compared with those obtained by other methods and it is found that the proposed method is able to extract useful rules from labeled data with a high degree of accuracy and interpretability. Moreover, it is also found that it is possible to extract rules from the data with the help of bic Lustering algorithm. This paper is the first attempt to apply biclustering algorithm to extract rules from labeled data. The proposed method can be applied to a wide range of biological data sets, like microarray data, which are usually difficult to explain.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as QTC (quality-time-complexity) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality. The authors introduce three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent. Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the expected accumulative reward quality (EAR) achieved by the agent during an intelligent test. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. In this paper, the authors propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as QTC (quality-time-complexity) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the noise data in environmental informatics which is collected while logging from various sensing devices. It has been observed that there is a possibility of some missing data or some incoherent noise intervention at the time of collecting environmental data from different types of logging devices. The irregular spatio-temporal sampling and nature of P make the problem significantly different from the missing data problems in other data acquisition systems. Mobile phones are not meant to be used for dedicated sensing, thus negotiating sampling rates (and intervals) with heterogeneous set of users may not work here. Therefore, estimation of missing data samples is required such that the data remain valuable. The study proposes spatio-temporal and geo-statistics mechanisms of data analysis for the real-time cleaning, filtering and mapping. Environmental data informatics is an emerging discipline which helps to clean environmental data. This study addresses the environmental informatics issues related to deterministic and stochastic approaches using PWSN. The focus is on the comparative study of parametric and non-parametric regression techniques to estimate missing data samples. The simulation results show that the non-parametric approach outperforms the parametric techniques thus suits well for estimation task in PWSN. Noise pollution monitoring is used as an illustrative example; however, same estimation techniques are applicable to other applications such as road traffic monitoring, air pollution monitoring and CO2 monitoring. The study proposes spatio-temporal and geo-statistics mechanisms of data analysis for the real-time cleaning, filtering and mapping. Environmental data informatics is an emerging discipline which helps to clean environmental data. This study addresses the environmental informatics issues related to deterministic and stochastic approaches using PWSN.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how software development behaviour data can be used to assess students' programming and soft skills. As agile software development (ASD) involves many human factors reflecting developers' personal characteristics compared with other plan-driven methodologies, the authors focus on tracking students' activities in the process. The authors conducted a 12-week study involving 125 undergraduate software engineering students from the Beihang University, Beijing, China. The students self-organized into 21 agile software development (ASD) teams of five to seven persons. Each team developed one software system of significant complexity following the Scrum ASD method as part of their course requirements. During the study, students logged 169,137 ASD activities in the Human-centred Agile Software Engineering (HASE) APM platform. The authors demonstrate the potential of this research direction and discuss its implications for software engineering education. By analysing the collected data set to reflect students' programming skills, collaboration and mood stability, the authors demonstrate how software development behaviour data can be used to assess students' Programming and Soft Skills. The findings show that students' software development activity trajectory data reflect their programming and soft skill development over time. This paper presents a novel data-driven approach to assess software engineering students' skills. Different from traditional interview/internship-based methods, the study is based on participants' ASD activity trajectory data collected unobtrusively during normal software development processes through the HASE APM platform. This type of data objectively reflects developers' ASD activities and performance at fine granularity.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically and comprehensively analyze the e-participation research literature retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. The authors use CiteSpace to analyze the e-participation research literature retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database from 2001 to 2017. The authors conduct a scientometric analysis by using a unified standard for visual analysis and include related literatures as much as possible. The basic distribution reveals that e-participation has aroused wide attention of scholars. The USA ranks first in the field. Author and institution cooperation networks with less internal cooperation are sparse. Through keywords analysis, the authors found that "social media" with 196 cited times appeared for the first time as a keyword in 2010, followed by "Facebook" and "twitter" appearing in 2012 and 2013 successively. Simultaneously, "Twitter" is a burst term that has emerged in recent years. Therefore, e- participation through social media is gradually becoming the research focus. Different from previous literature review, the authors focus on "participation", excluding many articles on the initial stage of e-government, and thus making the results more specific and explicable. In addition, CiteSpace is used to vividly and comprehensively demonstrate the development trend. The authors also find that e-participation has become the most frequently used concept in recent years compared with "e-government", " e-democracy" and other similar terms.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy and propose corresponding policy recommendations for the government governance of the sharing Economy. Based on the externality theory, this paper identifies three sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy, namely, sharing of products or services, constraint mechanisms and restraint mechanisms, and explores which economic features constitute the source of these sources and whether specific patterns exacerbate these sources. It further proposes corresponding governance strategy. Three sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy were identified, namely, sharing of products or services, constraint mechanisms and restraint mechanisms. It was found that modes with less sharing and more relaxed constraint mechanisms, such as online vehicles and network short-term rentals, or modes with higher sharing nature and stricter restraint mechanisms,such as shared bikes, both promoted negative externality. The authors further proposed corresponding governance strategy. This paper provides a new path for the healthy development of the sharing economy and avoids its adverse effects. It also provides a theoretical basis for the government governance of the Sharing Economy.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a data management and analytic approach for disability data based on a set of data mining algorithms. The approach can improve the quality of disability big data, and then explore useful information from it. These information been explored can help professionals making policies and decisions to improve the wellbeing of disable population. In the data management phase of the proposed BDMM approach, interpolation analysis and anomaly detection analysis are performed to improve the quality of disability datasets by estimating missing attribute values and detecting anomaly and low-quality data instances. In the data mining phase, useful patterns which describe the correlation, association and interactional between the disability data attributes can be fully explored through performing all the major types of data mining analytics which include association analysis, classification analysis and prediction analysis. The experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed BDMM approach. Furthermore, since the results generated by different analysis are all regarding the difference between male and female disability population, the results mutually proofed each other. For instance, all the three analyses have shown that: there are more female population who are at school than that of male population; the female population are more likely to be married than male population, and male population need more employment assistance than female population, etc. The major contributions of this paper are as follows: the authors proposed the first comprehensive big data management and mining approach for Sociological datasets of disability population, and it is possible to apply this approach on other kinds of sociological datasets. In the data management phase of the approach, an anomaly detection scheme which combines data dimension reduction algorithm with density based anomaly detection algorithm is proposed. To help profession performing data-driven decision making, in the data mining phase, the authors used a set of data mining algorithms which can generate interpretable patterns.
Crowdsource-based open innovation (COI) is the process by which enterprises crowdsource users to participate in open innovation tasks on Web 2.0 platforms to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. The purpose of this paper is to analyze COI and discuss the following issues: the key parties in innovation tasks and their interactions; and the value-co-creation mechanism of innovation and the realization of open innovation by integrating internal and external resources. This paper first discusses the concepts of open innovation and crowdsourcing and tries to define COI, then it analyzes the value co-creation mechanism underlying COI and discusses the following issues: the key parties in innovation tasks and their interactions; and the value Co-creation Mechanism of innovation and the realization of COI by integrating internal and external resources. Finally, it summarizes the main conclusions and puts forward a theoretical framework for further studies. COI is the process in which enterprises crowdsource users to participate in open innovation tasks on Web 2.0 platforms to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. The users and the enterprise expert are the two key participants in COI's value-co-creation mechanism. In specific analysis, enterprises first choose the form of crowdsourcing and define task requirements, then, through crowdsourcing platforms, call on users to participation in product innovation tasks. Next, users respond to enterprises' invitation by generating and submitting their own ideas, while simultaneously browsing, browsing and voting, rating and commenting on their fellow users' Ideas. At this stage, users contribute their technologies, abilities and ideas. Then, enterprise experts scrutinize and give feedback on users' idea to identify high-quality ideas, and at the same time, organize and coordinate activities and communication among users and enterprise to stimulate communication and enhance relationships. COI is the process by which enterprises crowdsource and organize users to participate in open innovation tasks, to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. Web 2.0 technology is a crucial tool in this process, which provides a communication platform for the exchange of information and effective value-co-creation activities between enterprises and users.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as quality-time-complexity (QTC) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality (EAR). The authors introduce the agent-environment framework for conducting intelligent test and then introduce the three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the expected accumulative reward quality achieved by the agent during an intelligent test. Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the EAR achieved by the agent during an intelligent test. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. The authors proved that there are correlations between the reward quality and the two other factors. In this paper, the authors propose a universal intelligent measure approach: quality-time-complexity intelligence measure approach. The authors abstract three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the intelligence of an agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of crowdsourcing from a theoretical perspective. This paper aims to provide an overview of the concept, its definition, the reasons for crowdsourcing and its application in organizations. The paper also aims to explore how crowdsourcing can be used in organizations to overcome human resource bottlenecks. It also attempts to identify the factors that influence crowdsourcing. This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on crowdsourcing. It is a conceptual paper based on an extensive review of relevant literature. Crowdsourcing in recent years has emanated as a fresh area of study for research. Because of its uniqueness, various researchers and practitioners have found it to be a very interesting and rewarding aspect to explore. It is seen as a new and dynamic web-enabled service platform which is very suitable for using the tremendous potentials of the people via the internet. It may appear like that the idea of crowdsourcing is simply twenty-first-century advancement. This paper is the first of its kind to explore crowdsourcing from a theoretical perspective. It provides a comprehensive overview of crowdsourcing in the Indian context. It also provides an insight into how crowdsourcing can be implemented in the real world.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systemic overview of knowledge management (KM) by providing a deep theoretical review and analysis of KM from different perspectives. Literature bibliometric, theoretical basic analysis and designing approaches' re-view were used as the main approaches in this research. The authors summarize and analyze some major theoretical conceptions about KM. Then the authors give a comprehensive review about the approaches for designing the KM system. This paper provides a systemic overview of KM from different perspectives including conception, stages, representation and design of KM system. It also provides a comprehensive review about the approaches for designing the KM system, which can be used by researchers and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current visiting conditions and prepare management plans for future expansion to accommodate the expected number of visitors within specific locations at Al-Masjid an-Nawabi in the city of Medina, Saudi Arabia. The population density at Al-Masjid an-Nabawi during the busiest seasons of Al-Hajj (pilgrimage) and Umrah (holy month of Ramadan) is determined by using the population density index (PDI) method. The population density is calculated using the average population density of the entire city of Medina, which is approximately 3390 people/km2. The density is then compared with the actual population of the Mosque of Prophet (PBUH) during the same season. The results of this study indicate that the crowd density at Al-Masjid an-Nabawi is approximately 3390 people/km2, which is reasonable and provides a reassured margin of safety that could accommodate even a higher number of visitors; however, this study must be conducted on a regular basis to identify the scope of further modifications and capacity enhancement. The methodology adopted in this study gave a reasonable information of crowd dynamics that can be adopted by any responsible crowd management authority that aims to accommodate a large number of visitors during the busiest seasons without causing any harm to the visitors. The data collected in this research study could be used for future research to simulate similar crowd scenes or different crowd management scenarios in case of emergencies such as fire hazards or evacuation.
The purpose of this paper is to present a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent. This paper presents a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. The authors focus on researchers' related work, especially that under which circumstance can group show their wisdom, how to measure it, and how to optimize it and its modern or future applications in the digital world. The literature review shows that collective intelligence appears in many fields such as public decisions, voting activities, social networks and crowdsourcing. Crowd science mainly focuses on the basic principles and laws of the intelligent activities of groups under the new interconnection model. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential, to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent. This paper presents a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential, to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent.
As main mode of modern service industry and future economy society, the research on crowd network can greatly facilitate governances of economy society and make it more efficient, humane, sustainable and at the same time avoid disorders. Simulation is the main means to put forward related research studies. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel reflective memory-based framework toward crowd network simulations. The proposed framework adopts a two-level federation-based architecture, system level simulation and application level simulation, which separates simulation related environments into physical and logical aspect to enhance the flexibility of simulations. Simulation definition is introduced in this architecture to resolve the problem of outside agreements and share resources pool (constructed by reflective memory) is used to address the systemic emergence and scale problem. Comparing with existing simulation methods, the proposed framework enjoys several sound improvements: Simulation syntax and semantic are all settled under this framework by templates, especially interface templates. As simulations are separated by two-level federations, physical and logical simulation environment are considered separately. The definition of simulation execution is flexible. When developing new simulations, recompile is not necessary, which can acquire much more reusability. As reflective memory is adopted as share memory within given simulation execution in this framework, population can be perceived by all federates, which greatly enhances the scalability of this kind of simulations. The proposed framework adopts a two-level federation-based architecture, system level simulation and application level simulation, which separates simulation related environments into physical and logical aspect to enhance the flexibility of simulations. Simulation definition is introduced in this architecture to resolve the problem of outside agreements and share resources pool (constructed by reflective memory) is used to address the systemic emergence and scale problem. Comparing with existing simulation methods, the proposed framework enjoys several sound improvements: Simulation syntax and semantic are all settled under this framework by templates, especially interface templates. As simulations are separated by two- level federations, physical or logical simulation environment are considered separately.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an improved algorithm for personalized recommendation on Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs). The authors combine the basic idea of collaborative filtering (CF) with the attributes of MOOC videos' structure's feature to propose a new algorithm of personalized recommendation. In this paper, the authors combine the CF's basic idea with the attributes of MOOC videos' structure to propose a new algorithm of personalized recommendation. The authors propose a multi-attribute weight algorithm (MAWA) using the attribute weight and attribute value weight to get accurate users' preferences. The MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the uncertain neighbors' collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm (UNCF). The results of the experiment show that the MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the uncertain neighbors' collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm (UNCF). The results of this paper can be used in other fields as well. The MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the UNCF. The authors also conduct an experiment to verify the results of MAWA.
The purpose of this paper is to study the decisions of middlemen about the division of labor in e-commerce transaction system. The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. Meanwhile, the authors consider the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices. The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. On this basis, the authors set up a decision model of middlemen's transaction services specialized production. Meanwhile, they consider the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices, which makes the model more real. The authors simulate the middleman's decisions to explore the effect of transaction efficiencies on middle men's division of labor and the effects of the degree of specialization economy, the price gradient and the relative equilibrium price on the results. The results show that with the improvement of transaction efficiency, the level of division of labor first ascends, then descends and may finally ascends again. The improvement of the transaction efficiency decreases the costs of buying transaction services, which makes middlemen able to put more resource to produce the service with highest profit. However, with the further improvement ofTransaction efficiency, there is no need to buy service from the market for middlemen. The services they produce themselves can satisfy their demand. Thus, thelevel of thedivision of labor descends. When transaction efficiency reaches a higher value, a lower commodity equilibrium price or a lower price gradient may make middlemen start specialized product again for help them make more profit. The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. On this basis, the authors set up a decision model of middlemen's transaction services specialized production. Meanwhile, the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices is considered, which makes the model more real. This research provides a theoretical basis for the evolution of e-commerce transaction system.
The purpose of this paper is to use the New Empirical Industrial Organization (NEIO) theory, measure the market power and scale flexibility of internet industry and discuss the relationship between market power, scale economy and welfare loss. The authors use the New Empirical Industrial Organization (NEIO) method to measure the market forces of the internet platform enterprises. The NEIO method provides a viable approach to direct measurement of market premium rates. First, the internet platform companies have a high market concentration, but do not have obvious market power, the industry still maintain a high competitive vitality. The internet platform enterprises have shown a scale effect and co-existence. The situation is a case to crack the Marshall Conflict. At the same time, as related issue closely to the market forces, this article also briefly discussed the welfare losses, according to Harberger's (1954) research framework. Compared with the existing literature, this paper found that the monopoly structure may do not cause welfare losses. The empirical results of competition efficiency and scale effect are contrary to the traditional theory. This paper provides a new standard to judge market power to better define the monopoly of the industry and provide theoretical guidance for antitrust practice. Compared to market share, the market markup is a more direct indicator of market power. It reflects the difference between firm price and marginal cost. If we can measure this indicator quantitatively, we can determine whether monopoly is forming.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a new agriculture architecture to realize an agricultural production trading with convenient operation, accurate delivery, intelligent remind, transparent production, dynamic price and transparent trading. MCIN-ASA refers to the classic software architecture, MVC, and adds the physic layer, which is called PMVC system together. The architecture is divided into four layers. The physic layer includes ERP systems, the Internet of Things (IoT) devices, animals and plants, which are the source of information. The model layer includes data acquisition, data transmission and data storage. The controller layer is mainly used for undertaking a series of functions in production management and supply-demand matching, including the supply- demand matching based on MCIN addressing method, intelligent production management, intelligent trading methods and the view layer. Finally, cooperated with the user interface which can be called personalized portals, the authors complete the operation of the whole architecture. The authors use the full range of information to design MCIN-ASA participants, which greatly enhance the realism and credibility between enterprises, between enterprises and consumers and between consumers and commodities in cyberspace. The authors establish the personalized portal for enterprises and individuals to enhance the convenience during production process and the process of consumer spending. The point-to-point precision interconnection between enterprise and consumer personalized portals, intelligent transactions, process tracing and credible technology based on the block chain enhance the synergies operating quality between enterprises. The authors use the full range of information to design the MCIN-ASA participants, which greatly enhance the realism and credibility between enterprises, between enterprises and consumers and between consumers and commodities in cyberspace. The authors establish the personalized portal for enterprises and individuals to enhance the convenience during production process and the process of consumer spending. The point-to-point precision interconnection between enterprise and consumer personalized portals, intelligent transactions, process tracing and credible technology based on the block chain enhance the synergies operating quality between enterprises.
The purpose of this paper is to present a systematic approach that projects the offline population distribution in fixed geographical regions by modeling the geo-homophily of online social network (OSN) users' communication in OSN. The authors first establish a three-layered theoretic framework that first maps the online message diffusion among friends in the OSN to the offline population distribution via a Dirichlet process (DP) and then projects the FP across geographical regions given the derived population distribution. The authors derive the condition for a division of geographical regions to have a non-decreasing stability from the DP-based prediction models: the authors formulate the population distribution problem from the perspective of DP and present a theoretical framework to project the population distributions over fixed geographical regions by casting online message distribution into the established framework. Based on the derived distribution, the authors propose a prediction model that utilizes the message diffusion graph in OSNs to infer the floating population (FP) across regions. The results indicate that a division of geographical regions is stable only if the OSN users in these divided regions show a strong geo-homophily; people in each region prefer communicating with others in the same region more than those in other regions, and the Dirichlet process (DP) provides a viable way of modeling the distribution of OSNs users across offline regions. Moreover, the proposed prediction models have a high prediction accuracy in character. This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a novel approach to project the population distribution over fixed geographical regions by modeling the geo-homophily of OSNs. The proposed prediction models have a high prediction accuracy in character.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is a fast-growing industry targeted to transform cities, farms, factories, homes and practically everything else to be more intelligent and efficient. Low-Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) is an emerging technology in the current market, which is an LPWAN solution intended for the systems, which require the ability to send and receive low amounts of data over a range of 2-20 km with low power costs. The purpose of this paper is to propose a blockchain-based trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used to share data between end nodes, gateways, network servers and application servers. This paper proposes a blockchain-based solution to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used to share data between end nodes and gateways in a star-of-stars topology. The proposed solution is based on the blockchain technology, which is a distributed ledger technology, and it uses the blockchain as a trustless mechanism to secure and secure the network. The blockchain is used as a platform for sharing data among end nodes, gateways and network servers. The results show that the blockchain can be used to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which is capable of sharing data between end nodes, gateways, network servers, application servers and customer servers. The blockchain can also be used as a trustless platform for the sharing of data among end nodes. This paper is the first attempt to use blockchain technology to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used as a proof-of-concept for other LPWAN technologies in the IoT market.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an AI-empowered smart pillbox system that provides context-aware reminders for medication adherence. This paper proposes an AI-empowered smart pillbox system that provides context-aware reminders. Context information is acquired by multi-sensor system placed in a smart home environment. A novel argumentation based approach is adopted for solving the activity recognition problem and reminder planning problem. The activity recognition module is able to produce classification results comparable to pure machine learning approaches while significantly reducing the training time. By considering user's context information, the proposed smart pillbox system is expected to produce more meaningful reminders that occur at opportune moments and on appropriate devices, which may improve medication adherence in comparison to pure time-based reminders. Moreover, this argumentation-based approach can generate argumentative explanations to classification results and reminding decisions, which makes the reasoning process more transparent and interpretable. By considering user's context information, the proposed smart pillbox system is expected to produce more meaningful reminders that occur at opportune moments and on appropriate devices, which may improve medication adherence in comparison to pure time-based reminders.
The timing information of medical event can help to track the development of patients' medical condition, determine the causes of diseases, detect the roles of drugs and adverse reactions, which can improve the disease cure effect and predict disease progression. However, existing studies barely considered temporal information when extracting useful medical knowledge from online medical data. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from onlinemedical data. This paper proposes a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from online medical data. The proposed method is based on a two-step approach. First, the authors extract the temporal information of medical event and temporal expression from patients' self-description. Second, they extract temporal relation between the event and the temporal expression and the relation between event and relative temporal expression. For the extraction of TIMEX, the authors find that well-formatted expressions are easy to recognize, and the main challenge is the relative TIMEX such as "three days after onset". It also shows the same difficulty for normalization of absolute date or well formatted duration, whereas frequency is easier to be normalized. For the identification of DocTimeRel, the result is fairly well, but the relation is difficult to identify when it involves a relative timEX or a hypothetic concept. This paper proposes a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from online medical data. The proposed method can be used to extract medical time-line information from patients' self-description in online health communities.
The rapid development of urbanization in China has caused a string of problems such as population congestion, resource shortages and environmental degradation. Therefore, the city needs to seek a sustainable development pattern to save resources for its future development. As the basic elements for human survival and urban development, the supply and consumption of water-energy-food (WEF) become the top priority, and they also have numerous interconnections in the process of production, consumption and management, which could be called WEF nexus. The purpose of this paper is to introduce the agent-based model (ABM), simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF allocation and flow in the city. This paper introduces the agent-based model (ABM) and simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF's allocation and flow in the city. By subdividing the urban system into different types of agents, household, firm and government, the authors discuss the relationship pattern and micro rules of various kinds of agents in WEF production and consumption and then establish the NetLogo simulation model of urban consumption. Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation of the WEF consumption distribution in theCity and simulating the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model. Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation of WEF consumption distribution in the city and simulates the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model. However, the authors have just proposed a framework for agent analysis in urban WEf consumption in this paper. This paper introduces the ABM, simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF's allocation and flow in the city. By subdividing the urban system into different types of agents, household, firm and government, the authors discuss the relationship pattern and micro rules of various kinds of agents in WEF production and consumption and then establish the NetLogo simulation model of urban consumption. Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation ofWEF consumption distribution in theCity and simulates the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model.
The purpose of this paper is to present new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on material conscious information network (MCIN) models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the MCIN modeling. This paper presents new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling. The authors present new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling. This paper presents new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a machine learning-based approach to enable agents to learn from human task allocation strategies in crowdsourcing to obtain near-optimal solutions. The proposed approach consists of two neural networks: the policy network and the reputation network. The policy network explores for better task allocation strategy based on the total reward return over all successive allocations based on Q-learning. The reputation network is trained by supervised learning with the real human task allocation strategies data to predict the trends of reputation fluctuations. Next, an iterative between policy and reputation networks is applied to obtain a multi-round allocation strategy. Training was conducted with an empirical data set containing close to 500,000 decision records from 1,144 players in over 9,000 game sessions using the Agile Manager game platform. By learning from human decisions which play against the artificial intelligence (AI) powered crowdsourcing task allocation approach from this unique data set, the PNRN has been shown to be able to form efficient multi-round complex task allocation strategies. Through extensive competition with the existing AI approach in the platform, the strategy learnt by P NRN from human players has been able to match the performance of (Yu et al., 2013) which has previously beat human players more than 23 times. This study is the first attempt to combine supervised learning and reinforcement learning to learn from human task allocation strategies in crowdsourcing. The proposed approach is able to outperform both the human players and the artificial intelligence (AI) powered crowdsourcing task allocation approach in a large-scale real-world data set.
The parent-child relationship is the first and one of the most long-lasting relationships in an individual's social life. Facing the population ageing problem, it is increasingly important to understand this relationship, especially between aged parents and their adult children. The purpose of this paper is to propose a role conflict model based on the quantitative family role conflict and ambivalence testing scale to explain the relationship between the parents and adult children in the context of traditional families. This paper proposes a role conflict model based on the quantitative family role conflict and ambivalence testing scale. To validate this model, the authors developed the Family Role Conflict and Ambivalence Scale to test the effect of family members' role conflict on the parent-child relation. The authors used the data collected from a sample of 1,000 Italian respondents. Based on the quantitative study model provided in this paper, the authors can moderate the relationships between aged parents and their adult children. This effort is meaningful in enhancing the quality of life and emotional well-being for senior citizens. Based on the quantitative study model provided in this paper, the authors can moderate the relationships between aged parents and their adult children. This effort is meaningful in enhancing the quality of life and emotional well-being for senior citizens. This is the first attempt to propose a role conflict and ambivalence model in the parent-child relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on a holographic personalized portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own personalized portal, through which all the interactions are completed. In this paper, the authors propose a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on a holographic personalized portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals. Each participant has his own holographic personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals. To comply with the trend of network society, this paper proposes a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on the holographic portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own holographic personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept and research framework of crowd science and engineering (CSE). CSE aims to build the mental models of network for various intelligent agents (individuals, enterprises, governments and things), so as to enable all intelligent agents in cyber space to reflect individuals, enterprises and governments in the real world comprehensively, authentically, correctly and simultaneously. The research framework of CSE mainly concerns issues including: research on the modeling and simulation of crowd cyber system; theoretical research on a crowd cyber eco-system; theory on the intelligent transactions of crowd Cyber System; research on intelligence measurement methods of crowd Cyberspace; theoretical researches on the evolution of crowdCyber System; and theoretical research in the stability of crowd cyberspace. The research framework is based on the following research topics: crowd science and engineering, crowd science, crowd cyber and crowd engineering. The research framework of CSE mainly concerns issues including: research on the modeling and simulation of crowd cyber system; theoretical research in the structure of the crowd cyber eco-system; theory on the intelligent transactions of crowd Cyber System; research on intelligence measurement methods of crowd Cyberspace; theory in the evolution of crowdCyber System; and theoretical research on stability of crowd cyberspace. The research framework of crowd science and engineering is the first of its kind in the field of CSE. The research framework is based on the theory of crowd cyber eco-structure, intelligent transactions, crowd cyber system and crowd cyber evolution.
The purpose of this paper is to present an approach based on cyber-anima to model the material conscious information network (MCIN), which is a large-scaled, open-styled, self-organized and ecological intelligent network. The authors extend cyber-anima to fit the basic information of all kinds of the MCIN nodes, e.g. persons, enterprises, departments of government and thing, and present a double-chain structure for both basic and supply-demand information of each node. The authors propose an anima-desire-intention-based reasoning approach for recommendation interactions, which can also be extended to the scenario of trading-styled interactions. In addition, the authors propose a six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for node addressing and develop a novel E-commerce platform based on MCIN. The main contributions of this paper are as follows: design a generic model for the basic and supply-demand information of the nodes based on cyber-anima; propose an ADI-based multi-agent architecture for the nodes of the MCIN to drive their spontaneous trading-styled interactions; present a novel node addressing method based on six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for MCIN node addressing; develop a prototype of a novel E-commerce platform based on MCIN modeling platform to prove the effectivenessness of the modeling of MCIN. The main contributions of this paper are as follows: design a generic model for the basic and supply-demand information of the nodes based on cyber-anima; propose an ADI-based multi-agent architecture for the MCIN nodes to drive their spontaneous trading-styled interactions; and present a novel node addressing method based on six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for MCIN node addressing.
The purpose of this paper is to present preliminary experimental results on a large-scale experiment on a cyber-physical hybrid discussion support environment in a panel discussion session in an international conference where participants can discuss by using the online discussion support system and by physical communications as usual. In this paper, the authors propose a hybrid (cyber-physical) environment in which people can discuss online and also offline simultaneously. The authors conducted a large-scale experiment in a panel discussion session in an international conference where participants can discuss by using the online discussion support system and by physical communications as usual. The authors found that the authors' methodology succeeded to keep the participants' attention active and continuous during this discussion session by measuring participants' cyber-physical attention. Also, by measuring keywords cyber- physical linkage, the authors find that the keywords in online and real-world are correlated and somehow linked. But discussion contents were somehow related but not completely the same. By measuring cyber-Physical discussion flow, it was found that after 5 min, the number of views (online) increases. This paper presents preliminary experimental results on a large-scale experiment on a cyber-physical hybrid discussion support environment in a panel discussion session at an international conference.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the concept of crowd wisdom for working as the brain of manufacturing. In the blueprint of future industries, crowd wisdom would surely drive the development of intelligent manufacturing. Intelligent manufacturing is the development and implementation of intelligent machine in manufacturing. In this paper, the authors propose to use the concept of crowd wisdom for working as the brain of manufacturing. Many examples prove that a qualified crowd would make wise decisions and accurate judgments with the abundant information collected by the consisting individuals. Thus, they apply the theory onto manufacturing, pointing out that with various data contributed by the crowd, including customers especially, manufacturing decision could be obtained, and the authors try to explicate the reason why Big Data is key to intelligent manufacturing in the perspective of crowdisdom. Crowd wisdom assists, or even partly substitutes, humans to make judgments, which could be well applied to manufacturing, where plenty of judgments and decisions are made. Information, in the forms of various data, may be seemingly unrelated or useless, but actually it tells a lot when aggregated, which the authors proved with several real cases. The originality of this paper lies in the application of crowd wisdom theory to intelligent manufacturing. The paper introduces the crowd participation in detail and how it contributes to the development of intelligent manufacturing, and the paper tries to explicate the reason why Big Data is key to the intelligent manufacturing in the perspective of crowdisdom.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the task of keyword extraction and its applications on massive open online course (MOOC) resources. Keyword extraction from MOOC resources may face several difficulties: obtaining labeled training data set is extremely expensive, as usually domain expertise is required; and the volume of data is usually large and the textual styles are various. Despite those difficulties, once keywords are well extracted, many subsequent applications are feasible, e.g. construction of course-specific and domain-specific concept map, management of cross-domain concepts, knowledge discovery from crowd and even personalized learning by mining learners' behaviors. Based on the partition of who generates the MOOC resources, i.e. instructors and learners, the research design of this paper is composed by three parts: keyword extraction on resources generated by instructors; keyword extraction in MOOC settings; and applications with keywords. As to the first part, it is difficult to collect entire instructor-generated resources of many courses. Also, labeling the data requires expertise in the corresponding subject area. Even so, the authors invite the instructors and teaching assistants (TAs) to help label the teaching resources of one course, as they expect to use human knowledge to learn a classifier by supervised machine learning methods. Moreover, a semi-supervised learning framework is designed to test whether using less labeled data is practical. The results show that the proposed method is able to extract a large amount of keywords from MOOC resources. Moreover, it is possible to use human knowledge to learn a classifier by supervised machine learning methods. In addition, a semi-supervised learning framework is designed to test whether using less labeled data is practical. This paper proposes a new concept map which is called semantic concept map (SCM). The main difference with traditional concept maps is that the edge, i.e. relationship between keywords, is defined as semantic similarity. This concept map is useful to organize, design and manage the course resources for instructors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the motivation mechanism of gamification in crowdsourcing projects. Gamification refers to the use of gameplay mechanisms in non-gaming contexts to encourage desired behaviors. Many scholars and practitioners have applied this approach in several contexts such as education, health, project management, environment protection, outsourcing and software development, but the process or mechanism via which these game elements can have an impact on user participation is barely mentioned in these frameworks. This paper aims to fill these gaps. First, the authors categorized game elements that have been used widely in crowdsourcing projects. Then, they proposed a research model that depicts the effect of these game elements on human motivation, which may, in turn, influence user participation. In addition, they are interested in identifying the moderating effects of task complexity on user motivation. They designed a series of laboratory experiments to validate the research model. The results of the research model indicate that game elements have a positive effect on human motivation, which may, in turn, influence user participation in crowdsourcing projects. In addition, task complexity has a moderating effect on the relationship between game elements and user participation. This research uncovers the motivation mechanism of these game elements, enabling the authors to clarify the latent relationship between game elements and user behavior. The authors are also more likely to find out which game elements are more effective in crowdsourcing projects through a series of experimental groups. Finally, as task complexity as a moderator, the authors may be able to identify whether task complexity influences the application of game elements.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a divide-and-combine (DAC) approach for generating instances of Trail Making Test (TMT) that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT. The authors propose a divide-and-combine (DAC) approach for generating instances of TMT which are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT. To achieve (1), the proposed approach uses pseudo-randomized processes to generate different instances. In the "divide" phase, the test region is divided into several nested and non-overlapping layers. Within each layer, a partial trail is generated with the desired spatial characteristics. Then, in the "combine", the partial trails are joined together to form a complete trail while preserving the desired characteristics. The authors found that the proposed approach can generate instances of TMT that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT. Moreover, the generated instances were found to be more accurate and more reliable than the alternatives. This paper is the first to propose a systematic approach for generating TMTs that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the route that the candidates of the Portuguese Millennial generation follow, and the communication channels that they use - from the moment that they recognise that they have to search for a job, up until they receive a response regarding whether they have been selected, or not. By doing so, this study proposes a new concept which is designated the "job search journey". The job search journey aims to describe the various contact points that exist between candidates and companies throughout the job search process. A qualitative exploratory study was conducted. The data were collected through in-depth, semi-structured interviews with 18 Portuguese Millennials. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis. The results show that the job search journey of the Portuguese Millennial generation consists of a series of contact points with the organisations where they collect information that is required to enable them to submit their application and eventually accept a job offer. The primary use of communication channels used by the Millennials in their job search process is the internet, followed by social media, and finally, the application process. This study proposes a new concept which is designated the "job search journey". The proposed concept is inspired by the field of marketing and consumer behaviour, where the term "customer journey" or "buyer journey", is used to describe the various points of contact between companies and customers throughout the purchasing decision process. The primary use of a job search journey is to help organisations achieve a fit between job search and organisations' recruitment activities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the antecedents to enactment and how endogenous and constant reinvention of environmental conditions can short-circuit organizational sensemaking in wildland firefighting. The authors examine the collapse of sensemaking at Yarnell Hill, the 2013 wildfire that killed 19 inter-agency hotshot crew members. This study uses a longitudinal case study of the 2013 Yarnell Hill wildfire in Arizona to examine the role of environmental chaos in the sensemaking process of a wildland firefighting crew. Data were collected over a four-year period from interviews, observations, and document analysis. The findings suggest that the hotshot crew's sensemaking was repeatedly triggered by the volatile and constantly changing weather conditions, and they were unable to move into the latter stages of sensemaking, especially retention. The constant reinvention of the wildland fire environment trapped them in "trigger traps," which, in turn, led to the collapse of their sensemaking and ultimately their deaths. This research introduces a new feedback loop to the literature on sensemaking in wildland firefighting, one that has not previously been considered in the context of organizational sensemaking. It also introduces the concept of "trigger traps" to the sensemaking literature.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the serial mediation effect of perceived internal employability and affective commitment on the relationship between organisational practices of competences development and turnover intentions. To test the serial mediating effect of internal employability and affective commitment on the relationship between organisational practices of competences development and turnover intentions, the authors used the correlational quantitative method. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in different organisations in the city of Barcelona, Spain. As expected, the results showed that organisational practices of competences development (training, individualised support and functional rotation), perceived internal employability and affective commitment all have a significant and negative effect on turnover intentions. Exceeding expectations was the finding that, in the presence of perceived internal employmentability and Affective commitment as mediators in series, the relationship between organizational practices of competence development and turnover intentions was no longer significant. This study innovates by developing an integrated approach which includes two mediating mechanisms which are characterised by a precedent-consequent relationship. This study provides organisations with further details about the importance of organisational practices of competences development to retain the best employees.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to furthering the literature on the subject of recruitment effectiveness, by complementing it with marketing insights, especially with regards digital marketing. A qualitative study was conducted, using in-depth, semi-structured interviews with HR managers from a sample of Portuguese companies. The results of the study suggest that digital marketing has a positive influence on recruitment effectiveness, as it has a significant impact on the recruitment process, as well as on the quality of the individuals that the company hires, their initial performance and the training required. This study contributes to furthering the HRM literature on the subject of recruitment effectiveness, by complementing it with marketing insights, especially with regards digital marketing.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent of frailty and geriatric conditions in people living in a hostel, drawing comparisons with general population surveys. The study also tests different frailty scales and the feasibility of conducting a comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA-type) in this setting. A cross-sectional observational study was conducted in a London hostel over a two-year period (2017-2018). Data were collected using a self-report questionnaire and interviews with hostel staff and a geriatric assessment team. Premature frailty and geriatric conditions were associated with multimorbidity among people living in the hostel (p<0.05). The mean age of the sample was 66.5 years, with a mean age range of 60.5 to 85 years (p=0.01). There was a significant difference in frailty scores between men and women (p <0.001) and between older and younger people (p = 0.001). Women were more likely to be frail than men, and older people were at higher risk of frailty than younger people. There were no significant differences in the mean scores between the two groups on the frailty scales. The mean scores on the geriatric assessment scale were significantly higher for older people than young people. To the authors' knowledge, this is the first study of frailty or geriatric conditions among PEH in the UK. A needs-based rather than age-based approach is essential for appropriate assessment of this population to reduce health inequities.
The purpose of this paper is to compare self-rating scores on the Massachusetts General Hospital Cognitive and Physical Functioning Questionnaire (CPFQ) with the Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) in patients with major depressive disorder. The CPFQ was developed to assess seven common complaints of depressed patients regarding fatigue and cognitive problems. Patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups (BDI or CPFQ) and randomly assigned into one of four treatment groups: no depression, moderate-to-high depression, high depression, low depression, and moderate- to high depression. Patients' self-rating of cognition and self-response to the BDI were assessed using a self-administered questionnaire. The CPFQ score was significantly correlated with the BDI score, indicating that the higher the self-response scores on the CPF Q, the higher was the correlation between the two scales. The correlation between BDI scores and cognitive impairment scores was not significant. This study demonstrates the potential of the CPFQ as an alternative to more time-intensive neuropsychological testing for determining the degree of cognitive impairment present in a patient by demonstrating a correlation with BDI scores that matches the correlation between depression severity and degree of cognition.
The main objective of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of burnout syndrome and its associated factors among medical students in Jazan University, Saudi Arabia. The present study identified several factors associated with burnout. A questionnaire survey was conducted among the medical students of Jazan University. The data were collected from the students through a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed among the students of the Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Nursing and Faculty of Medical Sciences. The sample size of the study consisted of 1,000 students. The results showed that burnout syndrome was highly prevalent among medical students at Jazan University. The mean score of burnout was 4.8 (95% CI 3.2-6.2) among the students. The most common factors associated with burnout were lack of academic achievement, lack of support from teachers, lack-of-supportive environment and lack of time for self-care. Although there is increasing global interest (IsHak et al., 2013) in the burnout syndrome, no previous study assessed the extent of burnout among medical students at Jazan University. The present study identified several factors associated with burnout in JZan medical students. It is necessary to implement strategies to reduce the incidence of burn out among medical student for the sake of a better quality of life for future doctors.
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) is a progressive and irreversible loss of kidney function over a long period and sufficiently severe to require maintenance dialysis or kidney transplantation to maintain health or life. The purpose of this paper is to estimate the prevalence of depression and its associated risk factors among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia. A cross-sectional study was conducted among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia. The population of this study was selected from the database of the Saudi Medical Information Center (SMIC). The study population consisted of patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) who underwent maintenance dialysis or kidney transplantation from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2015. The study sample consisted of 1,037 patients. The data were collected from the hospital records of these patients. Data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences. Current unmarried, lower-educated patients as well as those having sleep disorders were more likely to have depression. Depression was highly prevalent among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan region, Saudi Arabia. The prevalence of depression ranged between 23.3 and 83.5 per cent. This is the first study to estimate the prevalence of depression and its associated risk factors among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia.
Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder with a prevalence of 1:68 in children. The diagnosis process requires massive history taking from the caregiver together with time-consuming clinical observation by experienced clinicians. The purpose of this paper is to develop a prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation. A questionnaire was developed from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation. The questionnaire was distributed to general practitioners (GPs) in a sample of 1,000 children aged 6-17 years. The prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children was developed from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation. It was found that the rule was a good predictor of ASD diagnosis in children with a mean age of 7.5 years (p<0.001). This study is the first attempt to develop a prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a serious condition involving profound impairment of the physical and psychological well-being of patients. Kidney transplantation (KT) is considered the treatment of choice for most of these patients. However, the data on the improvement of psychological impairments after successful KT is less conclusive. The purpose of this paper is to compare kidney-transplant patients receiving living-donor (LD) kidney transplants with patients receiving cadaveric-transplanted organs. A cross-sectional study (psychiatric impairments in KT [PI-KT] study) was conducted in which patients waiting for kidney transplantation were compared with patients on hemodialysis and patients receiving living-donor (LD) or cadaveric-transplanted kidney transplants. The results showed that there were no significant differences in depression, anxiety, resilience and health-related quality of life among the groups of patients. However, there were significant differences between patients receiving living-donor (LD) kidney transplants and those receiving cadaveric-transplanted organs (p<0.05). The results do not support the theory that the origin of a donor organ has a major or significant influence on the psychological outcome of kidney-transplanted patients. They imply that concerns regarding psychological factors should not play a large role in decision-making regarding the type of transplantation in end-stage kidney disease.
- The purpose of this paper is to report a case of Iatrogenic delirium developed on a symptom-triggered alcohol withdrawal protocol. - The patient, a 47-year-old Caucasian male, was brought to a local emergency department (ED) by emergency medical services (EMS) after being found down in a local park with bradycardia and subsequent pulselessness. At admission, his blood alcohol concentration was 368 mg/dL and a urine drug screen was positive for benzodiazepines. The patient was extubated on hospital day 5, and Clinical Institute for Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol, Revised (CIWA-Ar) was started, at least in part, because it was unknown whether the patient was experiencing withdrawal symptoms from long-acting benzodiazines. During non-agitated periods, the patient reported auditory hallucinations and demonstrated mild thought process disorganization consistent with psychosis. Elevated CIWA- Ar scores recorded by nursing staff from hospital days 6 to 9 triggered increasing Benzodiazepine administration. - This case illustrates the necessity for providers to consider using other withdrawal withdrawal protocols than the CIWA-Ar protocol. The patient's delirium worsened as the protocol was implemented. - This case illustrates the necessity for providers to consider using other withdrawal protocol methods than CIWA-Ar when managing alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of 12-week group psychotherapy combined with yoga exercises intervention psychological well-being, stress perception and quality of life in mental health professionals to verify its acceptability and efficacy. The authors conducted a pilot study combining group psychotherapy and yoga exercises for mental health professionals. The authors used a controlled randomized clinical trial design. In total, 12-week (12 h) group psychotherapies and yoga classes were combined with a control group that received no intervention. The participants were selected randomly from the population of mental health practitioners working in a mental health center in Taiwan. The results showed that weekly group psychotherapy combined with yoga practice over a 12-week period did make a stress decrease not statistically significant, in opposition to the findings of Lin et al. (2015). Their findings were consistent with the study of Wolever et al., (2012), showing that a psychological program, significantly improved perceived stress perception. To the authors' knowledge, there are no studies in the world that have evaluated the effects on psychological well-being of combining group psychotherapy and yoga exercises for mental health professionals and in this sense this would be the first study in theWorld. Therefore, the authors conducted a pilot study combining group Psychotherapy and Yoga exercises for Mental Health professionals.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been shown to be an efficacious and well-tolerated therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of RNA genotyping in the development of personalized TMS for the treatment of patients with MDD and OCD. Patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD) and chronic headache pain were randomized to treatment with TMS or noninvasive brain stimulation (iTBS) over the course of 4-6 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to treatment groups with or without RNA genotyping (n=30). Patients who received personalized TMS were more likely to report a significant reduction in headache pain (p<0.05) and a significant increase in overall quality of life (p=0.01) compared to those who received conventional TMS. In addition, patients who received customized TMS reported significantly higher levels of neocortical hypoactivity (p <0.001) than those who did not receive personalized T MS. No significant differences were found between the two groups in terms of the impact of the genotyping process. This is the first study to examine the role of RNA genotyping in the development of personalized TMS for patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a pulmonary embolism (PE) associated with use of chlorpromazine in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1. Chlorpromazine was used in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1. The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) of a tertiary care hospital in Israel. A total of 20 patients were included in the study. Patients were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups: no treatment group, treatment group with chlorpromazine or treatment group without chlorpromazines. The patients were followed up for one year. Chlorpromazine was used in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1. The patient developed a pulmonary embolism (PE) associated with the use of chlorpromazine. The PE was found to be associated with an increase in total platelet count and a decrease in total hemoglobin. This is the first known case report of the development of a PE associated with use of chlorpromazine in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficacy of nature-based mindfulness training with regard to the perception of work-related stress by people who have a high level of stress-levels. The WIN-Study was a cross-sectional study conducted in Oldenburg, Germany. In total, 1,000 professionals with a high level of work-related stress were randomly assigned to one of two conditions: a control condition or a mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) program. The participants were asked to take part in a structured mindfulness training program consisting of breathing exercises, meditation, mindful body perception (body scan) and yoga. The WIN-Study showed that the mindfulness-based mindfulness training had a significant and positive effect on the resilience/symptom load of individuals with high work-related stress levels. In addition, the experience of outdoor activities had a positive impact on both the sense of coherence and the perceived level of self-efficacy. The results also showed that participants with a higher level of resilience were more likely to continue the mindfulness training. This pilot study is the first to investigate the efficacy of nature-based mindfulness training with regard to the perception of work-related stress by people who have a high level of stress. The structured program presented herein combined mindfulness training and the health-promoting elements of outdoor experiences. Thus far, the combined effects of the elements of mindfulness and the experience of nature have not been systematically investigated.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze depressive symptomatology among nursing students of the University of Palermo and to identify the copious variables associated with this status, variables that have to be known to intervene and prevent the important consequences that can manifest in young people who are depressed. The study was carried out in the University of Palermo, Italy, during the academic year 2017-2018. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to all nursing students who had experienced depressive symptoms in the previous year. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. The results show that depressive symptomatology was significantly higher among the female students than among the male students (p<0.05). The prevalence of depressive symptoms was higher among female students with low health status than among those with high health status (p=0.01). The most common depressive symptoms were sleep disturbance, sad mood, decrease/increase in appetite/weight, concentration, self-criticism and psychomomotor agitation/retardation until suicidal ideation, with a different severity depending on the depressive status. This is one of the first studies to analyze depressive symptomatology among nursing students in the University of Palermo and to identify copious variables associated with this status, variables that have to be known to intervene and prevent the important consequences that can manifest in young people who are depressed.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of accounting conservatism in mitigating uncertainty in business environments. The regression model, which has been developed to measure accounting conservatism, was expanded through the use of business strategies and alertness as the proxies for uncertainty. The expanded model was then estimated using financial data from 183 companies (from 2013 to 2018) via EView software to investigate the relationship between accounting conservatism and uncertainty. The results of this study show that accounting conservatism is positively related to uncertainty in business environments. In addition, the results show that the use of conservative methods in financial statements is positively associated with the level of uncertainty in the business environment. This study contributes to the literature in three ways. First, to the best of the authors' knowledge, this research is the first in a developing county, like Iran, to explore the role of conservative accounting in mitigating uncertainty. The Iranian business environment is characterized by uncertainty, which could be considered as a factor driving the use of conservative methods in preparing financial statements to provide users of financial statements with a safety margin. Second, the results of this study can show whether conservative accounting is practically used irrespective of these negative aspects, which can conclude that its benefits outweigh its drawbacks.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of corporate governance (CG) mechanisms on intellectual capital efficiency (ICE) in Islamic banks (IBs) of Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries. The study utilised data for ten years during the period of 2008-2017 from 29 Islamic banks of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries using the 2SYS-GMM estimation technique to account for the unobserved heteroscedasticity and endogeneity in the panel data. The results show that internal CG mechanisms such as board size, board composition, board independence, board diversity and board independence have a positive and significant effect on ICE. Moreover, the results also show that relational capital has a significant and positive effect on the ICE of IBs of OIC countries. The present research contributes to the literature in several ways. For example, the current study expands the comprehension of the relationship between board structure and IC of IBs in OIC countries, specifically from the Middle East, South Asia and Southeast Asia regions. Second, most prior CG studies empirically tested the influence of CG and IC predominantly by developed countries such as the USA and the United Kingdom. Thus, our finding extended the understanding of IC for value creation in the IB industry. Third, we introduced relational capital (RC) into a research model, aspects that have been neglected by most previous IC studies. Fourth, this study applied the 2SYS-GMM estimation technique to account for the unobserved heteroscedasticity and endogeneity in the panel data. Finally, the analysis undertaken in this study raises the present comprehension on the effect of CG mechanisms to an alternate IC concerning IBs.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the factors influencing corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosures in Nepalese banks. This study also investigates the relationship between CSR disclosure and the different dimensions of CSR disclosures. The data were collected from the annual reports of the top ten banks listed on the Nepal Stock Exchange (NSE) for the years 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study show that the most important factors influencing CSR disclosures in Nepalese banks are: corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR), environmental responsiveness, social responsibility and corporate citizenship. The results also show that there is a significant difference in the level of CSR disclosure among the banks in terms of the importance of these factors. This is the first study that investigates the factors influencing CSR disclosures in the Nepalese banking sector. The findings of this study will be useful for both academics and practitioners to understand the factors that influence CSR disclosure in the banking sector in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of forward-looking information disclosure (FLI) disclosure ( FLI) in the annual reports of publicly traded firms in Bangladesh. The study also explores the association between firm characteristics and FLI disclosure. The data were collected from the annual reports of the top 100 firms listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) for the period of 2010-2018. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach. The results of the study show that the annual report is the most important source of FLI disclosure in Bangladesh, followed by annual report quality and corporate governance attributes. The results also show that firm size and firm age are the main determinants of FLID. However, firm size is not a significant determinant of the FLI. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no study has yet explored the determinants of FLI disclosure in the context of Bangladesh. This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to improve the quality of their corporate disclosures.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of managerial ownership on bank value of conventional and Islamic banks operating in Bangladesh. This study uses a panel data set of 32 sample banks along with 26 conventional banks and six Islamic banks operating in Bangladesh for the 15-year period (2003-2017) to explore the effect of managerial ownership on bank value. This study uses the fixed-effects panel data regression model to analyze the relationship between bank value and managerial ownership. The results show that managerial ownership has a significant positive effect on bank value in both conventional and Islamic banks. However, the effect of managerial ownership is stronger in Islamic banks than in conventional banks. It is also found that the interest alignment effect is stronger for conventional banks than for Islamic banks, whereas the entrenchment effect is weaker for Islamic bank. To the best of our knowledge, no further research has been done on banks in Bangladesh to analyze the relationship between management ownership and bank value. This paper, thus, contributes in various ways. Firstly, the main contribution of this research to the existing literature is that our research provides the first evidence from Bangladesh that analyzes the effect of managerial ownership on bank value of banks, especially conventional and Islamic banks.
The main objective of the company, in common, is to achieve the most significant profits. The company aims to gain the maximum profit, and this can be done by multiplying the volume of production or the operation. One of the essential portions of production, trading and providing service is the working capital. Therefore, companies provide liquidity for working capital to achieve business continuity. This paper aims to explain the relationship between accounting and finance through measuring the effect of working capital management on profitability and discussing the financial managers' responsibility. The methodology adopts the qualitative method by conducting interview via Skype with financial managers from various territories in Europe and Asia to collect the data. These data reflect the best practices of working capital management from different economies, industries and sizes of capital. Hence, the results will be more generalisable. The results of the conversations support the literature review of the article. There is consistency between what the participants contributed and the previous studies interpreted. This consistency provides results that the relation between accounting and finance is vital. It can be described as a complementary relationship. This study is the first of its kind to analyse the relationship between accounting and finance through measuring the effect of rational working capital management on profitability and discussing the financial managers' responsibility.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of innate accruals quality on the future market value moderated by dividend policy. This research uses a modified H model to measure the future prospect. This research uses the H model to measure the future market value, which is based on equity and earnings, and the regression analysis is used to test the influence of innate accruals quality on the future value. The regression analysis was conducted using the data of Indonesian listed companies in manufacturing industry sector during period 2000-2018. The results of this test show that innate accruals quality has a positive effect on future market value based on equity and earnings. The existence of this positive relationship reflects an increase in the quality of accrual quality to improve the ability of investors to predict the future prospects with high accuracy in the future period in the period. Dividend policies strengthen the positive influence of innate accrueals quality, which is significant to future market values based on earnings and equity. As a novelty in this research, the indicator for measuring the future prospect is to modify the H model, it called as future market value. Based on the testing that has been done, the formulation of conclusions in detail can be presented, as follows:Earnings quality through innate accruals quality has a positive effect on future market values based on equity and earnings.
The aim of this paper is to examine the relative influence of regulatory enhancements and attributes relating to corporate governance and business traits on performance of Malaysian listed companies. The paper is based on the expectation that given the continuous enhancements made to the Malaysian Code of Corporate Governance (MCCG) beginning in 2000 and revisions in 2007 and 2012, companies would be sensitized to apply the essence or spirit of the guidelines rather than adopting a box-ticking approach. The study is based on a sample of all non-financial companies in a crisis-free environment and following the third version of the Malaysian Code of Corporate Governance (MCCG) (2012) to provide a more comprehensive analysis of the impact of both corporate governance and ownership structure on firm performance. The data were collected from the annual reports of all listed companies for the period of 2000-2012. The results of the study indicate that corporate governance and ownership structure have a significant impact on corporate performance. The results also indicate that the MCCG (2007) has a significant positive impact on firm performance. However, there is no significant relationship between board size and corporate performance post-MCCG 2007. In addition, the results indicate that ownership structure does not have any significant influence on the performance of listed companies. This is the first study to examine the impact of corporate governance and ownership structure on corporate performance in the Malaysian business environment in a crisis-free environment and following the third version of the MCCG.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of audit committee's (AC) independence and competence on the company's investment decision-making in Bahraini-listed companies. Data were collected from the annual reports of Bahraini-listed companies listed on the Bahrain Bourse. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS) approach. The results show that the audit committee's independence and competence have a positive and significant impact on the company's investment decision-making in Bahraini-listed companies. Moreover, the results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between the level of audit committee independence and the investment decision of the company. This paper provides a unique investigation of the influence of the audit committee's independence and competence on the investment decision in one of the emerging markets. Therefore, it is expected that this study will fill the gap of the literature regarding the impact of AC independence and competency on investment decisions in a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention in Indonesia's National Government Internal Auditor (BPKP). The data were collected from the National Government Internal Auditor (BPKP) of East Java province, Indonesia. The sample of this study consisted of 1,000 employees of BPKP. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. The results of the study show that the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention is positive and significant. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between audit integrity and the organizational commitment for fraud prevention. This study is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention in the context of BPKP in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the behavioral dimensions of nonperforming loans (NPLs) by the standpoint of behavioral dimensions to uncover the motivation of loan nonpayment in Bangladesh. For this purpose, an anonymous questionnaire is developed by analyzing social, cultural, psychological, political, law compliance, internal control mechanism and economic contexts of Bangladesh. The confirmatory factor analysis is used to identify the factor and factor loading of measured variables such as lack of proper monitoring, inadequate collateral, moral hazard, nepotism, business risk, business lending, credit assessment, interest rate flexibility and repayment rate. Finally, structural equation modeling (SEM) is used in this study to identify relationship between independent and dependent variables. This study finds that moral hazard, lack of proper monitoring, inadequate collateral and nepotism have significant positive impact on raising NPLs in Bangladesh. Besides, the social and cultural contexts (differentials of power and influence), political coalition (catch me if you can), psychological rationalization ( everyone is getting rich) and law enforcement context kindle non-performing loans (NPLs) in the banking sector of Bangladesh. This study is the first of its kind to explore the behavioral dimensions of NPLs in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and regulators to formulate appropriate policies to reduce the incidence of non-performing loans in the banking sector.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate to what extent adoption of principle-based International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) can guarantee intercompany comparability of operating performance ensuring intracompany and intercompany consistency in the application of accounting methods in financial reporting. This study uses a sample of 100 Bangladeshi companies listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) over the period of 2010-2016. The data were collected from the annual reports of these companies. The authors have tried to establish the level of intracompany in the application of accounting methods and then intercompany comparability of operating performance in terms of the same accounting methods in financial reporting. This study finds that sole adoption of IFRS can not ensure intercompany comparability of operating performance of financial reports because of methodological diversities in financial reporting. Adoption of principle-based IFRS does not guarantee intercompany consistency in the application of the same accounting methods. The findings of this study will stimulate stock traders to create continuous pressure on the reporting organizations as well as regulatory bodies on the regulatory bodies to formulate favorable policies to enhance the quality of financial reporting.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of earnings persistence, earnings power and equity valuation on equity valuation in consumer goods firms listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (BEI). This study uses a panel data set of consumer goods firms listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (BEI) for the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2017. The data set consists of a total of 1,845 firm-year observations. The authors have used the fixed effect panel regression model to examine the effects of earnings persistence and earnings power on equity valuation. The results of the study indicate that earnings persistence and earnings power partially influence investors' equity valuation quite significantly where earnings persistence affects equity valuation negatively, whereas the earning power affects it positively. The variability of equity valuation caused by earnings persistence is 17.3 percent. On the contrary, 82.7 percent was caused by external factors. The results of this study empirically proves that earnings persistence and earnings power significantly influence equity valuation. By implication, it may assist investors in estimating future earnings so that it becomes useful for investors as an instrument in making decisions to avoid security mispricing.
The purpose of this paper is to propose components to develop a whistleblowing culture that encourages whistleblowing among employees that is suitable for a developing nation such as Sri Lanka. In order to assess the suitability of the selected components to develop whistleblowing culture a quantitative research methodology was adopted, suitability was assessed via 5-point Likert scale questionnaire and the questionnaire was circulated among practicing accountants (Auditors) in Sri Lanka. The selected components were assessed based on the following five dimensions: the training programs available for employees in a particular organisational environment (ETP), the reporting channels available in the particular organisation (ARC), the organisational climate and processes (OP), thesafeguards available for whistleblowers (SW), the whistleblowing policies (OPP) and the safety of whistleblowers (OCP). The findings of this study revealed that the training programs for employees in a particular organisational environment (ETP) were found to be the most suitable to develop a whistleblowing culture in Sri Lanka, followed by the safety of whistleblowers (SWP) and the climate and processes available for whistleblowers (OPP). The findings of the study also revealed that whistleblowing policies available in the OPP were the least suitable to build a bulletproof whistleblowing environment. The study also found that the SWP and OPP components were not suitable for building a whistleblOW environment in a developing nation. The findings of this study would be of use for management to assess their existing working environment and amend or change it to encourage whistleblowing practices. Authorities can use the insights from this study to construct laws and regulations necessary to guarantee the safety of the whistleblowers and the dependents of whistleblowers. The reminder of this paper is that this study is structured as follows: the second section reviews the extant literature. The third section describes the conceptual framework and methodology adopted in this study. The fourth section elaborates the data analysis and elaborates on the findings of the study. Finally, the fifth section provides a discussion on the implications of the findings.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between sustainability disclosure (SD) and earnings informativeness (EI) of Sri Lankan listed firms. Data were collected from the annual reports of Sri Lankan firms listed on the Sri Lanka Stock Exchange (SLSE) for the period of 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach. The results indicate that sustainability disclosure is positively related to earnings informativeness (EI). Further, it is also found that there is a complementary relationship between SD and EI. In addition, the results also indicate that the relationship between sustainability disclosure and earnings information quality is stronger for firms with high-quality financial information. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between sustainability disclosure and earnings informativeness in Sri Lanka. This study is also the first of its kind in Sri Lankan context.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of mandatory adoption of international financial reporting standards (IFRS) on the relevance quality of financial reporting in deposit money banks (DMBs) of Nigeria. This study uses a difference-in-differences (D- in-D) approach to test the effect of IFRS adoption on credit relevance of financial reporting in the Nigerian deposit money banks (DMBs). Data were collected from the banks' annual reports for the financial years 2008/2009, 2009/2010, 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013 and 2013/2014. The results show that the adoption of IFRS has a positive and significant effect on the value relevance of financial reporting in the DMBs of Nigeria. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the effect of adoption of the IFRS on the financial reporting quality (FRQ) in terms of credit relevance after mandatory IFRS adoption. This study is an extension of the study of Dang et al. (2017), which finds a significant effect of mandatory IFRS adoption on value relevance quality of financial reporting in the Nigerian deposit money banks. This study uses similar data to test the effect of IFRS implementation on credit relevance in Nigeria. This is the first study in Nigeria to consider credit relevance as a measurement for financial reporting quality.
This study focuses on whether and how organizational ethical climate affects the perceived workplace bullying in Chinese audit firms, specifically in the perception of new entrants to the auditing profession. This study uses a questionnaire survey to collect data from the new entrants to the auditing profession in Chinese audit firms. The data are analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the survey presented in this study confirm that some but not all types of organizational ethical climate significantly affect the perceived workplace bullying in audit firms. The self-interest (in egoist criterion), social responsibility (in benevolence criterion) and firm rules and procedures types (in principle criterion) of ethical climate are positively correlated with workplace bullying, which consists of both work-related and person-related elements. The friendship and team interest (both in benevolent criterion) types of ethical climates prove to be negatively correlated with the perceived bullying in general. The study also finds that female trainee auditors are more sensitive in perceiving workplace bullying than males, the leader-subordinate pairs of different gender are more likely to perceive all the three categories of bullying than those of the same gender, larger firms are perceived to incur more person- related bullying than smaller ones, and it is more sensitive for female trainees than males. This study has made two major contributions to the existing audit firm literature: one is to extend the organization studies on ethical climate in audit firms by testing the impacts of the audit firm's organizational ethical climate on workplace bullying perceived by the new entrants to the auditing profession; the other is to include gender roles in organization studies by stratifying the levels of workplace harassment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the function of Audit and Governance Committee (AGC) in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks. The study employed the Islamic-worldview-based theory to examine the function of AGC in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks. The study employed a self-administered questionnaire to collect data from the AGC members of the Islamic banks in Bahrain. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences software. The findings of this study indicate that the AGC's role in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks is to review internal audit in ensuring adequate supervision of those banks, which includes internal auditing is in place and that these controls are functioning properly. The AGC is also to monitor the execution of strategies set by the management. It also has to have adequate knowledge of the IFI's business and the supervised environment while making its vital inquiries regarding internal control system. It needs to acknowledge the findings of both external and internal auditors as well as assess the arising issues and problems. The committee also functioned as a reviewer to the accounting practices and audit plan, particularly the audit assessment's nature and scope. This study is an effort toward improving the number of studies on this area of study. It is also hoped that this study provides a greater understanding on effective internal Shariah auditing in Islamic banks, in which demand a distinct set of workforce.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the use and benefit of management accounting practices (MAPs) in Libyan oil companies, both fully owned and joint ventures. Questionnaires were distributed to financial managers, heads of cost department, financial accountants, department of management accounting employees, managerial accountants and auditors in Libyan oil companies. A total 224 of questionnaires were returned, and 210 of them were used in this research. The research found that Libyan oil companies use more TMAPs than CMAPs. This study concluded that different MAPs are used by Libyan companies. Furthermore, the results indicate a significant progress to consider the implementation and the use of CMAP. In addition, this study found that CMAP's are more beneficial than traditional MAPs although the respondents do not have enough knowledge about CMAPS. This study contributes to the knowledge because the subject only receives little attention in management accounting literature. Furthermore, the results indicate a significant progress to consider the use and the benefit of CMAPs in Libya.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the impact of the innovative teaching pedagogy adopted by the author in teaching the Financial Reporting Analysis (FRA) and Financial Reporting and Cost Management (FRCM) courses on the satisfaction of the participants in an Indian Business School. The experiment was carried over among the first -year participants of the MBA - Business Management Program, MBA-Human Resource Management Program and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Management Program of a premier Indian business school. The participants were the first-year participants in the Financial Reporting Analysis (FRA) and Financial Reporting and Cost Management (FRCM) courses of an Indian Business School. Based on the quantitative and qualitative analysis of the feedback of the participants, it was found that the participants were highly satisfied with the teaching approach adopted by the author in teaching the FRA and FRCM courses. The qualitative analysis revealed that the students were satisfied with their learning experience in the accounting courses. This study is unique as it perhaps is the first to examine the impact of an innovative teaching pedagogy in teaching accounting course(s) on the satisfaction of the participants of an Indian business school.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the market response to the timing of earnings announcements during and after the trading hours in the context of both good and bad news in the Indian context. The authors also investigate the relationship between the timing and the earnings surprise. The authors use the quarterly earnings announcement of the firms that constitute the BSE Sensex Index of India for the period from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2018. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the market response to the timing of the earnings announcements during and after the trading hours. In addition, the authors also investigate the relationship between the timing and the earnings surprise. The results show that the market reaction to the earnings announcement is similar to that of the announcement made during and after the trading hours. Further, the results reveal that the earnings surprise does not influence the decision to make an early announcement of earnings. However, the market response to the announcement of the good news is significantly different from that of a negative news. This research is different from prior research, as this study considers the effects of earnings announcements during trading hours, as well as after trading hours. Further, the relative effects of announcements during and after the trading hours in the contexts of both good and bad news have still not been investigated in the Indian context. This paper fills this gap.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of non-performing loans (NPLs) in the banking sector in developing state of Pakistan. In this study, the total number of observations was 117 commercial banks listed in SBP over the time period of 2005-2017. The data were collected from the annual reports of SBP for the period 2005 to 2017. Data were analyzed by using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach. The results of the study show that the mean values for NPLs, profitability, efficiency ratio, capital and income diversification were 461, 2.05, 4736, 7.77 and 7.37, respectively. The standard deviation for non-performing loans was 4.57, with a minimum value of -2.48 and a maximum value of 20.24. The minimum value for profitability was -5.02 and the maximum value was 23.00. In the case of bank capital, the minimum and maximum values were 0.97 and 0.21, respectively, while the standard deviation was 3.5 and 3.14, respectively for operating efficiency and capital. However, the mean value of operating efficiency was 0.43 and the minimum value was 106.21. The mean values of profitability, capital, operating efficiency, profitability and capital were 4.61, 678, 605, 705 and 6.37 respectively. This study is one of the first of its kind in the context of developing countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the government and banking management to improve the level of non-performing loans in the banking sector.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the power and reliability of Basu's conservatism metric to capture the differences in conservatism following earnings restatements in an emerging market like the Tehran Stock Exchange. This study uses Basu's (1997) measure of differential timeliness to capture the conservatism differences following earnings restatements. In addition, a firm-year measure (C-score) is introduced to capture cross-sectional and intertemporal variation in asymmetric earnings timelier recognition. Moreover, the authors also introduce an industry-year and an individual firm measure to capture differences in conservatism following restatement announcements. The results indicate that Basu's conservatism measure is capable of capturing the differences in conservatism following earnings restatements. Specifically, the results show that the firm-year measure (C-score) is able to capture significant differences in the conservatism of firms that have overstated their earnings in their original reports and those that have reduced their earnings following the restatement announcements. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that attempts to capture differences in conservatism following earnings restatements in an emerging market like the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE).
The purpose of this paper is to find out the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on intellectual capital disclosure (ICD) which shall be analyzed based on agency theory. Based on the problem and indicators, the authors aim to find out the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on ICD which shall be analyzed based on agency theory. This paper includes literature review, research method, result and discussion and conclusion. The findings of this research are: the size of audit committee, profitability rate and type of industry do not influence ICD in LQ45-indexed companies; the frequency of audit committees meeting and company size positively influence I CD; leverage level negatively influences ICD; and only 47.1 percent of the companies averagely conduct ICD. It shows that the level of ICD is still relatively low. This paper is one of the first studies to investigate the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on ICD in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to use machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. The authors use the term "anomaly" instead of "fraud" for the main theme of this study. This study uses machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. The authors use a multivariate distribution model to detect anomalous financial ratios. Financial ratios are considered as a series of variables, also known as features, and the values of financial ratios are assumed to follow a multi-variate distribution. This assumption will allow the authors to point out anomalous data by measuring whether the distance of each datum to the "centroid" (which will be explained in Research Methodology) exceeds a certain threshold. The results show that the proposed algorithm is able to detect anomalies in financial statements with a high degree of accuracy and precision. It is also possible to rate the credit worthiness of a firm's financial quarter using an anomaly detection method. This extension of understanding enables the authors to rank the creditworthiness of each company in each quarter. This study is an attempt to use machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. It is not enough just to look at the original state of such financial reports. Much research has proved efficiency by analyzing financial ratios calculated from the values in companies' reports. Therefore, the authors approached the problem by using financial ratios as a series of variables, also known as features.
The purpose of this paper is to provide empirical evidence on the skills and knowledge that a management accountant should possess across different market segments of Sri Lanka. This study also examines the demand for selected skill set in demand for management accounting professionals. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from different stakeholders of Sri Lankan organisations in different business sectors. Frequency statistics were performed to describe the respondents and the organisations in the sample. Krushkal-Wallis test was performed to measure the gap between management accountant's role and society's expectations. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences. It was found that the role expectations of management accountants varies significantly across the business sectors in the sample. It was also noted that there is an increasing demand for contemporary management accounting skills in Sri Lanka. There is a certain level of recognition for the national management accounting body, but unless the management accounting practices are regulated, the transparency and creditability of management accounting is unlikely to be enhanced. The findings of this study would help management accounting professionals to understand future skill requirements of the profession, and management accounting educators can extend and include the skills into the education programs. Furthermore, academic and professional institutions, which provide management accounting education and training programs, can identify future trends and necessary skills in Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the financial performance of China's telecoms industry using principal component analysis (PCA) approach to assess the performance of these companies. This study uses a case study approach to analyse the financial statements of China Telecom, China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom using principal component analysis (PCA) approach. This study proves that the performance of a company can be analysed using just a few factors or by focusing on fewer ratios, which is cost effective with lesser time as well as obtaining more precise results that have least duplication of calculations. Using principal component analysis (PCA), the study reduced the number of variables for any further regression analysis from 17 variables to 3 variables. Likewise, thenumber of ratios that are important have also been reduced with only significant ratios for each principal component now being used to analyse the financial performance of these companies. This study proves that the performance of a company can be analysed using just a few factors or by focusing on fewer ratios, which is cost effective with lesser time as well as obtaining more precise results that have least duplication of calculations. Using principal component analysis (PCA), the study reduced the number of variables for any further regression analysis from 17 variables to 3 variables. Likewise, thenumber of ratios that are important have also been reduced with only significant ratios for each principal component now being used to analyse the performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of intellectual capital and its components (human capital efficiency, structural capital efficiency and capital employed efficiency) on bank diversification strategy. The study employed the diversification indices proposed by Laeven and Levine (2007) to measure diversification. Furthermore, the value added intellectual capital coefficient model of Pulic (1998, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2008) has been employed to measure intellectual capital and its components. The model which is based on a multi-stakeholder perspective of wealth creation developed ratios from financial statements to account for employee expertise and experience (i.e. human capital), internal processes and procedures, technological infrastructure, policies and organisational culture and structural capital employed efficiency which account for value created for shareholders. The panel-corrected standard error regression of Beck and Katz (1995) was used to examine the nexus while controlling for size, competition, leverage, stock exchange listing and government ownership. The results of the study show that intellectual capital drives the choice of an asset diversification strategy in banks. This is driven by the human capital and structural capital base of the banks. Income diversification on the other hand is negatively influenced by intellectual capital, suggesting that intellectually-rich banks prefer a focus strategy to diversification in terms of their revenue model. The human capital base is the main factor motivating the choice for strategy focussed on revenue diversification. The study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of intellectual capital and its components on the asset diversity and income diversification of banks in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the extensive use of financing logic has changed Islamic microfinance institutions (IMFs) from focusing on both development and financial objectives to only their primary mission of poverty alleviation. The paper aims to shed some lights on the process of poverty mission drifting or abandoning poverty objective. The paper is based on a review of the literature on Islamic microfinance sector. The paper uses a qualitative research approach, i.e. semi-structured interviews with the top managers of IMFIs in Indonesia. The interview data are analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings of the paper suggest that the use of multiple logic within microfinance institutions, i.e. financial vs social logic, could pose some serious management dilemmas within the field. It is argued that the interaction of financial logic with social logic could lead to mission drifting or abandoning poverty alleviation as the primary mission of IMFIs. This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate how the extensive use of financing logic has changed IMFIs from focusing on both development and financial objectives to only considering sustainability as their primary mission to only focusing on poverty alleviation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of entrepreneurship-based learning (EBL) to improve students' understanding of partnership accounting. EBL is part of experiential learning, the student-centered learning methods, and a systematic and goal-oriented method. This study is based on an experimental unit and a control class. The experimental unit consists of two groups of students, i.e., the experimental group and the control group. The students are divided into two groups based on their performance in the EBL project. The test results are compared between the two groups. The results of the test are analyzed by means of ANOVA. The test results show that student grades in the project class and control class are different. Although the average score obtained by students is low, students in project class result higher score of cognitive abilities than the control class. Besides, through EBL, the students do not only get cognitive competencies, but also entrepreneurial competencies which are social and functional competencies. EBL can be used as an alternative learning method in partnership accounting topics to maximize competencies achieved by the students. It can be a substantial addition to the behavioral accounting of accounting students. Through EBL, the students do not only get cognitive competencies, but also entrepreneurial competencies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of corporate governance (CG) on the cost of equity (COE) in the cement sector's enterprises, listed on Pakistan stock exchange for a sample period of 2012-2017. This study uses eight independent variables (IV) as a proxy for the quality of CG mechanism. The Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) has been used to compute the COE. The results show that the quality of CG has a positive and significant impact on the COE. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between internal and external CG and cost capital and cost of debt. On the other hand, there is no significant relationship between audit committee independence and the cost capital. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of CG on the COE in the cement sector of Pakistan. The findings of this study will help cement sector firms to have a better understanding of the quality of CG mechanism.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze marketability in sharia banking industry, test its effect on profitability and find the effects mediated by mudharabah and musharakah. Based on market power theory and stewardship theory, marketability is developed on the basis of SCP. Market share and concentration are significant proxies to construct the marketability in a creation of profitability values. Data were collected from sharia banks in Indonesia. The sample size of this research is 100 banks in sharia banking industry in Indonesia for the period of 2011-2017. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) method. Based on the test of hypothesis in this research, marketability has a positive effect on profitability. It demonstrates that sharia banks in Indonesia currently have lower profiitability caused by lower marketability. Mediators of profit-loss sharing are the supplement in analyzing market and profitability elaborated under stewardship theory. They have indirect effects on the relationship between marketability and profitability through mudharabah and musharakah. This research is significant owing to two factors: first, the issue regarding the existence of sharia banks is currently becoming highlight of the literature of sh Sharia banks and, second, some previous research studies are negligent to analyze the marketability. The indirect impact of profit-loss sharing on the relationship between marketability and profitability is interesting to be tested and analyzed so that this research provides some contributions. First, this research deals with the concept of marketability built through the framework of market power theory. Second, this study provides universal contribution given to the body of literature on sharia finance regarding stewardship theory.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between board characteristics and corporate environmental reporting (CER) in Nigeria. The study aims to ascertain whether there is any relationship between the board of directors, risk management committee and CER. Data were collected from the annual reports of the top 100 companies listed on the Lagos Stock Exchange (LSE) for the period of 2010-2012. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. The results of the study revealed that board size, board independence and board meeting influence CER in Nigeria. The study also found that there is no significant relationship between risk management committee and CER. However, the study found that board independence has a positive relationship with CER, while board meeting has a negative relationship with it. To the best of the researcher's knowledge, there is no comprehensive prior study conducted in Nigeria in the context of examining risk management attributes relationship with CER in the three environmentally sensitive industries (Industrial goods, natural resources and Oil & gas). Therefore, there are limited studies conducted in this area in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate how much influence good corporate governance (GCG) has on corporate value, as well as moderating effect of stock return and financial performance on the influence of GCG on the corporate value. The study is based on a sample of 100 largest companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) for the period of 2010-2012. Data were collected from the annual reports and financial statements of these companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares method. The results show that GCG has a positive and significant influence on corporate value. Stock return and financial performance have a moderating effect on the relationship between GCG and corporate value, and stock return has a negative influence on the influence of GCG. This study is the first of its kind to examine the moderating effect of stock return and financial performance on the influence of GCG on corporate value. This study contributes to the existing literature on GCG and corporate value by providing evidence that stock return is a moderator variable in the relationship between GCG, corporate value and stock price.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of short-maturity debt and the type of institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism (i.e. conditional and unconditional) and the extent of agency problem arising from both debt financing and the presence of institutional investors within the corporate governance framework. The authors use a panel data set of Iranian listed companies for the period from 2005 to 2015. The authors employ a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of short-maturity debt and institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism. The results indicate that short-maturity debt and institutional ownership are positively associated with conditional and unconditional accounting conservatism. In addition, the authors also find that institutional ownership has a positive and significant effect on conditional conservatism, whereas the effect of institutional ownership on unconditional conservatism is not significant. This study is the first to examine the impact of short-maturity debt and institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism (i.e. conditional and unconditional conservatism) in the context of Iranian listed companies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of independent directors' diligence in restraining earnings management practices, particularly in the context of a developing economy like India which is characterised by concentrated corporate ownership and family control of firms. Regression analysis is used to examine the association between independent directors' diligence and discretionary accruals. Regression tests are performed to evaluate the impact of independent director diligence on earnings management practices after controlling for other factors that may influence managerial decisions. The findings of this study verify that corporate boards with diligent independent directors are associated with lower discretionary accruals. Thus, results confirm our expectations that the diligence of independent directors plays an important role in improving corporate boards' performance in a business environment. This study makes important contributions by exploring the role of independent directors' diligence in restraining earnings management practices, particularly in an emerging economy like India which has been positioned by the Central Statistics Organisation and the International Monetary Fund as the fastest growing major economy in the world. This study helps the investors in rational decision making by evaluating the reliability and usefulness of the financial information reported by firms.
The purpose of this paper is to re-examine the relationship between the use of financial derivatives and tax avoidance activities in companies within the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region. This study also includes country's tax environment factor when examining the impact of country tax environment on this relationship. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The data used in this study were obtained from the annual reports of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (ISE) for the period of 2010-2014. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach. The results of the study indicate that the use of financial derivatives is positively related to tax avoidance activities in companies within the ASEAN region. The results also indicate that country's tax environment has a moderating effect on the relationship between financial derivatives and tax avoidance. Specifically, the results of this study show that in a country with a competitive tax environment, companies can enjoy various tax facilities, such as the income from overseas will not be taxed anymore, the dividend received by the shareholders is not taxable and the company also has flexibility to compensate their fiscal losses. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between the use of financial derivatives and tax avoidance activities in the ASEAN region. This study also includes country's tax environment factor when examining the impact of country tax environment on the relationship. This factor is not included in previous studies conducted by Donohoe (2011a, b, 2012, 2015), Oktavia and Martani (2013) and Zeng (2014).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the value relevance of research and development (R&D) investment and free cash flows (FCF) for the efficient investment firms. Also, the market response to R&D and FCF among different life cycle stages and during the product market competition is also investigated. The analysis is based on the Ohlson (1995) model and data comprise of the Chinese A-listed firms from the year 2008 to 2016. Ordinary least square is estimated after controlling for time and industry effects. Life cycle stages depict different information content at each phase. The result shows that the investment efficient firms' R&D and FCF are value relevant to the overall sample. The findings of the study indicate that the information content (R&D=2=0.46) of the mature stage is higher than that of the growth phase and stagnant stage. The market does not respond to the value relevance of R&d andFCF at the stagnant stage, but the market reacts more to their book values rather than their earnings. The growth firms pay a high level of dividends, therefore, the book value of earnings becomes significant. In the end, the market responds more to the book values than to their earnings and book values. The contribution of this study is manifold. First, to the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that incorporates investment efficiency with R&D and FCF and explores its effect on the value relevance of accounting information. Second, this study explores the market response to R&d andFCF among different life cycle stages and during the product market competition. Finally, this paper also tries to resolve the query if the marketresponse to R-C and R-F is different in a competitive market as compared to a concentrated market.
The purpose of this paper is to test and analyze the influence of audit opinions, audit findings, audit follow-up and audit recommendations on the financial statements disclosure on Indonesian local government websites. This study also seeks to seek the determinant(s) of Indonesian local governments' financial statements' disclosure and the extent of its influence on the disclosure. The data were collected from the websites of local governments in Indonesia. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach. The results show that audit opinion, audit findings and the speed of conducting the follow-up audit recommendations have a significant influence on the disclosure of financial statements on local governments' websites. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between audit opinion and financial statements disclosure on local government's websites. This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of financial statements disclosure on Indonesian local government websites. This study is also one of the first studies to test and analyze the influence of audit opinions, audit findings, audit follow-up and the level of education on the disclosure of local governments' financial statements.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the factors that affect the audit report lag in terms of time in the audit assignment. This study aims to examine the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics to audit report delay. This study used the data from the annual financial statements of the companies listed on the Bursa Indonesia Stock Exchange for the period of 2009-2011. The data were collected from the company's annual financial statement and the audit report of the company. This study used a two-stage least squares regression analysis to examine the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics on audit report lag. In addition, this study also examined the impact of audit risk on the audit lag. The results of the study indicate that the audit report lag is affected by the company characteristics and the auditor characteristics. The results also show that the number of days from the closing date of the company's book book until the auditor makes an opinion regarding the firm's financial statements is the most significant factor affecting the audit lag. This study is the first study that examines the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics to audit report lag. The results of this study can be used to improve the efficiency of the audit assignment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion in the relationship between auditor and client. The data used in this study are the financial statements of the listed companies on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) for the period from January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2011. The data used for this study is the financial statement of the companies listed on the IDX for the years 2008-2011. The sample of this study consists of all listed companies in the Indonesian Stock Exchange for the year 2011. This study uses the panel data regression analysis to test the hypotheses. The results show that the audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion have a significant effect on the audit opinion with the paragraph of going concern, whereas the opinion shopping does not have any significant influence on the opinion opinion. This study is one of the first studies to examine the effects of audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion in the relationship between auditor and client.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how investors react and respond the switch of the public accounting firm by the manufacturing companies listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange between 2009 and 2012. The sample of this research consists of manufacturing companies listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange for the period 2009-2012. The sample is divided into three groups: Big 4 to Big 4 (B4B4) lateral auditor switching, cross-up (CU) auditor switching and cross-down (CD) auditor switchings, and other variables such as company size, return on equity (ROE) and return in equity (LnTA) are used as the control variables. The regression analysis is used to analyze the effects of auditor switching. The research shows that simultaneous auditor switchings affect the abnormal return as the dependent variable; and partial auditor switching, particularly the cross-up (CU) auditor switching affects the abnormal returns. Big 4 to Big 4 (B4B) lateral auditor switching and cross-down (CD) auditorswitchings, and company size and return on equity (ROE) and return in equity ( ROE) simultaneously affect the abnormally high abnormal return. CU auditor switching positively affects abnormal return, while CD auditor switching negatively affects the abnormality return. The results of this research are expected to be taken as one of the considerations for the management of the company prior to switching the public accounting firm, and this can also be used to maintain the independency and objectivity of the auditor.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the interrelationship between macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of selected quoted manufacturing firms in Nigeria. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from selected quoted manufacturing firms in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling. The results of the study revealed that macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of manufacturing firms in Nigeria are inter-related. The study found that the relationship between macroeconomic factor and firm characteristics is positive and significant. However, the relationship is not significant for firm size. The findings also revealed that firm size has no significant relationship with financial performance. The study provides evidence on the joint association between macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of manufacturing firms in Nigeria. This is the first of its kind in the Nigerian context.
The purpose of this paper is to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one at PT Industri Kereta Api (Persero) Madiun environmental management. This research uses a descriptive case study method. This research uses a descriptive case study method to try to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one. The environmental cost analysis and reporting method is based on the following steps: first, the environmental costs incurred by PT INKA (Persero) have been identified through a literature review. Second, the company's environmental costs have been classified into administrative and general expenses in the income statement of the company. Third, environmental expenditures have been combined with other expenses. PT INKA (Persero) has not made a specific environmental cost report. Environmental costs incurred are recorded as an expense of the K3LH Department and classified as administrative and general expenses in the income statement of the company. Such expenses include: employee expenses; general expenses; service charges; taxes, levies and levies fees; depreciation and amortization; maintenance expenses; education and training expenses; and research and development expenses. This research uses a descriptive case study method to try to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one. The environmental cost analysis and reporting to measure environmental performance in realizing eco-efficiency at PT Industri Kereta Api (Persero) Madiun.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of framing and groupthink to the career selection decision of accounting major students in the final year of the accounting program of Airlangga University. This study is a follow-up study of the study conducted by Ariyanto and Sukirno (2016). Previous research was conducted to analyze factors affecting career selection considering the influence of framing and groupthink factors, while this study uses the students of the accounting program of Airlangga University. The results show that framing has a positive and significant impact on the career selection decision of accounting major students in the eighth semester of English class, students' in the fourth semester of regular class and students' students in third semester of the fourth degree degree class. Meanwhile, groupthink has a significant and positive influence on the decision of job selection of the accounting students. This study is a follow-up study of the study conducted by Ariyanto and Sukirno (2016). Previous research was conducted to analyze factors affecting career selection considering the influence of framing and groupthink factors, while this study uses the students of the accounting program of Airlangga University. This study uses decision-making theory.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the linkages between non-taxable income (PTKP), Income Tax Article 21 (PPh Article 21), Incometax Article 25/29 for individual taxpayers, Value Added Tax (PPN) and Sales Tax on Luxurious Goods (PPnBM) receipt, and lastly, sales tax on luxurious goods (PPoL) receipt in East Java Province, Indonesia. A descriptive qualitative approach with the study case method, which was conducted at the Regional Office of Directorate General of Tax of East Java II, is used for this research. The data analysis technique used is descriptive statistics for describing or figuring out the collected data as it is, without making general conclusions, and also a comparative analysis is done in terms of affecting other factors in the given periods. Based on the results of the research, the increase of non-taxable income does not cause a decrease in the receipt of PPh Article 21 in 2013 when the enactment of PMK No 162/K.011/2012, only the growth of P Ph Article 21 slows down; a similar trend was observed in 2015, when the PMK Number 122/PMK.010/2015 was enacted. However, an increase in the number of registered individual taxpayers and effective individual taxpayers is not always proportional to the revenue of the tax. This is the first study on the linkages between changes of non-taxable income, PPh, PPN and PPnBM on DJP East Java II, which is based on the original terminology of taxation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from the tax offices of Lagos state, Nigeria. The data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The sample size of the study was drawn from the database of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Lagos, Nigeria, and the data collected were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and regression analysis. The results of the study revealed that there is a significant relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria. It was also found that tax audit has a positive and significant impact on tax productivity of the state. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria. It is also the first study to investigate the impact of tax audit on tax productivity.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of external and internal factors on management accounting practices (MAP) in Pakistan. The study is based on a questionnaire survey conducted in Pakistan. The data were collected by using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the top management of the organizations in Pakistan and the responses were collected from the top managers of these organizations. The respondents were asked to fill in the questionnaire about their organization's management accounting practices (MAP). The results of the study reveal that there is no significant difference between the internal and external factors in the management accounting practices of the organizations. However, there is a significant difference in the internal factors and the external factors. The results of this study show that there are no significant differences between the external and internal factors in management accounting. This study is one of the first of its kind in Pakistan to study the impact of external and internal factors on management accounting practices. The results of this study will be useful for the researchers and practitioners of management accounting.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effect of enterprise risk management (ERM) on the firm value in manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in 2010-2013. This study was conducted for manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in 2010-2013. Manufacturing companies are selected because this sector is a group business with size, volume and risk of trading that is large compared with other sectors. Tobin's Q is used in measuring values based on market perspectives reflecting investors' future expectations. The results show that ERM has a positive effect on the firm value. The corporate control size variable (size) has a significant positive influence on firm value, while the profitability control variable (ROA) and managerial ownership control variable have a significant negative influence. Managerial ownership control variables negatively affect firm value in this study. This study is one of the first studies that examines the effect of ERM on firm value in manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks and would like to elaborate, which factors are affecting profit margin (PM), interest income, deposits and certain expenses. Panel regression analysis has been used to evaluate the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks in the Indian banking sector for the period from 2005-2006 to 2010-2011. The results of the study reveal that the profitability of private banks is higher than the public sector banks in India. The study also reveals that interest income, deposits and certain expenses are the major determinants of profitability for private banks. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference in the profitability between private and public banks. This study is the first of its kind for the Indian banking sector, which divides whole banking data into three categories, i.e. private bank, public bank and combined (private and public). The authors have tried to discover the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks and would like to elaborate which factors are affecting profit margin (PM), interest income, deposits and certain expenses.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role, contribution and influence of non-executive directors (INEDs) within Malaysian public listed companies and adds to the literature by reporting a perspective from a developing nation. This paper would attempt in providing evidence on whether INEDs of Malaysian public companies also perform other roles besides the controlling function which is often associated with them. This paper is based upon a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. - The major conclusion is that INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies were appointed onto boards for various reasons, for instance, safeguarding shareholders' interests, making positive contribution as equal board members to the development of the company's strategy, enhancing the companies' reputation and providing a balanced and independent view onto the board. In other words, the IN EDs were performing the three roles of control, service and resource dependence that have been suggested by Johnson et al. - This paper adds to the literature by reporting a perspective from a developing nation. This paper would attempt in providing evidence on whether INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies also perform other roles besides the controlling function which is often associated with them. In addition, it would provide further support toward the theoretical integration of roles of NEDs as expounded by Johnson et al.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees. The present study is concerned about the effect of cash holding, investment opportunity and financial constraints on the audit fees of companies. This study is based on a sample of 1,000 companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) for the period of 2010-2014. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies. The authors used the ordinary least squares regression model to analyze the relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees. The results of the study reveal that there is a positive and significant relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees. In addition, there is also a significant and positive relationship between financial constraint and audit fees, whereas there is no significant relationship with cash holdings. The present paper provides some evidence concerning the factors that contribute to the changes of audit fees for compensating additional risk and auditor attempt based on agency problems for cash holdings. Companies with high cash holdings and growth prospects invest internally, which cause the capital market to be less interested in investigation on such companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of good corporate governance (GCG) mechanism and corporate social responsibility (CSR) on financial performance with earnings management as a mediating variable. The data used in this study were collected from a sample of 440 companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) during the period 2006-2010, except for financial companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results show that the GCG mechanism and CSR have a positive effect on financial performance and earnings management. Meanwhile, the test results and analysis show that earnings management negatively affects the financial performance. But earnings management can mediate the effect of theGCG mechanism on the company's financial performance with mediation from partial mediation. This research develops Setiawan's (2015) research. The authors are interested in re-examining the effect of GCG and CSR on financial performance by incorporating earnings management as a mediation variable.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relation between auditor independence, professionalism, professional auditor attitude and professional auditor skepticism toward the quality of the resulting audit. The population in this study is all auditors working in KAP 45 Surabaya and KAP 1 Sidoarjo. The population of this study consists of auditors who have been audited by KAPs for at least one year. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the auditors. The questionnaire consisted of three questions: independence, professionalism, professional auditor attitude, and professional auditor skepticism. The results of this study indicate that the independence of auditors correlates positively but not significantly to the quality of audit generated. The independence of the auditor does not guarantee whether it will result in a quality audit. Auditor professionalism attitude is positive and significant to the audit result. The professionalism of auditor skepticism is positively and significantly related to the resulting audit. Professionalism has an influence on audit quality. This study contributes to empirical evidence of the independence, professionalism and skepticism of audit quality. The population in this study is all auditors working in KAP 45 Surabaya and KAP 1 Sidoarjo. The results of this study indicate that the independence of auditors correlates positively but not significantly to the quality of audit generated. The independence of the auditor does not guarantee whether it will result in a quality audit.
The purpose of this paper is to find out whether Grha Prodia is considered as a green building according to LEED certification and how the green building concept reduces operating costs. This research uses two main theories, cost and green building. The research object of this research is PT. Prodia Widyahusada, one of the biggest clinical laboratories in Indonesia, which is located at 149-151 Diponegoro Street, Surabaya, Indonesia. This research uses two main theories, cost and green building. The first theory is that the green building concept reduces operating costs by reducing the usage of water and electricity. The second theory is also that the operating costs of a building can be reduced if it is considered as a green building because it can earn LEED certification. The data used in this research were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to all the employees of Grha ProdIA. Based on the analysis, Grha Prodia is considered a green building and can earn LEED certification for the categories that are proposed, LEED Building Design and Construction: New Construction v3 LEED 2009. Grhaprodia can fulfill all of the five criteria in this certification. Apart from the prerequisites credit in each criteria, Gr Ha ProdIA also fulfills a considerable amount of credits, most notably from the water efficiency criteria. This research uses two main theories, cost and green building. This research will provide benefits for PT. Prodia Widyahusada, the writer and readers in general.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between earnings quality and board leadership (i.e. board size, board composition and board independence and population of non-executive directors) for manufacturing companies in Nigeria. Data were collected from quoted manufacturing firms listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) over the period of 2011-2015. The study used a panel data regression model to examine the relationship between board leadership structure and earnings quality of the firms. The study confirms a significant relationship between board leadership structure and earnings quality. Firm size was not significant in all four models, while cash flows from operations was found significant. Board independence was not found to be significant in any of the four models. The study provides empirical evidence on the relationship between earnings quality and board leadership (i.e. board size, board composition and board independence and population of non-executive directors) for manufacturing companies in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between income and the non-employee individual taxpayer (TP) compliance; the relation among TP's perception on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability, and also the database; and the relationship between the perception of TP on law enforcement and the compliance of the ITP. Based on the attribution theory, the factors that cause TP to behave disobediently will be examined. This assessment will examine both the external factors such as income, and also internal factors, namely, the perception of TP on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability and also the database. The TSO of Pratama Surabaya Rungkut will be chosen as a place of study because its compliance level of TP is the lowest, so it can be said that the registered TPs in this TSO are less obedient than the registered TP in other TSOs. A questionnaire was distributed to the non-employee ITPs who have been registered in the TSO. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. Based on the result of this research, it can be said that the amount of income, tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability, and also the database, affect the compliance of ITPs. TPs who have a higher income tend to be more obedient than those on a low income because the large income earners tend to been more conservative in reporting tax obligations. Based on the attribution theory, this research attempts to make an assessment of what factors may affect the compliance of the individual taxpayer (TP) non-employee. This assessment will examine both the external factors such as income, and also internal factors, namely, the perception of TP on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability and also the database.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the level of transparency of local government websites in Indonesia. The study aims to determine the extent to which the local governments in Indonesia disclose information about budgets and finances on their websites. This study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected from the websites of the local governments in Indonesia through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the heads of local government in Indonesia, and the data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21. The results of the study showed that the local government websites of the provinces of West Java and East Java have a high level of transparency. The findings of this study indicate that there is no significant difference in the transparency content of the financial statements of the local governments in West Java, East Java, and South Sulawesi provinces. In addition, the results of this research show that there are no significant differences in the level of disclosure of financial statements between the provinces. This study is one of the first studies on the transparency of local government in Indonesia. This study is also the first study to investigate the transparency content of the local government websites in Indonesia, and it is the first to examine the information on transparency content on the websites of local governments in Indonesia in the context of financial management.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies in the pharmaceutical industry. Data were collected from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for the years 2000-2012. The data were analyzed using the "Science Linkage" (SL) indicator developed by Narin (1991) to measure the degree of SL. The SL indicator was then used to assess the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies. The results show that there is a significant positive relationship between open access to academic research and company innovation. However, there is no significant relationship between the number of academic papers cited in a company's patent document and company size. The results also show that the impact of open access on company innovation is stronger for companies with a larger size. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies in the pharmaceutical industry. It is also the first study to investigate the role of the size of the firm in the relationship between open access and innovation.
This manuscript proposes a readiness framework for a transformation from a second-generation university to an entrepreneurial organization based on influential factors and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on tutorial entrepreneurship literature. A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on the tutorial entrepreneurship literature. These factors are grouped into six main factors: factors that focus on individuals and their personalities as well as key actors in the university's activities, and the consequences of university's entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. The results of the study show that the readiness of the university to become an entrepreneurial university is based on the following factors: factors that focus on individuals and their personalities as key actors in the university; and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. The results of this study indicate that the university's entrepreneurial activities have a positive impact on the local economy. This manuscript proposes a readiness framework for a transformation from a second-generation university to an entrepreneurial organization based on influential factors and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on the tutorial entrepreneurship literature.
The purpose of this paper is to outline the available opportunities for collaboration between industry and universities. The authors present this information in the form of a ladder with a ladder scale of increasing risk and reward. This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration. This paper is based on the authors' own experiences of industry-university collaboration. The authors present a ladder with a ladder scale of increasing risk and reward. The ladder is presented in the form of a ranking of collaboration opportunities by investment and risk. This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration. By providing an engagement ladder, opportunities for lower-risk collaborations are indicated, enabling collaboration where high exposure is not an option. Lower-risk collaboration also enables testing a relationship before climbing the ladder to a higher-risk exposure. This is the first paper of its kind to offer a concise overview and practical examples of industry-higher education collaborations. This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration and can be applied to any cross-disciplinary configuration.
Based on the critical function of business incubation to knowledge creation, this study explores and adds to the evolution of learning practices in Chinese incubators and delves into how "learning huddles" influence incubatees' absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) to improve their chance of sustainable growth. This study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with incubatees from three incubator programs in China. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. This study finds that incubatees perceive that their absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) is enhanced through vicarious informal learning practices that promotes access to networks and thereby uses social capital to improve their likelihood of success. This study also finds that it is possible to construct a typology of learning practices based on the types of common firm-based learning practices identified in the literature. Based on the critical function of business incubation to knowledge creation, this study explores and adds to the evolution of learning practices in Chinese incubators and delves into how "learning huddles" influence incubatees' absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) to improve their chance of sustainable growth.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the packaging strategies impact on the acquiring consumer behaviour and attempt to comprehend its influence in the purchase decision-making. Respondents as initiators, information seekers, influences, decides, buyers and actual users play a greater role in modern packaging is not viewed as just a box/container or outer covering, but packaging has various tasks to play. Customer perception and intention get changed day by day, and hence, marketers should take immediate initiation to provide easy-to-use products/user-friendly, recyclable, conservative and innovative product packaging options. The study is based on a qualitative research approach. The study is conducted in the context of packaging strategies. The data are collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The respondents were selected through purposive sampling, and the data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistical techniques. The study concludes that the customer's perceptions towards packaging products are highly influential to the strategies being adopted by the marketers in influencing and ensuring consumer buying behaviour and patrons, through select packaging strategies, such as mass media exposure, innovative packaging strategies and other elements. Packaging strategies have significant impact on buying intentions and behaviour according to the study. The study endeavoured to investigate the packaging strategies impact on the acquiring consumer behaviour and attempt to comprehend its influence in the purchase decision-making. Respondents as initiators, information seekers, influences, decides, buyers and actual users play a greater role in modern packaging is not viewed as just a box/container or outer covering, but packaging has various tasks to play. Customer perception and intention get changed day by day, and hence, marketers should take immediate initiation to provide easy-to-use products/user-friendly, recyclable, conservative and innovative product packaging options.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the internal operation mechanism of the crowd innovation space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding. This study is based on the perspective of social network theory, combining relevant policy documents, media reports and other second-hand materials of crowd innovation space to design an interview outline (Ahuja, 2000). The researchers obtained first-hand information through face-to-face interviews with the founders or principals of the crowd innovation spaces, then, sorted out the text of the recordings and selected effective sentences centering on the connection between the crowd Innovation Space and other elements of the ecosystem. It is of theoretical and practical significance to explore the internal operation mechanism of crowd innovations space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding. This study found that the crowd innovation space is a center of the ecosystem with the goal of incubating innovation and entrepreneurship and connecting with the government, universities, enterprises, intermediary service organizations, social investment institutions and related environmental supporting elements in specific geographic space. The establishment of strong relationships with the key elements in the ecosystem plays an important role in the information acquisition and resource integration of crowd innovation spaces, which can improve their service capability. For example, the ties with third-party service institutions are necessary but not important for the crowd Innovation Space, because the connection between the crowd innovations space and third- party service institutions is easy to establish and maintain. This study is based on the perspective of social network theory, combining relevant policy documents, media reports and other second-hand materials of crowd innovation space to design an interview outline. The researchers obtained first-hand information through face-to-face interviews with the founders or principals of the crowd innovation spaces, then, sorted out the text of the recordings and selected effective sentences centering on the connection between the crowd Innovation Space and other elements of the ecosystem. It is of theoretical and practical significance to explore the internal operation mechanism of crowd innovations space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding.
This study aims to develop a comprehensive framework to help traditional universities move toward third-generation universities. The proposed framework answers two important questions including the following: How to set the strategic goals and priorities? How to define a portfolio of projects and programs to reach strategic goal? This framework consists of five steps including evaluating the status of the academic entrepreneurship indicators, determining the strategies and goals, identifying the relationships between the goals and rankings them, creating a list of candidate projects and programs to meet the objectives and creating a portfolio of projects and program by a multi-objective mathematical model. This framework consists of five steps including evaluating the status of the academic entrepreneurship indicators, determining the strategies and goals, identifying the relationships between the goals and rankings them, creating a list of candidate projects and programs to meet the objectives and creating a portfolio of project and program by a multi-objective mathematical model. The output of this framework is a portfolio that according to the budget and other university conditions has the highest priority in terms of transforming traditional universities into entrepreneurial universities. This study is the first attempt to develop a comprehensive framework to help traditional universities move toward third-generation universities. The proposed framework answers two important questions including the following: How to set the strategic goals and priorities? How to define a portfolio of projects and programs to reach strategic goal?
The purpose of this paper is to study the efficiency of crowdsourcing initiatives in the background of customer-involved service innovation under the crowdsourcing. The authors modify an existing structural model to study customers' dynamic learning process using the actual data on MyStarbucksIdea.com, a crowdsourcing platform that allows customers to submit new ideas to compete to win an award. The results in the paper show that in the early stage of the website, members of the online community not only overestimate the value of their ideas, but also underestimate the cost for the firm to implement ideas. Therefore, members tend to be excessively optimistic and post a large number of new ideas with little value. Along with the learning process, individuals gradually realize the true value of ideas, and know about the firm's cost structure. For marginal idea contributors, the expectation of posting new ideas starts to drop. As a result, customers' learning process plays the role of self-selection, which filters out marginal ideas contributors, leading to a decrease in the number of ideas after the website reaches a stable stage. The majority of researches on crowdsourcing are aimed at crowdsourcing contests, in which customers post ideas to compete to win an award. However, only a few studies are conducted on this type of crowdsourcing initiatives. The authors modify an existing structural model to study customers' dynamic learning process using the actual data on MyStarbucksIdea.com, which is a permanent and open idea solicitation.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolution process of the development of science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system from the perspective of policy characteristics, and to construct a design framework for the construction of the innovation policy system. Based on the previous research, this study explores the evolution process of the evolution of the science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system. Furthermore, the authors construct a framework of the design of the innovation policy system from the perspective of policy characteristics. The authors use the case study of Shandong Province as an example. The results show that the design of science and technology innovation policy should focus on multidimensionality and effectiveness, and the same policies should focus upon diversity and combination effects. In addition, it is found that Shandong Province's innovation policies system should be designed from the perspective of policy demand and supply and provide differentiated policies to support different innovation entities. Furthermore, this study provides a reference basis for future development and research. Based on the previous research, this study explores the evolution process of the evolution of the science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system. This study provides a more comprehensive understanding of the changing trends and hotspots of international research and provides a reference basis for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model to establish automobile electronics (AE) industry clustering. This study focuses on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model. Systematic study is divided into four stages. Stage 1 deals with interviews with the enterprises, and gathering and sorting out of their demands. Stage 2 describes the expert interviews the understanding of the main problems arising from the operation and management of the enterprises within the scope of electronics and electrical domain. Stage 3 emphasizes the importance ranking of all demands using expert weight method. Stage 4 establishes the innovative talent cultivator model. In this paper, 42 enterprises from Kaohsiung Industry Park expect to solve their preferential problems: development of new products, recruiting new staff, yield rate control and improvement, marketing strategy, energy saving and carbon reduction. Enterprise would like to collaborate with universities for assistance and expertise in staff development. This study focuses on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model. This study is the first of its kind in Taiwan. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other industries to improve their talent cultivation programs.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the best processes that are currently used in managing talent and knowledge creation (KC) in Australian higher education and then investigate the effect of talent management processes on KC. This study adopts a sequential exploratory strategy as a specific mixed-methods design. A quantitative instrument of TMPs and KC was designed and comprehensively conceptualised utilising social, excellent, performance, strategic, behavioural and developmental concepts within TMP's with innovative, informational and technological concepts underlining KC within the Australian public and private universities in Queensland. The instrument was used to collect data from a sample of 1,000 faculty members from Australian universities. There is a strongly and significantly positive impact for TMPs (TA, TD and TR) on KC in Australian universities. All regression paths between TMP and KC (independent composite variables) and KC in the Australian higher education sector are strongly significant and positive. Theoretically, the study adds a value to both TM and KM literature through designing a conceptual model that links both of these variables in Australian higher education. This research designed a quantitative instrument of TMPs and KC for the Australian educational institutions. The instrument is severely designed and comprehensively conceptualised utilising social, excellent, performance, strategic, behavioural and developmental concepts with innovative, informational and technological concepts underlining KC within Australian public and private universities in Queensland.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural characteristics of inter-organizational collaborative network in the automobile industry of China and their influence on the new product development (NPD) performance of the firm. The data were collected from the automobile industry of China. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. The results show that the number of direct ties of a firm in a collaboration network has a positive effect on its NPD performance. On the other hand, the structural holes of the collaboration network have a negative effect on the development of new products of the firm. This study is one of the first to examine the structural characteristics of inter-organizational collaborative network in the automobile industry of China and their influence on the NPD performance of the firm from three aspects of direct ties, indirect ties and structural holes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore factors contributing to the low collaboration between the private sector and Saudi universities. The authors conducted a comprehensive survey of researchers at various regional universities in Saudi Arabia to understand the causes of the problem from the researcher's perspective. The authors conducted a comprehensive survey of researchers at various regional universities to understand the causes of the problem from the researcher's perspective. After a comprehensive literature review on UBC, the authors present the regression results of the survey, along with key with recommendations. The findings from the regression analysis are in line with the responses to the opinion questions. However, the regression models point to two very important issues, especially when we compare GFP and PFP. First, publishing IA is a strong predictor for GFP, but statistically insignificant for PFP, in other words, publishing in ISI-indexed journals is not sufficient for the private sector to perceive faculty members as researchers. Second, for the GFP model, ATL has no statistical significance while for the PFP model it is statistically significant with negative impact; it is no significant with no relationship with GFP. This study is one of the first attempts to explore factors contributing to the low collaboration between the private sector and Saudi universities from the researcher's perspective. It is also the first attempt to examine the relationship between GFP and PFP in Saudi Arabia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of both individual and institutional level factors on the choice of knowledge dissemination (KD) outlets for management research. Specifically, this study examines the following research question: What individual and institution level factors influence the choice to disseminate management research? The authors conducted a sequential mixed-methods study. The study uses qualitative methods, including one-on-one interviews (n=29) and five workshops with administrators, management scholars, students and external community members (practitioners and policymakers), to develop a conceptual model associated with the antecedents of KD of management research. The results suggest that individual and institutional level factors influence the choice of KD outlets for management research. Specifically, the authors found that the perceived legitimacy of peer-reviewed journals was the strongest predictor of KD outcomes, followed by teaching-oriented journals, social media and print media. The authors also found that institutional factors such as tenure and promotion were not associated with KD outcomes. This study is one of the first to examine the influence of individual and institutional level factors on the choice of KD outlets for management research at the individual level.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a synthesis comprising advancements of the entrepreneurial ecosystems (EE) concept, theoretical underpinnings and elements influencing its dynamics. The authors define the EE as a set of interconnected entrepreneurial actors, organisations, institutions and entrepreneurial processes, which formally and informally coalesce to connect, mediate and govern the performance within the local entrepreneurial environment involving a dynamic and systemic nature, within a supportive environment. A systematic review of the literature was conducted on EE antecedents, theoretical limitations, distinctive features, elements and measurement approaches. A conceptual framework for the study of the composition and interactions of EEs was proposed, replicating and expanding Stam's and Spigel's (2017) work. This study contributes to entrepreneurship research by providing a synthesis of the emerging concept of EEs as a dynamic and holistic approach to the study of entrepreneurship. Furthermore, it provides clarification and distinction from other related concepts, adding to the efforts towards the conceptualisation of EEs, and paves the way for further research. This study contributes to entrepreneurship research by providing a synthesis of the emerging concept of EEs as a dynamic and holistic approach to the study of entrepreneurship. Furthermore, it provides clarification and distinction from other related concepts (e.g. clusters, regional innovation systems and national systems of entrepreneurship), adding to the efforts towards its conceptualisation; and by providing avenues identified for further research. The conceptual framework provides a holistic and dynamic perspective reflecting value creation, entrepreneurial activity and relational interactions within institutional environments.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the synergy within the West African Triple Helix innovation systems using the game theory; specifically, it aims to determine the profile of 15 West African countries regarding the core, Shapley value and the nucleolus. This study uses the game theory to measure the synergy within the West African Triple Helix innovation systems. It uses Shannon's information theory indicators, namely, mutual information (Leydesdorff, 2003) and the transmission power (Megnigbeto, 2014). The sample consists of 15 West African countries: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone and Togo. The results of the study reveal that the countries in the Triple Helix of university-industry-government relationships are characterized by a low level of mutual information and a high level of transmission power. The study also reveals that there is a lack of synergy within the West African innovation systems, as measured by the Shapley value. This is the first study to use game theory to measure the synergy within the Triple Helix of university-industry-government relationships in West Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically review the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment. This paper systematically reviews the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment. Through comparative analysis of data and theory, the authors have discovered a number of internationalized experience models of research institutions with Chinese characteristics. At the organizational structure level, China overseas research institutions are mainly responsible for technology tracking and monitoring, assisting domestic headquarters to carry out technology research and development, whereas western enterprises are mainly responsibility for technology export. In terms of innovation effectiveness, the internationalization of Chinese research institutions has a positive impact on innovation performance, whereas R&D internationalization in developed countries has multiple conclusions, such as U-shaped and inverted U- shaped. Chinese enterprises have a high degree of dependence on foreign technology, insufficient overseas talents and management experience. Therefore, Chinese enterprises are more inclined to the Greenfield investment model, due to rich in management experience, low dependence onforeign technology and need for technical protection. This paper is the first attempt to systematically review the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an end-to-end learning model for cancer cell line classification via a convolutional neural network that can be used to assist automated detection tools and diagnoses. The authors developed a convolutional neural network that accurately classifies MDA-MB-468 and MCF7 breast cancer cells after being trained on 995 brightfield breast cancer cell images, validated with 123 brightfield microscopy cell images and then tested on 123 bright field images. The authors used the back-propagation algorithm to train the entire architecture in a supervised fashion. The authors developed a convolutional neural network that accurately classifies MDA-MB-468 and MCF7 breast cancer cells after being trained on 995 brightfield breast cancer cell images, validated with 123 brightfield Breast Cancer cell images and then tested on 123 bright field microscopy images. The authors performed well, with a 99 percent accuracy score and 0.98 AUC score. The authors believe that this system holds promise for expansion into other cancerous and normal cell lines of other diseases cases as may be reflected in upcoming work. More importantly, it can potentially help lower barriers for care in less equipped labs.
The purpose of this paper is to explore practices that are utilised for managing talent development in the higher education environment in six Australian universities. A qualitative research approach was used to explore practices that are utilised for managing talent development in the higher education environment in six Australian universities. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were used to collect data from six universities in Queensland, Australia. Data were analysed using thematic analysis. The key conclusion of this study is that Queensland universities are significantly aware of four processes that are currently used in managing talent development in their divisions and faculties. These processes are performance management, coaching talent, leadership development and talent acquisition processes to be most common processes within educational institutions. Consequently, participants consider those practices as a strategic key to institutional success. The research offers a value added to talent management theory. It also provides an inclusive review of future studies in choosing the best practices related to talent development. This will assist researchers in the field of human resources management to provide a deeper understanding of talent development and develop a theoretical foundation for their further studies.
The purpose of this paper is to study the economic market outcomes and income distribution when capital is not homogeneous. It is typically argued that the production function in the theoretical macro model is a microeconomic production function. However, the empirical evidence and examples are from macroeconomics. Such a construct has been used in macroeconomic analysis for a long time, but it seems that it is conceptually confusing and problematic, since it is difficult to believe that in applied work one can have those requirements met. The paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the aggregate production function. The authors use two different aggregation types, i.e. summing over firms and over industries in certain contexts in a country or the same industry over different nations. The author uses the GMM approach in order to find out whether aggregate production functions can describe the technology at the aggregate level. The results show that the aggregate production function does not have a sound theoretical basis and therefore is deceiving. However, it is possible to obtain a well-behaved aggregated production function, like GDP = F(K, L), when capital is not homogeneous. This paper is the first to show that the aggregate production function does not have a sound theoretical basis and therefore is deceiving. Therefore, it is necessary to use micro production functions in macroeconomic analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to advance how the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, to then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice. The authors draw on an institutional-based view and follow the studies that propose that differences across sub-national locations (cities, states, regions and countries) matter - because of pronounced differences in the economic, productive, cultural, social, historic, demographic, administrative and governmental backgrounds. The authors analyze how these institutional differences across locations render differences in innovativeness (or ability to innovate) and are thus likely to drive the locations selected by MNCs to locate their R&D subsidiaries. The authors find that the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, and then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice. In sum, the authors propose that places (cities, states, regions) within a country have specific institutional contexts that are distinct, albeit probably dependent from the wider country-level institutional context. This study contributes to the international business (IB) literature by showing how the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, to then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the relationship of career anchors with three aspects: millennials' professional skills, millennials' awareness of the replacement of jobs with new technologies and the technological stress in the millennials' working environment. To achieve this goal, questionnaires were analyzed and answered by 208 young people (200 of them complete), all final year students in business administration at a private university in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil. The results show that the millennials' career anchors are positively related to their professional skills, their awareness of the replacement of jobs with new technologies and the technological stress in their working environment. In addition, it is shown that technological stress is negatively related to the millennial's professional skills and negatively associated with their awareness and awareness of technological innovations. The study of the career of young people of the millennium generation in their association with technological innovations through career anchors has not been conducted before. The results presented in this paper contribute to a recent debate, which emphasizes the impact of new technologies on the nature of work and employment levels but takes little account of the consequences of technological changes on individual perceptions of the future of work.
Considering the economic importance of the Brazilian food sector and the demand for higher productivity and efficiency rates, the purpose of this paper is to measure the intensity of innovation and to compare it with other manufacturing sectors in the country. To meet the proposed objective, the authors applied the Malmquist index (MI) in addition to the data envelopment analysis (DEA) approach. The authors used data provided by annual survey of industry [Pesquisa Industrial Anual de Inovacao Pimenta de Inverso (PIA), in Portuguese and in Portuguese] and survey of innovation [PESquisa Pimentacao Intelectual Pintura e Tecnologia (PINTEC) in Portuguese - the latter produced by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE, Portuguese) - and data regarding technology intensity (TI) provided by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). The results show that the intensity of innovation in the Brazilian food sector is low, which indicates one of the lowest rates when compared to other manufacturing sectors in the country. The Malmquist index (MIMI) indicates that the food sector has the lowest level of innovation intensity in Brazil, which is consistent with the results obtained by the DEA-Malmquist approach. The methodological construction is an advance achieved by this study, which analyzes the intensity of innovation in the Brazilian food sector and compares it with other manufacturing sectors in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of innovative organizational climate (IOC) and innovative work behavior (IWB) on project success (PS). Additionally, the moderating effect of gender and work culture on the relation between innovative climate and behavior is tested. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in the paint industry of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results showed a significant association between IOC and PS. IOC had a significant and positive effect on IWB. Additionally, the study also provided support for the fact that individuals in the private sector are more affected by IOC with respect to IWB as compared to public sector employees. However, no difference was found between male and female employees. The present study makes a novel contribution by studying the influence of IOC and IWB on project success (PS). Additionally, moderating effect of gender and work culture on the relation between innovative climate and behavior is tested in the study. Most existing literature pertaining to innovation was found to be conducted in developed countries such as USA, Canada, England, England (Edwards, Delbridge, & Munday, 2005), The Netherlands (de Jong & Vermeulen, 2006), Turkey (Ar & Baki, 2011) and New Zealand (Clark, 2010).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the occurrence of the triple helix interaction in the state of Minas Gerais and survey the results of this interaction through the database of projects promoted by Fapemig between the years 2009 and 2018. In addition, the authors aim at demonstrating herein, through a case study, some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX. The methodology used in this research is a case study of the performance of the Research Support Foundation of the State of Minas Gerais (Fapemig) as an inducer of the triple helix interaction in the state, using the database of projects promoted by the foundation between the years 2009 and 2018. In addition, the authors conducted a statistical analysis of the results of these projects, comparing them with the results obtained from the National Innovation System. The results of the analysis show that the triple helix interaction occurs in the state of Minas Gerais, and that there is always dependence and exchange relations with the National Innovation System (NIS), and relations that are clear when comparing the data with the consolidated data. In addition, the results show that there are some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX. This is one of the first studies investigating the triple helix model in the state of Minas Gerais, contributing to literature on the subject. Besides, the authors aim at demonstrating herein, through a case study, some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the influence of top management capabilities, namely, foreign market knowledge and global mindset (GM), towards firm export performance. Superior management is one of the major sources of super-normal profits for firms; yet, the internationalization-performance literature has largely underplayed the role of managers. In addition, Kyvik, Saris, Bonet, and Felicio (2013) made a claim that there was little focus on the role on the CEO's mindset or mental models in the internationalized literature on small firms. Thus, this study is conducted to determine whether top management team (TMT) capabilities have influence on export performance of halal product. This study is done based on second-generation upper echelon theory (UET) developed by Carpenter, Geletkanycz, and Sanders (2004). In the model, Carpenter have added more theoretical construct proxied by top management team (TMT) demographic. Instead of just testing the existing TMT demographic, this study attempted to combine conventional demographic item which is foreign knowledge and the new item which are GM and see whether these two top management characteristics influence organizational outcome. TMT GM has stronger influence towards international firm performance as compared with TMT foreign knowledge. This is aligned with a study conducted by Marandu (2014) which highlighted export experience of management team as one of the factors that significantly makes low export performance of SMEs differ. The theoretical contribution of this study is by adding more TMT demographic in UET, which may explain organizational outcome. The inclusion of GM is also an attempt to explore direct measures of top management characteristics instead of using demographic as proxies. Moreover, these two additional characteristics may deem importance specifically in international business setting which might be ignored in existing UET model.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an integrative perspective of knowledge management (KM) challenges and identification of human issues on employees' satisfaction and well-being in various organisational sectors. The study adopted a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with eight organisations in the construction sector in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique. The findings of this study indicate that KM in Malaysian organisations has room for improvement, driven by its leadership. The main obstacle towards KM implementation is organisational culture, whereby building an effective culture to promote knowledge sharing and encourage collaboration is a crucial requirement for the success of KM programmes and a digital solution through the usage of IT is another requirement for KM. It should be noted that it is important to develop a strong culture of change management; a balanced focus on people, process and infrastructure is crucial for effective KM programmes. This study provides an integrative perspective of KM challenges and human issues on employees' satisfaction and well-being in KM implementation in various organisational sectors in Malaysia. This study has proposed 14 concepts and two themes (process and infrastructure issues and cultural issues).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the consumption attachment of Brazilian fans of the National Football League (NFL) on Twitter. The study aims to identify the characteristics of the Brazilian fans' attachment to the NFL brand and to explore the role played by social media interaction in this attachment. A netnography approach was used to collect data on Twitter interactions between fans of the National Football League (NFL) in Brazil. The data were analyzed using NVivo 8.0, a social network analysis software. The results show that Brazilian fans of the NFL have a strong attachment to the league and to the teams, players, and experiences of the league, and they show a high level of attachment to their teams and experiences. However, they do not attach to the fans of other teams or to the country of origin. Moreover, the analysis shows that there is a significant difference between the attachment of Brazilian fans to the team and the team, players and experiences, as well as between the fans who watch the games on TV and those who watch them on Twitter. This study contributes to the literature on social media interaction in the context of media sports, as it is one of the first studies to investigate the consumption attachment of fans of the National Football League on Twitter.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the design thinking (DT) and extreme programming (XP) activities adopted by the students, how they introduced them, what results in they reached, and the lessons learned from the experience. In 2016, a group of MBA students with diverse skills commenced a TIW course whose goal was to build a software or some type of technological prototype with some innovation in an agile way. The prototype scoping and requirements were volatile leading to several changes during the development. Considering this demand, the initial planning was to adopt an agile process - extreme programming (XP) to guide the students to deliver the prototype under volatile domains. After the first experience in 2016 and the premise that MBA students should ask more interesting questions, the instructor adopted, for the next workshops, the design thinking (DT) approach to guide students during the innovation process to mitigate the risks associated with innovation obstacles and foster an innovative behavior. The results show that DT and XP activities can promote good insights to understand the user problem and build a technological solution with some novelty. Students indicate that DT approaches and XP approaches aid to develop an innovative solution. The results also show that the students' engagement in the classroom activities is low. This paper is the first to describe the DT and XP activities adopted by the students, how they introduced them, what results in they reached, and the lessons learned. This report may be relevant to instructors to plan similar TIWs in MBA courses.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision support system, based on a digital 3D city model, that is searchable, high performing and unique in its ability to interconnect with the city's systems to analyze data in real-time to extract relevant information for use in decision making. The paper presents a review of the literature on smart cities, building information modeling (BIM), Geographic Information System (GIS), the smart city and digital 3D city models. The paper also presents a case study of the creation of a searchable 3D smart city model, which is based on a three-phase process. The paper presents a review of the literature and identifies the limitations inherent in existing management domains: low digital and technological maturity; lack of a strategic vision for sustainable development; problem resolution limitations, and the emergence of new problems; silo management; scope of human resource and change management; and the importance of managing and owning data. In the face of issues that are constantly increasing in scope and complexity, the solutions proffered to aid in decision-making are also becoming ever smarter. This paper presents a novel approach to the creation of a searchable 3D smart city model that is searchable, high performing and unique in its ability to interconnect with the city's systems to analyze data in real-time to extract relevant information for use in decision making.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the countries' innovation factors that are determinant for them to reach higher levels of development, using the indicators of innovation observed in the Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) and techniques of comparisons of means and discriminant analysis. The indicators of innovation observed in the Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) were used to identify the countries' innovation factors that are determinant for them to achieve higher levels of development. Also, techniques of comparisons of means and discriminant analysis were applied to check which of these factors should be prioritized for a country to be considered the most competitive one. The results suggest that the factors Capacity for Innovation, Quality of Scientific Research Institutions, Company Spending on R&D, University-Industry Collaboration in R &D, Government Procurement of Advanced Technology Products, Availability of Scientists and Engineers and PCT Patent Applications are decisive for positioning countries in terms of their stage of development and should be part of enterprises' strategic planning and public policy. Furthermore, the findings also show that countries should prioritize the factors quality of scientific research institutions, quality ofscientific research institutions and availability of scientists and engineers and patent applications, as these factors, when acting together, together, predict the evolution to higher stages of development. This work contributes to promoting advances in practice and academic discussions regarding the importance of innovation and its components for the development and competitiveness of the countries.
The purpose of this paper is to present quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives, supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016. A pilot project for investors proposed the MCDA using AHP-Borda. AHP weights are used in PROMETHEE II computations justifying the rank according to the weights. The three MCDA tools used herein provide the possibility of investing according to investors' preference in four different countries groups correlated due to their integrated supply chain in some economic sectors. The results obtained are compatible with the authors' proposal of offering to DMs a complete ranking of alternatives for contributing with the decision-making process improvement in terms of choices related to technological investments alternatives. This paper presents quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives, supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016. The results obtained are compatible with the authors' proposal of offering to DMs a complete ranking of alternatives for contributing with the decision-making process improvement in terms of choices related to technological investments alternatives. This paper presents quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a bibliometric study on the subject of FinTechs, which is an example of technological innovations competing with the traditional system of service provision, in this case, the provision of financial services. The justification for this study is the need to deepen the study of the FinTech phenomenon, to identify how the theories of administration are currently trying to explain the phenomenon. A bibliometric study was carried out in 6 academic databases (Emerald, ProQuest, Science Direct, Scopus, Web of Science and Google Scholar). A total of 1,749 publications in these databases were identified. The research in the works not belonging to peer-reviewed publications (gray literature) was analyzed. A total of 1,749 publications in 6 databases (Emerald, ProQuest, Science Direct, Scopus, Web of Science and Google Scholar) were identified. A total of 55 per cent of the 20 most cited articles are in the gray literature. The main theories of administration used to explain the FinTechs phenomenon are: the disruptive innovation theory, the information technology (IT) theory and the technology-organization-management theory. This is the first bibliometric study on the subject FinTechs. It is intended to contribute to filling a gap currently existing: the search and identification of theories of administration currently used to study this theme. This gap allows considering the subject as lacking in surveys.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of open innovation in the semiconductor industry in Brazil. The open innovation model has proved to be a determinant factor for the increase of innovation and economic performance of companies. In addition, it is important for the success of the industry, as the industry can be considered an innovation engine. This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected through a questionnaire sent to all design houses of the semiconductor industry in Brazil. In addition, the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the analysis indicate that there is a high level of open innovation in the Brazilian design houses. In addition, it was found that the number of design houses with open innovation is higher than the number with closed innovation. Furthermore, the results show that there are no significant differences in the level of innovation between the two groups of companies. This is the first study to analyze the open innovation model in the semiconductor industry in Brazil. The results of this study can be used as a basis for the development of a model of open innovation in other industries, such as the automotive industry.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of organizational learning (OL) and service innovation (SI) on the organizational performance of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS) such as Brazilian architectural companies. Data were collected through a survey of KIBS in the Brazilian construction industry and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that OL and SI have a positive influence on the organizational performance of KIBS. The results also show that SI has a positive effect on the performance of Brazilian architectural KI BS, while OL has a negative effect. Few empirical studies were found including SIs, which represents a paradox, considering the importance of KIBS as innovation drivers in the construction industry, capable of distinguishing between innovation creation and adoption and able to clarify the state of innovation within their industry. This study contributes to the literature by analyzing the influence of OL and SI on the organizational performance of Brazilian architectural firms, such as Brazilian architectural companies, which have not been studied before.
The purpose of this paper is to argue in favor of the open-source hardware (OSH) model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process. The authors intend to demonstrate that the adoption of the OSH philosophy can be a catalyst for one of the main missions of the academia: technological innovation and entrepreneurship. The paper is based on a literature review of the literature related to the open-source hardware (OSH) model and the concept of academic entrepreneurship. In addition, the paper presents the main features of the OSH model and discusses its potential as a model of technological innovation and academic entrepreneurship in Brazil. The authors argue in favor of the OSH model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process. The authors intend to demonstrate that the adoption of the open model can be a catalyst for one of the main missions of the academia: technological innovation and entrepreneurship. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it contributes to the discussion of the OSH model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the perceptions of individuals involved in the implementation of human resource information systems (HRIS) on: the results it should produce; the characteristics it should have; and how it should be implemented. It also seeks to provide information to the HR management field by pointing to some possible HRIS requirements that may benefit their innovative potential. A qualitative research design was adopted. Four sets of interviews were conducted with individuals involved in the implementation of HRIS in different stages of the implementation process. The analyses of these interviews sought to identify the importance attributed to different aspects regarding the system and how the answers converged and diverged among categories. The results of the content analyses showed that the HRIS features and the way by which individuals responsible for its implementation perceive and interpret these aspects are important for its effectiveness. In general, these individuals are major decision-makers and they may substantially influence the choice of a system and the ways by which it should be implemented. The findings suggest that the implementation of HRIS may lead to the improvement of the strategic management of people and to the strengthen of the HR department role as a business partner of the organisation. The originality of the present study stems from the comparison of four sets of content analyses and from the integration of the views from different professionals in diverse contexts. Moreover, this study addresses the professionals' perception of how they may achieve an adjustment between system and management models. This is crucial for organisations to attain competitive advantage from HRIS implementation.
The purpose of this paper is to identify dimensions that can influence the innovation process in justice organizations. Innovation in justice aims to improve the efficiency and quality of judicial services provided to society. There is a growing effort to foster a culture of innovation in the justice organizations in Brazil, but it is not completely clear how innovation process could influence those organizations. The study is based on a quantitative approach, using a survey of justice organizations in Brazil. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS). The results show that there are five dimensions that influence the innovation process in justice organizations. The first dimension concerns the institutional pressure on justice organizations to innovate. There is evidence that the CNJ induces innovation, especially in the courts. Even if the institutional environment restricts innovation, some actors interested in developing and implementing innovations put pressure on both the organizational and institutional environments in the expectation of reducing resistance to innovations. Although leadership does not support innovation, there are individuals who seek alternatives, such as the development of external partnerships, which enable the implementation of innovative practices. In this context, innovation will occur more slowly, but will not stop, according to the sample surveyed. The findings of this research constitute an important step in building knowledge about innovation process in justice organizations, an environment characterized by stability. Considering the social importance of the justice system and the lack of research in this domain, this paper reduces the theoretical gap and, at the same time, generates insights into improving the administration of justice.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of innovation and strategic planning on enhancing organizational performance of the Dubai Police. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the police officers of Dubai Police. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study indicate that innovation and strategic planning have a positive and significant impact on organizational performance of Dubai Police. In addition, strategic planning has a significant and positive impact on innovation and organizational performance. The results also indicate that the relationship between innovation and performance is stronger than that of strategic planning. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of innovation and strategic planning on enhancing organizational performance of Dubai Police. The findings of this study can be used to improve the performance of police agencies in the UAE and other countries.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a comprehensive analysis of Indonesia's public service innovation characteristic and trend drawn from the Indonesian Public Service Innovation Competition 2014-2016. Pragmatically, this study aims to capture the landscape of public service innovations in Indonesia. This study is based on the literature review and content analysis of the Indonesian Public Service Innovation Competition 2014-2016. The data were collected from the Ministry of Administrative Reform of the Republic of Indonesia's official website, which is the official website of the competition. The findings of this study revealed that Indonesia's public service innovation is characterized by three major themes: public sector innovation of governance arrangement, public service delivery and public service quality. The findings also revealed that public organizations in Indonesia are willing to innovate in providing public services. However, there is still room for improvement in terms of public service innovations in Indonesia. This study provides a comprehensive description of public service innovation in Indonesia's context as one of the examples of specific non-western public administration system. This study also offers an alternative perspective on this issue.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the theoretical discussion about effectuation, since the seminal article in 2001, and to propose a research agenda for future studies. The authors conducted a systematic literature review to understand the current state of the theoretical debate on effectuation and propose a research agenda for future studies. The results indicate that the theoretical debate on effectuation remains open, which indicates that the approach is open to discussion. However, there is a lack of interest in theoretical and critical debate, and this kind of posture tends to limit theoretical advance. Therefore, the authors propose a research agenda for future studies. This investigation contributes to the advancement of knowledge through the presentation, consolidation and analysis of the theoretical discussion about effectuation that indicates the need for new reflections and academic debates around the concepts. Additionally, it offers some provocation so that studies can go beyond mere empirical replication and additional theoretical efforts.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the way different economic sectors in Brazil use knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS), taking into account relevant aspects of their innovation profile, and to evaluate to what extent the use of KIBS is associated with firms' innovation performance. An exploratory analysis of data from the national research on technological innovation of 2014 (PINTEC 2014) was carried out to discover the patterns of KIBS use in different sectors of the Brazilian economy. This version of PINTEC has data on the innovative activity of Brazilian firms from 2012 to 2014. The results show that the use of KIBS by different sectors of the Brazilian economy is associated with different aspects of innovation performance. The research outcomes also reveal that the type of KiBS hired matters to stimulate the innovation outcomes of customer firms. Finally, the pattern of use in Brazil differs from the ones identified in other economies, suggesting that the country effect needs to be further investigated in the literature. The contribution of this paper is threefold. First, it adds additional evidence to the existing literature on the importance of KIBS as a source of innovation for their customers, confirming the findings of previous studies (Doloreux & Shearmur, 2013; Freire, 2005; Hu et al., 2013; Teixeira & Santos, 2016) with data from the Brazilian economy. The research outcomes also reveal that the type of KiBS hired matters to stimulate the innovation outcomes of customer firms. Finally, the pattern of use in Brazil differs from the ones identified in other economies, like Portugal and Canada, suggesting that the country effect needs to be further investigated.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of customer loyalty in the Indonesian ride-sharing services: offline vs online. The online motorcycle taxi service is one of the public transportation services with motorbikes owned by individuals to serve the demand for transportation on an individual basis. Assessment of customer satisfaction on offline service of motorcycle taxi services is done using service quality (SERVQUAL) dimensions used by Parasuraman, Zeithaml, and Berry (1988). The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the customers of online and offline motorcycle taxi services in Jakarta, Indonesia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) using AMOS 20.0. The results of the study show that offline service quality (SERVQUAL) has a positive effect on customer loyalty, while online service quality has a negative effect. The results also show that customer loyalty has a significant impact on customer satisfaction, which in turn affects customer loyalty on online service. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the determinants of customer loyalty in the Indonesian ride-sharing services by comparing offline and online motorcycle taxi services. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other countries that are in the process of developing their own motorcycle transportation services.
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of lead users (LUs) on innovation success using a conceptual model based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. The authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables. The authors proposed a conceptual model based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. The authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables. To test and validate the proposed model, the authors conducted a survey among 30 IT companies in Tunisia to perform both EFA and multiple regression analysis to validate the conceptual model. It was found that "KS" can be considered as a key variable that influences positively the relationship between LUs and innovation success, as LUs share their knowledge and exchange their skills and competencies with other members of the community to develop innovative ideas, products, processes or processes. Hence, the researchers studied the mediating role of the "KS". This paper provides an integrated framework based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. Moreover, the authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to this discussion and answer, from the case study of the innovative management model adopted by the Government of Minas Gerais, Brazil, for the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, the following question: Is public-private partnership (PPP) financially viable a viable alternative for the management of regional airports in Brazil? This study is based on a case study of the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, which is managed by the Government of Minas Gerais, Brazil. The case study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the case of the innovative management model of the airport was analyzed by means of a literature review. The second phase of the study was based on the analysis of the financial and operational results of the regional airport and the results of a survey conducted with the airport's stakeholders. The innovative management model of the Zona da Mata regional airport is an example of a public-private partnership (PPP) model for the management of regional airports in Brazil, which is financially viable in the context of budgetary constraints. The model is based on a combination of public and private investment in infrastructure and the development of the airport. This work contributes to the discussion of the alternatives for the management of regional airports in Brazil and, in particular, the case study of the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, which is one of the most important regional airports of the country.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of Brazilian public higher educational institutions (Instituicoes Publicas de Ensino Superior - PHEI). This study develops the theme, emphasizing information available on the 2010 Census, which covers a broader range of federal public educational institutions in the country. Employing, to this end, data from the Directory of Public Public Research Groups (Diretor Gruposquisa de Pesquisa DGP) of CNPq, this study identifies the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of public higher educational institutions. The results show that the remunerations that contribute the most to the innovative performance of PHEI are related to the number of research projects, the amount of research activities and the research intensity. In addition, it was found that the most important remuneration that contributes most to innovative performance is the grant that is provided to the research group. This study contributes to the literature by identifying the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of Brazilian public higher educational institutions. It also contributes to a better understanding of U-C interactions between universities and companies.
Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. The purpose of this paper is to explore how crowdsourcing is used by companies. This paper is based on an in-depth case study of four companies that have adopted crowdsourcing as part of their marketing strategy. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the employees of each of the companies. Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. When addressing the article's main objective, the authors verified that the employees interviewed in the field research were not yet prepared for the implementation of crowdsourcing. It was noted that: companies do not have an established institutional mission; those that do usually follow depleting and unengaging standardization. Companies seek to differentiate themselves from competitors strictly by manipulating the marketing mix (quality, customer service and price). Entrepreneurs act exclusively in the wholesale segment and their owners do not consider approximation with the final consumer to be important, arbitrarily leaving this task to middlemen, who have the preparation or the legitimacy for such task. Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. In the same way, using bloggers to evaluate products today is a basic form of research and development, networking, and communication with consumers, who become co-creators of products and services.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the use of information technology systems as an innovative strategy to meet the demands of beneficiaries of a health-care company, improving efficiency and control, developing a knowledge management system and seeking actively ways to support a knowledge-intensive business service. A case study was carried out in a health-care company in Brazil, using a case study approach. Data were collected through interviews with the managers of the company and the beneficiaries of the health care company, as well as the use of the HealthCRM. The choice of the HealthCRM workflow enabled a better management of the relationship channel with the beneficiaries of the health-care company, improving efficiency and control, developing a knowledge management system and seeking actively ways to support a knowledge-intensive business service. This work was also motivated by the lack of studies in studies in the areas of health care companies in Brazil, in which there are knowledge- intensive services, as well as the absence of studies regarding the use of tools to manage the channels and the quality of the service provided. This work was motivated by the lack of studies in studies in the areas of health-care companies in Brazil - in which there are knowledge-intensive services -, as well as the absence of studies regarding the use of tools to manage the contact channels and the quality of the service provided. The choice of the HealthCRM workflow enabled a better management of the relationship channel with the beneficiaries of the health care company.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. A framework that can be used to assess sustainability of living labs is proposed. The research adopted the Four Capital Method of Sustainable Development Evaluation to assess the sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. The study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with key informants from the labs. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The research determined the innovation outcome of Living Labs with regard to their sustainability in Kenya, identified the support and operational structures in Living Lab sustainability and the innovation approach for the sustainability of living labs. A framework that can be used to assess the sustainability in Living Labs is proposed. This research has demonstrated the applicability of the Four Capital Method of Sustainable Development Evaluation to assess sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. Considering the emphasis placed on innovation by all government policy documents in Kenya (Vision 2030 planning blueprint, ICT master plan, and ICT policy) the sustainability has the potential to address Kenya's and Africa's socioeconomic and developmental needs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how technology-forcing regulations affect the product development process in the supply chain of heavyweight vehicles. Unlike cars, heavyweight (commercial) vehicles are capital goods: they represent an investment for their customers (transportation companies or independent truckers), who are sensitive to cost and less sensitive to environmental issues. The paper is based on a case study of two leading companies in the Brazilian heavyweight vehicle industry. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with managers of the two companies and a comparison with the literature, based upon which the authors develop conclusions. The results show that ecodesign practices could be verified at various product development stages at the studied companies, but mainly at the automaker because it imposes the conditions and norms for product development. However, attention should be paid to the fact that the project project was mainly motivated by the existence of governmental regulation. Although the engine supplier already possessed the technology needed to develop this product (and it had already offered it in other markets), the industry had to invest in new technology to meet the Euro 5 emission standards. This paper contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the impact of technology-forcing regulations on the product development process in the supply chain of heavyweight vehicles in Brazil. The paper also provides a theoretical framework for application of ecodesign practices in the automotive industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the practices and degree of innovation of micro and small enterprises (MSEs) based on the assumption that innovation contributes to improve competitiveness and, consequently, the longevity of smaller companies. Innovation indicators enable the understanding and monitoring of the processes of production, dissemination and use of scientific knowledge and new technologies. In times of economic or social crisis, the innovation process assumes greater relevance due to market shrinking and the increased competition between companies. The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted a survey in the West and Southwest metropolitan regions of the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the top managers of MSEs in each of the two regions. The second phase involved the use of the IR model to identify the degree of innovation in the sample. The data were analyzed using the SPSS software. The results show that the degree of innovation in MSEs in Sao Paulo's West and Southwest metropolitan regions is low and that the firms in the sample are characterized by a high degree of process improvements, professional development of teams, actions to seize ideas and opportunities, among others. In addition, the authors propose the classification of the firms according to the internationally validated model known as the Innovation Radar. The study contributes to the identification of the degree of innovation of these firms, which comprise a representative and strategic segment of the city's economy, by checking to what extent an innovative attitude is effectively present in this sector. The theoretical contribution of this study regards the appropriateness of mechanisms or methodologies created to measure the level of innovation in large organizations. Dimensions such as technological platform, brand, innovative ambience, degree of organization or systematization of processes, which are frequently considered for companies in general, and especially for large ones, are not sufficient or too sophisticated to enable an effective measurement of innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the appropriateness of the guarantees used in the refundable financing operations of the "BRDE Inova" program to the needs of knowledge-intensive micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) to access credit for innovation. In a first stage, the authors surveyed all operations that used funds from the programs Inovacred and Innovative MSMEs, since the creation of BRDE Inova. Next, they sought to identify how players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina, who have used these programs, see the access of knowledge-intensiveMSMEs to innovation financing, especially regarding the required guarantees. From the documentary survey and the interviews conducted herein, a triangulated data analysis was conducted to provide better support for the analysis. The analysis of the projects showed that the availability of mortgage or mortgage alienation is a significant factor in the guarantee conditions of the BRDE Inova program. In addition, it was found that the guarantees used in the refundable financing operations of the program are not appropriate for the needs of knowledge-intensive MSMEs. The analysis of interviews with the players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina revealed that the lack of guarantees is one of the main barriers to innovation financing. By examining each of the contracted projects, the research offers an additional contribution compared to studies that focused their analyses at the programs' level. Next, the authors sought to identify how players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina have used these programs, who have used the access of knowledge-intensive MSMEs to innovation financing, especially regarding the required guarantees.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the correlation between the investments in the Brazilian Space Agency (BSA) and the filing of patenting. First, the authors carried out a survey in order to obtain information on investments accomplished by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MCTI) in the BSA, and on the number of patents based on data retrieved from the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). Later on, a statistical analysis was carried out, which comprehends the correlation between government investment in BSA and patent applications in the three kinds of patenting: patent of invention, utility model and certificate of addition of invention. From 2011 to 2016, there was an increase in the investment in the BSA and hence a development in the number of patent applications, which indicates a higher correlation between these variables. After the correlation made between the variable investments of the federal government and utility model patenting, patents of invention and certificate of addition of invention, it was found out that there is a strong correlation between investments in B SA and patent applications. The contribution of the article to the debate on innovation is how the emergence of are directly associated with the investments of the federal government in agencies directly linked to the development of technologies, especially the BSA.
This paper aims at identifying suitable requests in terms of current market positions, as well as new social relationships resulting from a collaborative economy. For this purpose, the authors questioned which of the factors motivated the technological users to collaborate, with different levels of network involvement, and consequently to adopt a voluntary posture toward sharing. The study was carried out on Waze, a traffic-monitoring app that combines information shared by the users, as the basis of the study. To facilitate the study, Waze was used as a case study. The data were collected by means of an online survey, which was sent to the users of Waze. In total, 1,000 questionnaires were sent out, with a response rate of 20 percent. The results of this study show that the users of Waze are divided into three groups, according to the characteristics of the platform itself and the user profiles. The results also show that, in terms of the utilization aspects, there are significant differences between the groups, especially in the gamification and utilization aspects. Regardless of the user profile, neither group sees the dynamics of the collaborative technology as the main motivation for sharing information. There is a large amount of material on technology use; most studies focus on managerial use in organizations, but none of them analyzes the consumer or his/her behavior when making use of collaborative technology. What is now being proposed is to gather more detailed information and research in terms of the environment and existing platforms, as current research and reports generally address experiences, individual predisposition when using the organizational platforms and future growth perspectives for posterity in this market.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of student entrepreneurship in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Brazil. The authors aim to identify the specific features that allow the emergence of student entrepreneurial behavior and the influence of university environment and support institutions over the entrepreneurial behavior of students. The authors build their analysis on a dataset developed by Endeavor Brazil and Sebrae. In total, 2,230 college and university students from 70 HEIs were interviewed between April and May 2016. Five Probit models were developed to identify impacts related to individual traits and systemic conditions on five dimensions of interest: entrepreneurial activity, prospective entrepreneurs, high-impact entrepreneurship, serial entrepreneurship, innovation-driven entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship. The results indicate that student entrepreneurship in Brazil is not a random phenomenon, but rather a result of a complex set of factors. The authors identify five dimensions of interest: entrepreneurial activity, prospective entrepreneurs, high-impact entrepreneurship, serial entrepreneurship, innovation-driven entrepreneurship and research-oriented entrepreneurship. In addition, the authors find that there is a positive relationship between entrepreneurial activity and the probability of becoming an entrepreneur, while there is no significant relationship between prospective entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship. This paper contributes to the literature by providing a deeper understanding of the determinants of student entrepreneurship in higher education institutions in Brazil. In addition, it provides insights for policies targeted at increasing entrepreneurship levels within academic contexts.
The purpose of this paper is to test the complexity theory and study the relationship between organizational adaptability, institutional leadership and business process reengineering performance using lessons from microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Uganda. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of MFIs in Uganda. The data were analyzed using cluster analysis to identify homogeneous clusters of business process reengineered MFIs. Further, qualitative data were collected from MFIs through semi-structured interviews. The findings indicate that the reengineered business processes are homogeneous and belong to the same class of MFIs. Results from qualitative analysis further reveal that business process reengineering performance is perceived differently. The authors conclude that whereas previous scholars have focused on efficiency and effectiveness measures, this study has provided a theoretical explanation of business processReengineering performance in developing economies in Uganda. This study augments the field of management science by studying business process reengineering performance of MFIs using a theory of change from complexity science phenomenon. This study has provided theoretical explanation of business processReengineering performance in developing economies.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the literature of leadership in the context of startups operating in developing countries by comparing the influence of transformational leadership (Carless, Wearing, & Mann, 2000) and instrumental leadership (Antonakis & House, 2004) on individual employee and financial company performance. Data were collected from a sample of 100 Brazilian startups and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results show that transformational leadership has a positive effect on both subjective and objective employee and financial performance, while instrumental leadership does not have a significant effect on employee performance. This study contributes to the literature of leadership in the context of startups operating in developing countries by comparing the influence of transformational leadership (Carless, Wearing, & Mann, 2000) and instrumental leadership (Antonakis & House, 2004) on individual employee and financial performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the academic side of university-firm linkages, reporting the results of research (called the "BR Survey", a primary database) conducted in Brazil with leaders of research groups that interacted with firms. The authors analysed the answers from 662 research groups (from both universities and research institutes) to investigate whether the intensity of private funds affects the results. The authors present primary data from a survey conducted in Brazil with leaders of research groups that interacted with firms. The authors analysed the answers from 662 research groups (from both universities and research institutes) to investigate whether the intensity of private funds affects the results of the interactions. The paper uses an econometric logit model in which the authors test the influence of different sources of funding on the type of result (scientific versus technological), controlling for other variables. To reach the goal, the authors classify interaction results as: scientific: new scientific discoveries and research projects; publications, theses and dissertations; human resources' and students' education; and technological/innovative: new products, artefacts and processes; improvement of industrial products and processes. The results show that the intensity of private funding does not affect the results of U-F interactions. However, it does affect the type of result (scientific versus technological) of the interactions. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the intensity and the number of interactions. This is one of the few studies from developing countries that investigate the consequences of private funding for the universities' traditional mission. This is the contribution in this article.
The purpose of this paper is to present reflections and points of interest on the performance of Brazil and highlight the advances and challenges in relation to the intellectual property (IP) system, highlighting some scientific, economic and technological indicators. The paper presents some scientific, economic and technological indicators on the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017, in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication. The authors highlight some scientific, economic and technological indicators on the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017, in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication. By analyzing GDP investments in R&D activities, it was found that the contribution of public resources (1.24 per cent), although more significant than the private sector, constitutes a challenge to the OECD's goal for 2019 (2.3 per cent). The paper provides an overview of the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017 in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the alignment of the organizational structure and the R&D management of EMBRAPA, a public, internationalized research and development (R&D) company. For this purpose, the authors conduct a research of qualitative nature with a descriptive methodological approach and a single case study method, with EMBRAPA being the unit of analysis. The analysis is through the analysis of the organizational structure, organizational chart and the units dispersed strategically nationally and internationally, and the R&D management system. The results present the description of the organizational structure, organizational chart and the units dispersed strategically nationally and internationally. The authors describe the R&D management system and its structures, involving portfolios, arrangements, programs, macro programs, portfolios and projects, respectively. Through this study, the authors are able to advance knowledge about R& D management systems and the importance of alignment between management and organizational structure. The study advances the theoretical knowledge about the organizational structure of an internationalized R&D company and the relationships of this organizational structure with the management and R & D management system. It enables the description of aspects related to R& D management, as well as governance aspects. It contributes by characterizing the structural framework and established relationships for R &D management, which relates to innovations generation. Above all, it describes mechanisms for aligning demands and executing projects in a public, internationalized public research company.
The purpose of this paper is to find out if environmentally sound technologies (ESTs) developed by Brazilian science and technology institutions (STIs) were transferred to companies, either through cooperative research or through mechanisms such as licensing agreements or spin-offs. The research groups database of the Brazilian National Innovation System (DGP/CNPq) was used to identify 1,939 research groups. The data were analyzed by means of a content analysis of patents, licensing agreements and spin-offs. The analysis was carried out in two steps. First, the research groups' names were extracted from the database. Second, the patent applications of each group were analyzed. The results showed that only six patents could be associated with the 1,939 identified research groups. Of the six patents, only one was the object of a licensing agreement and no spin-off was identified. The small number of TT agreements in the set of the examined research groups demands improvements in the Brazilian National Innovation System. The results achieved in this paper show a mismatch between EST development by STIs in Brazil, and the transfer of these technologies to companies, to be used in new products or processes. These results are much necessary, mainly regarding green technologies or ESTs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how business model innovation (BMI) happens in Brazilian manufacturing companies, from medium to large-sized, located in the Rio Grande do Sul state. The specific objectives include the investigation of BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process. A delimitation was carried out in the study of manufacturing companies, from medium to large-sized, located in the Rio Grande do Sul state. Companies were selected by accessibility and convenience. A multiple case study approach was used to analyze the BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process. BMI represents not the sum, but the combination of innovations in several dimensions. Thus, the new form of value generation stems from the way smaller changes combine within the organizational context. The BMI of the investigated companies occurs mainly boosted by the desire to expand the markets, diversification and differentiation of products and services, to guarantee competitiveness in the market. The processes occurred due to the identification of new market opportunities and the need to survive in the business environment. This paper contributes to the body of knowledge on the topic of BMI by investigating the BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process. The paper also contributes to improve the understanding of the results and the performance of BMI.
The purpose of this paper is to understand how innovation-oriented social networks set within technology-based incubators are shaped. This study is an effort to understand the dynamics of the socialization that takes place inside incubators, which can facilitate the knowledge sharing in innovation processes. This research was conducted in technology-based incubators companies linked to Brazilian universities in the southeast region, more specifically in the state of Minas Gerais. The social network characteristics analyzed in this research were the level of relationships between team members, their closeness, and the levels of intermediation among them. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the team members of the incubators. The findings of this study can offer an understanding of the social network dynamics established inside technology-based companies, associating these dynamics with innovation-oriented knowledge sharing. This paper also intends to offer a perspective of social network distribution in terms of centrality and frequency of interactions to better understand the incubation environment. The findings of this study can offer an understanding of the social network dynamics established inside technology-based companies, associating these dynamics with innovation-oriented knowledge sharing. This paper also intends to offer a perspective of social network distribution in terms of centrality and frequency of interactions to better understand the incubation environment.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the existing and emerging dimensions of social innovation by studying the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local (ADEL - Agency of Local Development in Portuguese) and its main programmes in the semiarid region of Ceara. The research is based on a case study conducted by the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local (ADEL - Agency of Local Development in Portuguese) in the semi-arid region of Ceara, Brazil. The data were collected through in-field data collection (semistructured interviews) and using other sources to corroborate with the results obtained. Finally, data were treated with the content analysis technique using resources from the NVIVO 10 software for qualitative research. The results show that the ADEL's activities contribute to the promotion of local economic development in the semi-arid region of Ceara. Moreover, it is possible to identify the existing and emerging dimensions of social innovation by studying the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local and its main programmes. This research contributes for the academic debate, as it takes into account the dimensions of social innovation by analysing closely an intrinsic case (STAKE, 1998). The relevance of such case is justified by the representativity it has in its region. Moreover, the identification effort enabled a dense, contextual and dimensional analysis of this social innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to perform a bibliometric review to identify the national studies on innovation in public administration. The results of the article will increase the level of knowledge about the subject and will subsidize the proposition of a research agenda to promote advances in theoretical and practical knowledge when it comes to innovation in the public sector. To reach the objective of the research, the authors chose to perform a bibliometric review based on the protocol proposed by Cronin et al. (2008), composed of the following steps: formulation of a research question, definition of the criteria for the inclusion and exclusion of articles, selection and access to articles, evaluation of the quality of the literature and analysis, synthesis and dissemination of the results. The bibliometrics review considered articles published in national journals with a classification of intellectual production, according to Qualis da Capes (Coordination for Improvement of Higher Education Personnel), in the evaluation of Public Administration and Business, Accounting and Tourism, in stratum equal to or greater than B1. The results of the bibliometric review pointed to dispersion and heterogeneity among the researchers who published articles on innovation in the public sector and their institutions, but also to a wide avenue of study possibilities. The bibliometrics revealed that there is a lack of research on the subject of innovation in public administration in the Brazilian context. The results of the bibliometric review will increase the level of knowledge about the subject and will subsidize the proposition of a research agenda to promote advances in theoretical and practical knowledge when it comes to innovation in the public sector. Few studies have covered public administration and, especially, innovation reviews.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a review on disruptive business models, considering its importance in the creation of new business models or the reconfiguration of an organization's existing business model, with the objective of creating new business structures to an innovative market, through the redefinition of what exists in the market, aiming at proposing a unique value to the customer. The literature on disruptive business models was collected and revised to obtain the state of the art and construct a research agenda related to this theme, also considering, for this purpose, an analysis related to business models and new technologies, which represent the key concepts and segmentation of the main theme of this review. The results obtained show that the literature on disruptive business models is emerging and addressing an important phenomenon in the market that lacks the basis to sustain it, thus deepening the theoretical aspects of this topic and reducing the lack in the empirical literature. In this sense, this article contributes to clarifying the disruptive business model gap and revealing some opportunities for future researches. This article contributes, through a review, to the mapping of the literature on disruptive business models, thus deepening the theoretical literature on this topic and reducing the lack in this literature. Thus, the research agenda of this article contributes to clarifying the disruptive business model gap and revealing some opportunities for future researches.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of creative corporate culture on the level of intangibility and its effects, individual and combined, on the performance of foreign firms traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The sample consists of foreign firms listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for a period of five years (2009-2011). The data were collected from the annual reports of the NYSE's 100 largest foreign firms for the period of 2009-2011. The sample consisted of 1,037 firms, of which 1,081 firms were included in the final sample. The data analysis was performed using the partial least squares method. The results show that creative culture has a positive influence on the level of intangibility of firms and that both constructs, individually or combined, have a positive impact on corporate performance, with the combined effect expected to be greater than the individual effect on corporate culture. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence on the relationship between creative corporate culture and intangibility and its effect on the performance of foreign firms traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the obstacles that undermine the potential of science, technology and innovation (ST&I) policies to contribute more effectively to the improvement of the Brazilian innovation indicators. It is argued that these obstacles have less to do with the innovation policies themselves and more toDo with their detachment from the institutional framework used to implement them. The institutional framework is barely adherent to the perception of a systemic nature of the innovation process. To support this proposition, a set of data and arguments are systematized in this paper. The data used are the results of the last edition of the Brazilian Innovation Survey (PINTEC) issued by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics. It is argued that the reasons why the ST&I policies failed to contribute more effectively to the increase of the Brazilian technological efforts have less to do with the innovation policies themselves and more with their detachment from the institutional framework used to implement them, as the "messy dissensus" emerges at the moment these policies are put in march. The originality of this work lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to show that a "messy dissensus" creates institutional obstacles to the full effectiveness of consensual innovation policies in the Brazilian case.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss process philosophy's potential contributions to an understanding and investigation of innovation processes associated with organizational contexts. The paper is based on a conceptual analysis of ontological and epistemological principles derived from process philosophy. The authors develop two propositions about what they consider to be more process philosophy-oriented research of innovation processes. They also illustrate how these two specific ideas have been put in practice - according to the analysis - in theoretical-empirical studies of innovation process phenomena. Finally, the authors conclude by stressing the potentiality and limitations of process philosophy's potential contributions to innovation process research within organization studies. Process philosophy is not an entire novelty inside organizational and innovation studies. However, recent claims about the process philosophy's potential contributions to OS raise old and new questions about its value in understanding organizational-related issues, such as innovation processes. By considering processes of innovation as characterized by complex and dynamic interactions, more radical process-based conceptualizations of the innovation process phenomena may inspire more insightful ideas about the interactional phenomena and on the elements involved in creative relations. This paper's objective represents only a small, modest step in the direction of a better understanding of a process philosophy-oriented understanding of innovation process research. This paper's objective represents only a small, modest step in the direction of a better understanding of process philosophy's potential contributions to innovation process research within organization studies. At the same time, the authors hope to contribute to showing potential relations between analytical constructs inspired by the process philosophy perspective and the empirical phenomenon of the innovation process.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the profile of entrepreneurial researchers in the Brazilian academic context, with focus on the state of Sao Paulo. It contributes to the development of the topic of academic entrepreneurship, both from the conceptual and empirical points of view, based on the presentation and discussion of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research. The study is based on the evaluation of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the former holders of FAPESP undergraduate, Master and PhD scholarships. The sample was divided into three groups: academic entrepreneurs, nonacademic entrepreneurs and non-entrepreneurs. The authors can conclude that the researcher's family income, level of education, gender and knowledge area are factors associated (to a greater or lesser degree) with academic entrepreneurship. That is, higher family incomes, lower levels of education and more applied areas of knowledge shape the profile of the academic entrepreneur. On the other hand, a previous work experience during graduation does not have a direct relationship with entrepreneurial activity. The paper contributes to the development of the topic of academic entrepreneurship in the country, both from the conceptual and empirical points of view, based on the presentation and discussion of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze collaboration networks between institutions that produced patents in a specific sector of biotechnology, and Brazil had as the priority country. Technologies protected by patents regarding patents regarding medicinal preparations containing plant materials have a high interest worldwide. This paper presents an analysis of the global scenario of these patents with the evolution of filings over the last 20 years, the main inventors and the kinds of actors - companies, universities and research institutes. It also shows the profile of partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative R&D&I business model. The results show the importance of establishing partnerships between companies, government and universities, aiming to enhance technological innovation. Brazil is the first country of deposit with patents in the field of medical preparations that contain products of plant origin, and it is the country with the highest number of patents in this sector. It is also the country that has the most patent applications in this field. The results also show the profile of the partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative business model. This paper presents an analysis of the global scenario of these patents with the evolution of filings over the last 20 years, the main inventors and the kinds of actors - companies, universities and research institutes. It also shows the profile of the partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative R&D business model.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze consumer behavior toward the adoption of wearable technologies, i.e. electronic technologies that are used directly on the body as accessories (bracelets, watches, glasses, etc.), clothing or shoes. The objective of this study is to discover which elements exert the greatest influence on the intention to consume equipment in this niche, which will allow practitioners to predict which devices will be adopted in the coming years by certain user groups. To analyze consumer behavior toward the selected wearable technology, exploratory qualitative research was conducted, with netnography used to collect data. This methodology aims to study consumer behavior through observations of online communities (Kozinets, 2002, 2010) to discreetly obtain deeper insights into consumers' opinions, motivations, problems and concerns, so as to categorize types of consumers and the values that influence their use and consumption of technology. The results of the study show that the most important factors influencing the adoption of wearable technologies by consumers are perceived benefit, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, perceived value, perceived risk and perceived usefulness. In addition, the results show that perceived usefulness and perceived risk have a positive influence on consumers' intention to purchase Google Glass, while perceived risk has a negative influence. This study contributes to the body of knowledge on consumer behavior toward wearable technologies by identifying the factors that influence the adoption of these devices by consumers. The results of this study will allow practitioners to predict which devices will be adopted in the coming years by certain user groups and which ones will not be.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of technological capabilities in the relationship between strategic supply chain management (SSCM) and competitive advantage (CA) in the Campinas Technological Hub. A survey was conducted in the Campinas Technological Hub, Sao Paulo state, Brazil, and data were collected through a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data collected. The results show that technological capabilities mediate the relationship between strategic supply chain management (SSCM) and the competitive advantage of the companies in the Campinas, SP Tech Hub. This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of technological capabilities in the relationship between strategic supply chain management, technological innovation capabilities and competitive advantage in a technology hub.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the perceptions of individuals in industrial companies regarding the factors in their work environment that stimulate or inhibit the creativity of the organization's members. The scarcity of studies on how work environment factors influence creative performance in Brazilian companies gives rise to the following research question: Which work environment elements are perceived by individuals as stimulants or inhibitors of creativity? This study uses the KEYS research instrument (Amabile et al., 1996), which is designed to explore peoples' perceptions of their work environment based on environmental factors related to creativity. The KEYS instrument was used to collect data from employees in industrial companies in Brazil. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that the work environment factors described by componential theory do not affect creativity as expected in the Brazilian context and to consider the possible consequences of this finding for the management of innovation processes. This study makes pioneering use of the KEYS research instrument (Amabile et al., 1996), which is designed to explore peoples' perceptions of their work environment based on environmental factors related to creativity. The scarcity of studies on how work environment factors influence creative performance in Brazilian companies gives rise to the following research question: Which work environment elements are perceived by individuals as stimulants or inhibitors of creativity?
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for analyzing the relationship between the favorable conditions for innovation offered by technology parks, the innovations of companies located there and their respective organizational performances. Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the managers of park- based companies (CM), generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review. Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the CM, generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review, which supports the propositions of the model which was designed and presented above. Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the CM, generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review, which supports the propositions of the model that was designed and presented above.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the main attributes of "Internet of Things" (IoT) products that affect the emotional and functional experiences of purchase intention. This study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that the constructs interactivity, sense of presence, intelligence, convenience and security have a significant effect on the emotional experience, and that connectivity, interactivity and convenience have a positive effect on functional experience. By analyzing the effects on the intention to buy, the authors showed that both are significant, but the emotion experience has a greater influence on purchase intention. The originality of this study lies in the fact that it contributes to the understanding of the influence of the attributes of IoT products on the functional and emotional experiences of purchase intention, and consequently on the intention to buy.
The purpose of this paper is to present a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise. This paper presents a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise. This method also considers competitive intelligence and agile project management techniques to update and coordinate people's involvement. The results indicate that the proposed roadmap updating framework is viable because it was applied in a real case, benefitting those involved. The proposed steps (planning, updating cycle and strategic analysis) can be continuously optimized with the introduction of new methods, tools and activities that will bring the organization closer to excellence in using the roadmap for the promotion of innovation. This paper presents a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise. This method also considers competitive intelligence and agile project management techniques to update and coordinate people's involvement. Thus, it allows for continuous improvement of roadmappers' results, interconnected with the decisions regarding innovation made in the strategic planning process, leading to a new level of organizational commitment toward roadmapper performance.
The purpose of this paper is to address the following research question: What types of innovations can impact on the firm performance of the micro and small enterprises (MSEs) in the Brazilian foodservice industry? Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in the foodservice industry in Brazil. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. The results show that offering and platform innovations are two illustrative examples of product innovations that lead to higher levels of firm performance in the foodservice industry. However, it seems to suggest that some types of innovations do not necessarily lead MSEs toward higher performance levels. This study contributes to the literature on innovation, firm performance and innovation in the foodservice industry. It is the first attempt to analyze the relationship between innovation and firm performance in the context of MSEs in the Brazilian foodservice sector.
The purpose of this paper is to identify models of innovation adopted by courts through the theoretical lens of the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. Also, the study seeks to understand the phenomenon of innovation in judicial organizations. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a literature review was conducted to identify models of innovation adopted by courts through the theoretical lens of the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. The second phase of the study was based on an empirical study of the innovation models adopted by labor courts in Brazil. Data were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to all the labor courts of the State of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The results of the study show that the innovation models adopted by the labor courts in Brazil are based on the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. The results also show that there are three main types of innovation models in the Brazilian judiciary. The first type of innovation model is the process model, which is based on a combination of the principles and principles related to innovation in services proposed by Djellal and Gallouj and Weinstein (1997), which point to the need to characterize the factors that make up the process of creating the innovation model. The second type of model is a process model that focuses on the implementation of the innovation. The third type is a model of innovation that is the result of the integration of the processes of innovation in the judicial services. The study contributes to the understanding of innovation in judicial organizations, which is a research field that has been understudied, especially in terms of a specific sector of public administration such as the judiciary. Also, the study seeks to fill a gap in the research field given that there have been relatively few studies on innovation in the public sector in general and in the judiciary in particular.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the innovation practices of small technology-based companies (TBCs) during their periods of incubation and post-incubation (graduate companies). The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted a qualitative analysis of the innovation practices in incubated and post-incubated small TBCs. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the managers of these companies. The second phase was a quantitative analysis of their innovation practices, using a questionnaire survey. The results show that the innovation practices of small TBCs differ in formality, type, attitude and strategy. They depend on innovation, especially on technological innovation, for their growth and success. With more innovations, and consequently, they achieve growth and survival in the market. The paper contributes to advance knowledge on the innovation processes during incubation and post-incubation periods. Through the identification, analysis and systematization of the relevant variables of this process, the authors intend to collaborate for a better understanding of innovation in incubated and graduate small companies, taking into account the complex and dynamic environment in which they operate.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the innovation capability of firms in different technological intensity strata and to correlate OECD's typology (which implies different levels of technology mastering for distinct sectors) with the innovation routines and behavior of any firm. The authors carried out an exploratory case study of four companies, each belonging to an industrial sector whose technological intensity was defined by Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) (2003, 2007) typology. The results show that firms in high-technology-intensive sectors are more innovative than firms in low-technological intensity sectors. Moreover, the innovation capability of firms in different technological intensity strata is correlated with the innovation routines and behavior of any firm. This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a conceptual relation between technological intensity and innovation capability, which has not been suggested in the literature to date.
The purpose of this paper is to identify empirically the influence of the learning mechanisms provided by organizations on knowledge sharing in the organizational environment. The relevance of this research is supported by the contribution to the deepening of knowledge about the relationship between organizational actions promoted by top management and knowledge sharing, supporting decision-making in the organization environment regarding contextual factors that influence social interaction. The research was conducted in the Federal Direct Administration (FDA) of Brazil. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the employees of the FDA. The sample consisted of 1,000 individuals from different levels of the organization. The analysis of the data was performed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. The results of the study show that the learning mechanisms provided by organizations have a positive influence on knowledge sharing in the organizational environment. In addition, the results show that top management support has a significant influence on the process of knowledge sharing, while the support provided by individuals has no influence on this process. The relevance of this research is supported by the contribution to the deepening of knowledge about the relationship between organizational actions promoted by top management and knowledge sharing, supporting decision-making in the organizational environment regarding contextual factors that influence the social interaction between individuals.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the research on organizational innovation from a bibliometric approach by using quantitative analysis, which, in its broader and more objective way, complements the qualitative studies. This paper uses a bibliometric approach to analyze the research on organizational innovation from a qualitative and quantitative point of view. This approach is based on bibliometrics, which is a method that originated from the qualitative studies in the field of organizational innovation. The results show that the main theoretical bases of the literature on organizational innovation are related to organizational structures, organizational structures and organizational processes. The most important aspects of organizational innovation in the literature are organizational innovation as a process and as an outcome, as well as the relationship between organizational innovation and innovation capacity. Furthermore, the most recent perspectives within the organizational innovation literature are based on the concept of the innovation network and the innovation process. Finally, the results of the bibliometric analysis show that there is a need for further research on the topic of innovation. This paper is the first to analyze the literature on organizational innovation from a bibliometric approach by using quantitative analysis, which, in its broader and more objective way, complements the qualitative studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the technology transfer (TT) and the interaction between universities and companies happen in two cases of Brazilian universities. To achieve this purpose, the methodology used was the descriptive qualitative research based on the analysis of two cases. The case subjects were University of Campinas (UNICAMP) and University of Vale do Rio dos Sinos (UNISINOS). Through this research, we were able to identify weaknesses and strengths both in the university-industry interaction processes and in the TT processes of the studied cases. As shortcomings, we point out the bureaucracy, the lack of innovation and entrepreneurship culture and the university's lack of experience on working in collaborative research as well as the company's lack on working with the university. As strengths, there is the importance of combining theory with practice, achieved through collaborative research, the possibility of generating new technologies and the regional impact that these technologies may achieve. This paper contributes to the literature on TT and the Schumpeterian trilogy by providing a theoretical framework for the university-industry interaction and by showing the importance of combining theory with practice, achieved through collaborative research, the possibility of generating new technologies and the regional impact these technologies may achieve.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a new perspective on the topic of engineering and development in Brazil, with a focus on the challenges and prospects for the future. The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature, as well as on the analysis of the most recent studies on the topic, and on the author's own experience in the field. There is a need to continue investing in the development of Brazilian engineering through maintaining academic mobility programs such as Science without Borders, as well as new teaching methodologies and integrating globally, through the financing of international research projects. The distribution of investment in the various fields of engineering must be balanced, taking into account national strategies and the technological interrelations between the fields analyzed in this article. Brazil has strong potential for development in the engineering and development field. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a new perspective on the topic of engineering and development in Brazil, taking into account the technological interrelations between the various fields analyzed in this article.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influence of motivation in the intention of contribution by participants in crowdsourcing platforms using multiple theories. The authors sought to identify what motivations are more relevant in the context of crowdsourcing. Data were collected through an online survey, which was distributed to the participants of a crowdsourcing competition in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). Motivations that had not yet been considered in the literature on the Theory of Planned Behavior, acknowledgment, fun and satisfaction and learning, proved to be good predictors of the Attitude of the contributors. Moreover regarding the model, attitude and self-efficacy, in turn, were able to satisfactorily explain the intention of contribution. This study contributes to the understanding of the factors influencing the contribution of the participants in crowdsourcing, and to the popularization of this practice among companies, which will be safer, as they will get to know the dynamics of participation of contributors. That said, no study, as far as the authors know, has been undertaken to understand what motivations are more relevant in the context of crowdsourcing platforms using multiple theories.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of third-party logistics providers, or TPLs, in the development of innovative importation logistics solutions in Brazil and also to understand what innovation in logistics means to them. A qualitative multiple case study approach was used. Four TPLs were selected for the study. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the CEOs of each of the four companies, as well as a cross-case analysis of the cases. The role of TPLs in the development of innovative logistics solutions in Brazilian importations was found to be positive and negative in a convergent way, as well as found in each case. Regarding the implications of the present study, no specific theoretical reference was found on the subject in terms of the importation process, but rather related to information technology, which has been presented. The main contribution of this paper is the analysis of the role of TPLs in the development of innovative logistics solutions in Brazilian importations. The main contribution is the identification of critical aspects that contribute to or hinder innovation in importation logistics.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze empirically how changes in the labor share are associated with changes in income inequality, as measured by the Gini coefficient and how this is driven by income shares for different quintiles, for a broad range of countries during the most recent period. The authors analyze empirically the relationship between the declining labor share and income inequality, as measured by the Gini coefficient and how this is driven by income shares for quintiles, for 62 countries during the most recent period 1990-2015, using panel data techniques. The authors find that a lower labor share is associated with a higher Gini coefficient. Moreover, the lower the quintile, the stronger the relationship between the labor share and the income share of the quintiles. The paper provides a more comprehensive empirical investigation into how higher income inequality has been associated with the declining share of labor that has occurred over the period 1990-2015, in contrast to earlier contributions to the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the long-run evolution of the Argentine economy and identify the moment in which it started diverging from other developed economies. Comparisons have traditionally been made with Australia and Canada, territories of new settlements which shared similar economic characteristics with Argentina at the end of the 19th century. An analysis of the relative behavior in terms of GDP per capita shows a particular development of Argentina with these other two economies until the middle of the 20th century and then the catching-up process lost strength. It should be noted, however, that these long-term trends were accompanied by a peculiar cyclical component, a characteristic shared with other countries in Latin America. The cyclical characteristics of the Argentine economy have been studied using both the traditional measures of the analysis of cycles as well as additional innovative measures that focus primarily on studying expansions. The outcomes obtained confirm that there is a history of absolute and relative decay in the long run in the Argentinian economy that has a clear correspondence with the cyclical behavior exhibited by this country. The results obtained indicate the following for the Argentine economy: there is indeed a relationship between the long and the short term. Expansions last less and recessions have more amplitude after that date. This paper contributes to the debate on the long-term evolution of the Argentine economy and identifies the moment in which it started diverging from other developed economies. The cyclical characteristics have been studied using both the traditional measures of the analysis of cycles as well as additional innovative measures that focus primarily on studying expansions.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the validity of unemployment hysteresis for selected transition economies, namely, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic (CzechR), Estonia, Hungary, the Kyrgyz Republic (KyrgyzR), Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Kazakhstan and the Slovak Republic (SlovakR). The authors use various unit root tests that consider linear, non-linear structures and structural breaks to determine whether the initial specifications of the series affect the performance of unit root test results on unemployment hysteresis. The authors also use various tests that focus on the different properties of the time series. The results of these tests support that the hysteresis hypothesis is accepted for all transition economies except Kazakhstan and SlovakR. It was revealed that the results were highly dependent on the power of the unit root tests applied. Moreover, if non-linearity and/or structural breaks are not taken into consideration, the series may present as stationary if it is not stationary. When unit root test results are applied to unemployment rates, the authors find mixed evidence for hysteretic unemployment rates for all countries. This study contributes to the existing literature because these transition economies are characterized by profoundly changing labor markets, warranting a thorough understanding of the hysteresis effect. Transition economies underwent a deep transformation in the social, economic and political sphere. Integration into global value chains was accompanied by high levels of unemployment, often reaching double digits. Changing global human values has encouraged countries to participate in these new conditions and develop new relations between employers and employees. The labor market of former command economies underwent deep transformation. These structural changes in the labor market have motivated the study.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality. The paper estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality. The method proposes several innovations on Feldman and Slemrod's (2007) strategy to estimate evasion by income source. The paper estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality. The method proposes several innovations on Feldman and Slemrod (2007) strategy to estimate evasion by income source. This paper makes a novel contribution by introducing another case study and method, which might be applied to further contexts with limited data. It estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins of new operations in the banking industry in the context of a restructuring process. This study uses a Bayesian approach to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins of new operations in the banking industry in the context of restructuring. The results show that banks' net interest margins of new operations are negatively affected by the banking market structure, the degree of risk aversion of the bank, the average size of banks' transactions and the volatility of the interest rate. In addition, the authors find that the capital requirement and the deposit insurance premium have a positive effect on banks' margins. The results also show that the banks' profitability is positively affected by banks' market power and by the level of competition. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins in the banking industry in the context of a restructuring process in Europe.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between wealth and consumption inequality in Spain during the period 2002-2014 using micro-data from the Encuesta Financiera de las Familias. The authors use the micro-data from the Encuesta Financiera de las Familias (Survey of Household Finances) for the period 2002-2014 to estimate the wealth and consumption distribution. The authors perform an interquantile analysis to determine the extent of the differences (if any) in the estimated coefficients. The findings suggest that there was an increase in wealth inequality (both gross and net) during the period 2002-2014 and, at the same time, a reduction in consumption inequality. While households at the top of the distribution account for an increasing share of total wealth, the distribution of consumption is less and less unequal. Nevertheless, on closer examination, it is possible to observe that, although the Gini index indicates that consumption is distributed less andLess unequally, this is because of the relative rapprochement of the middle class and the top 10%, while the lower classes consume less and more in both absolute and relative terms. To the authors' best knowledge, there is only one major study that attempts to explore the wealth effect for the Spanish economy using micro-data (Bover, 2005). Considering the time elapsed since the publication of this study and the vast amount of new data available nowadays, it seems appropriate to obtain new estimates to yield results on this matter for a longer and particularly turbulent period of time.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the impact of the current economic crisis on illegal drug consumption in Spain. The economic crisis experienced in most European countries since 2007 has impacted the factors that secure mental health, reducing public service budgets and affecting education and health care systems. The analysis is based on data from the Spanish Household Crime Survey, a household victimisation survey representative of the adult population of England and Wales. The authors use a multinomial logit model to estimate the effect of the economic crisis on the probability of using illegal drugs. The authors find evidence to suggest that drug use, particularly the use of hard drugs (opiates, cocaine and crack cocaine), is associated with an increased risk of unemployment, regardless of age or gender. The authors also find evidence that the economic crisis has a negative impact on drug consumption in Spain. This paper contributes to the literature by analysing the impact of the economic crisis on illegal drug consumption in Spain. It is the first to analyse the relationship between unemployment and illegal drug use in the Spanish context.
The purpose of this paper is to reconcile the international trade and the international business literature into one empirical work, to deepen into the determinants of exporting and foreign direct investment (FDI). Using a rich data set for a sample of Spanish manufacturing firms, the survey on firms' strategies (EESE), the authors have used an index of management quality, which will serve as a proxy for the good management practices in the firm. Then, the authors will include this variable in the international trade analysis with firm heterogeneity, to compare the relevance of management and productivity in the behaviour of firms in international markets. The results show that management quality has a direct impact on the probability of exporting and foreign direct investment (FDI) across firms. In addition, the authors find that firms differ more in terms of management and productivity than they do on productivity. The authors also find that productivity is a determinant of the probability to export and FDI. This is one of the first papers that integrate the international trade literature and the international business literature into one empirical work, to deepen into the determinants of exporting and FDI.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the situation of non-poor households that have never crossed the poverty line and, in general, do not have access to any type of assistance, subsidy or benefit within the framework of the public social protection system, but have experienced economic stress (ES). Using the Living Conditions Survey, the probability of a non-poor household suffering economic stress (ES) during the Great Recession during the period 2008-2016 is estimated by means of a logit model. The results reveal that the increase in employment does not seem to have reduced the emergence of economic stress in non-poor households during the Great Recession. In fact, the most alarming results of the estimates are that the probability of experiencing economic stress has increased in the period 2008-2016. The contribution of this paper is that it focusses on those households that have never crossed the poverty line and, in general, do not have access to any type of assistance, subsidy or benefit within the framework of the public social protection system, but have experienced the emergence of certain economic stress (ES). That is, the households (not in poverty) whose economic comfort has been reduced taking into account their previous living standards.
The purpose of this paper is to study how the gender diversity in the boards of directors of the Spanish stock-listed companies has evolved after the introduction of a "soft" quota policy with no sanctions or with simple recommendations. The authors have manually and through automatic procedures gathered information of all the members of the boards of directors of the stock-listed companies in Spain in the timeframe between 2013 and 2017. The authors also explore useful information that companies must complete in their annual reports, they must justify the measures that they have undertaken to improve diversity in their boards. With a text treatment analysis, the authors could quantify the extent to which such responses are similar to the ones presented by the same company in the previous year (percentage of "self-plagiarism") or to the one presented by other companies in the same year (plagarism). The idea is to use quantitative measures obtained through the techniques of text treatment as a sign of interest that companies show a very high percentage of "plagagism" and "self" and precisely those companies with a higher percentage of gender diversity. The authors find a very high percentage of "plagiarism" and "self-pliarism," and precisely those companies with a "soft" board gender quotas policy show a higher percentage of women presence in the boards of directors than the ones with a mandatory quota policy. In addition, the authors find that the companies that have adopted a soft quota policy have been able to increase the number of women in the board of directors by more than 50 per cent. This paper represents the first analysis of the impact of a non-mandatory quota policy. It also contributes to the literature on gender diversity in the board of directors of companies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the predictive capacity of artificial neural networks (ANNs) for predicting financial distress in the Spanish banking system. The authors analyze the financial problems of Spanish banks and analyze their present and future financial problems. The authors applied the artificial neural network (ANN) method to predict financial distress in the Spanish banking system. The authors performed a multivariate discriminant analysis using the logit model, which is a multi-criteria decision-making technique, and then applied the ANN model to predict the financial distress of the financial institutions. The results obtained show that the proposed model is able to predict the financial distress of the Spanish banking institutions with a significantly higher accuracy than the traditional methods. The results also indicate that the model is capable of predicting financial distress up to three years in advance of the actual financial failure. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses artificial neural networks for the prediction of financial distress in the Spanish banking system. This study is also one of the first to apply this method in the banking sector.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the efficiency of public employment services (PESs) offices. In particular, the authors wish to explore whether all labour offices have the same level of efficiency, taking into consideration that they operate under particular circumstances. This paper uses a matching frontiers approach to analyse the efficiency of the PESs offices in Spain. In particular, the authors use the data of the Spanish Labour Force Survey for the years 2008-2013. The authors use a two-stage least squares (2SLS) estimator to estimate the efficiency. The results show that the efficiency of the PESs offices is affected by the number of job counsellors registered at the labour office and by the size of the job centre. In particular, the authors find that there is a significant difference between the efficiency levels of the employment offices in the Basque Country and the rest of Spain. The authors also find that the level of efficiency is higher at the jobcentre level than at the office level. This is the first study that uses a matching frontiers approach to analyse the efficiency of the PESs offices in Spain.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the determinants of bank efficiency in the Latin American (LatAm) banking sector using a panel of banks from 19 countries. The authors use data envelopment analysis (DEA) to construct a non-parametric frontier for all banks in the sample, regardless of their home country. To properly apply the well-known SW econometric approach to the resulting efficiency scores, the authors first examine those variables that might violate the separability condition and apply conditional measures of efficiency accounting for those variables. To that end, the SW approach proposed by Simar and Wilson (2007) has been used in the second stage of the analysis. The results show that banks in the sample are generally efficient, with the exception of a few banks in Brazil, which are inefficient in terms of cost efficiency. The results also show that there are significant differences in the determinants of bank efficiency across countries and regions. Moreover, the authors find that the SW approach is able to explain the observed differences in bank efficiency. This paper contributes to the literature by introducing conditional measures of efficiency and the SW approach to analyse the LatAm banking sector. To that end, the separability condition proposed by SW has been considered to correctly select the factors used in the second stage of the analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the concept of the tax gap, highlighting not only the advantages, but also the limitations that its estimation implies, and propose a methodology to estimate the gap for the two main personal direct taxes that Spain levies on wealth. The authors estimate the tax gap for the Wealth Tax (WT) and for the Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) by using microdata corresponding to taxpayers in Catalonia for the year 2014. The tax gap is estimated as a share of the potential tax revenues, with a range: 37.95-49.6 per cent in WT and 41.26-44.01 per cent (38.44-44 per cent) in IGT. The estimated tax gap is 44.34 per cent (37.95-49.49 per cent) in the WT and 41.26-44.01 per cent in the Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT), with a range between 37.95 per cent and 44.26 per cent. This is the first attempt to estimate the tax gap for the two main personal direct taxes that Spain levies on wealth, managed by the regional tax administrations.
The purpose of this paper is to describe and apply a simple method to obtain estimations for the large majority of census variables, and for the full set of 8,116 municipalities included in the 2011 Census. The aim is to create a complete and consistent municipal database for a wide set of variables. This study describes and applies a simple method to obtain estimations for the large majority of census variables, and for the full set of 8,116 municipalities included in the 2011 Census. These estimations are consistent with the published census information. The frame of reference for obtaining variables at the municipal level is the census microdata which is the source of information for all the non-demographic population characteristics. The estimations generated are wholly consistent at the municipal level and at the level of the strata to which the municipalities in the microdata belong. The methods for creating the database are simple, although time-consuming, but have the advantage that they are compatible with the published census information, and allow the incorporation of external information derived from the INE's Customized Tables system which is essential to improve the accuracy of the estimations. This study describes the process followed to create a municipal database for a large set of variables based on the 2011 Census. This information is not available in a general form for all municipalities. The methods for creating the database are simple, although time-consuming, but have the advantage that they are compatible with the published census information and allow the incorporation of external information derived from the INE's Customized Tables system, which is essential to improve the accuracy of the estimations.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effect of agglomeration on the probability that a firm - given a location - chooses to be informal in the internal structure of a city. The analysis focuses on Cali, in the west of Colombia, where the informal sector employs 60 per cent of the workforce. Using the registration of economic activities as a criterion to identify formal and informal firms, the authors identify informal firms when they are not registered in the Chamber of Commerce, in such a way that the percentage of informal firms is 42 per cent. The authors deal with endogeneity issues by using soil information related to earthquake risk which reduces the height of buildings and therefore increases the cost of agglomeration. The authors find that the effect of agglomeration is strongly negative. The probability of being informal diminishes by 52 per cent when agglomership increases by one standard deviation. Formal firms tend to be localized in high-density commercial and industrial areas, while informal firms are localized in low-density and peripheral areas where the land for production is cheaper and they can avoid the control of authorities. This paper is the first to estimate the effect of agglomeration on the probability that a firm - given a location - chooses to be informal. The analysis focuses on Cali, in the west of Colombia, where the informal sector employs 60 per cent of the workforce.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a synthetic index that can analyze the most recent evolution of the competitiveness of the 17 Autonomous Communities of Spain over the period 2008-2016, so that the relative position of each of them can be analyzed for that period. The authors propose a novel indicator that relies on an objective aggregation criterion, the P-distance (PD2) method, to which the authors add an interesting methodological modification that enables the dynamic analysis of regional competitiveness, thereby allowing for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years. The period chosen, 2008-2016, similarly allows us to analyze the unequal effects on competitiveness of the different phases of an economic cycle and their impact on the absolute and relative standings of the Spanish ACs. The results obtained show that the RCSI is a useful tool for analyzing the evolution of the competitiveness of the 17 ACs over the period 2008-2016. The results obtained are consistent over time and allow for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years. The period chosen allows us to analyze the unequal effects of the different phases of an economic cycle and their impact on the absolute and relative standings of the Spanish ACs. The main contribution of this research is the methodological design for the construction of the RCSI and its application to the Spanish autonomous communities for the period 2008-2016. The authors propose a novel indicator that relies on an objective aggregation criterion, the P-distance method, to which the authors add an interesting methodological modification that enables the dynamic analysis of regional competitiveness, thereby allowing for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse social inequality in the employment dimension as a multi-attribute decision problem in every Spanish territory with autonomous government, that is, seventeen communities and two autonomous cities, during the crisis (2009-2014) by conducting factor analysis. Four factors related to precarious situations that account for employment exclusion have been extracted. This paper analyses social inequality in the employment dimension as a multi-attribute decision problem in every Spanish territory with autonomous government, that is, seventeen communities and two autonomous cities, during the crisis (2009-2014) by conducting factor analysis. Four factors related to precarious situations that account for employment exclusion have been extracted. This analysis aims at establishing a statistical criterion to classify autonomous communities and cities and obtain a final ranking. The results show that the risk of employment exclusion is higher in the case of regions with a higher level of income security, job security and income insecurity. The results also show that there is a spatial gap in terms of spatial and temporal evolution of the employment exclusion indicator, revealing the territorial gap and the factors accounting for such disparities. This paper contributes to the discussion on regional disparities regarding employment exclusion under an approach of multidimensional analysis, more commonly used in national comparative studies. The factors shaping the risk of employment exclusion are identified by a factor analysis conducted on a wide set of indicators taken from different sources of information. The first three are positive (the higher the factor value, the higher the risk), the higher is the risk.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of the subsidies introduced under Measure 123 on the productivity of agri-food and forestry firms in Asturias (Spain), where most of its 78 municipalities are considered rural. The authors use data on agri-food and forestry firms from Asturias (Spain), all recipients of subsidies through the Measure 123 for the period 2006-2009. The authors estimate a stochastic frontier function that allows the authors to examine the effect of subsidies on both technical efficiency and technical progress. Moreover, the authors analyze the impact of a set of managerial variables (such as online commerce, quality certificates, organic production and other variables) on firms' productivity. From the calculations made, the authors can conclude that the implementation of the Measure 123 in the Principality of Asturias has allowed investment projects to be undertaken which, in the last period considered in the analysis, would have a rate of return of 8 per cent and 32 per cent for agri-food and forestry firms, respectively. Therefore, the implementers of this measure can be considered successful. The results of the analysis also show the importance of quality certifications, electronic commerce and the manufacture of organic products in increasing the level of output that an efficient firm can produce. This paper contributes to the existing literature on the impact of subsidies on the productivity of agri-food and forestry firms by estimating a stochastic frontier function that allows us to examine the effect of these subsidies on both technical efficiency and technical progress. Moreover, the authors analyze a set of managerial variables (such as online commerce, quality certificates, organic production and other variables) on firms' productivity.
The purpose of this paper is to shed light on the relationship between corruption and international trade. To this end, the authors have made use of three different measures of corruption. Two of them belong to the so called perception-based indexes. The other is the perception of corruption index. To this end, the authors have made use of three different measures of corruption. Two of them belong to the so called perception-based indexes. The other is the so-called gravity index. The authors use the data from the World Bank database and the International Monetary Fund database. The results show that the relationship between corruption and international trade is inverted U. This implies that, for such countries, an increase of corruption from relatively low levels would increase trade while from relatively high levels would reduce it. Additionally, the authors find that the impact of corruption on international trade depends on the conditions under which it operates. This paper is the first to analyze the relationship between corruption and international trade using a comprehensive set of measures of corruption. It is also one of the first studies that analyze the impact of corruption on international trade with gravity.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between education and economic growth in Spain. It makes a contribution to the literature by analysing the existence of nonlinearities in this relationship. The direction of the causality that the authors account for is from education to economic growth. The authors use time series techniques to analyse the existence of nonlinearities in the relationship between education and economic growth in Spain for the period 1971-2013. The results show that there are nonlinearities in the relationship between education and economic growth. Specifically, the authors find that the relationship is inverted-U shaped, with a peak at 7.5 years of education. The authors also find that there is a nonlinear effect of education on economic growth only in the sub-sample of countries in the middle of the education distribution. This paper calls into question the linearity assumption by using time series techniques for Spain, an OECD country, and testing whether the results at country level hold for different regions.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effects of commodity shocks during the 2000s commodity boom in Latin America. Specifically, it investigates whether these disturbances were related to the poorer macroeconomic outcome observed in Argentina when compared to the other major economies in the region: i.e. its higher level of inflation and greater price and output volatilities. The results were obtained using a structural vector autoregressive (VAR) analysis where the selection of variables is conditional on the model by Lubik and Schorfheide (2007), which is a prototypical New Keynesian dynamic stochastic general equilibrium (DSGE) model of a small open-economy. This methodological approach has the advantage of letting the data speak for themselves, as the estimation is performed using a reduced-form model, while the economically relevant shock is supported by a widely accepted theory (the prototypical DSGE model). It is evidenced that, true as it was that leaning-against-the-wind was the norm during the boom, Argentinean interventions were much stronger than those of regional counterparts. Moreover, this more aggressive counter-cyclicality indeed favored activity, but only to the serious detriment of stability. This difference in magnitude in the policy adopted by Argentina can explain part of the country's poorer macroeconomic performance: i.e. its higher inflation and greater volatility. This paper contributes to the evaluation of the exchange rate regimes in their capacity to foster growth while not jeopardizing macroeconomic stability. At the time of the writing of this paper, no work had evaluated Argentinean underperformace to the manner in which its exchange rate policy was handled in comparison with the rest of the region during the boom.
The purpose of this paper is to study the effect of family socioeconomic status (SES) on the academic performance of students in the later stages of the educational process and in their early years in the labor market. The authors use a rich data set of administrative records for the test scores, individual backgrounds and adult earnings of a cohort of agents in Chile to estimate the effect of family socioeconomic status (SES) on outcomes over a period spanning the agents' upper secondary education and early years in the labor market. The empirical strategy relies on reduced-form regressions. The authors control for proxies for occupational choices and selection. In addition, the authors explore the effects of SES on outcomes within gender, within test score quintile and within individuals attending the same type of school. Using reduced-form regressions, the authors find that among agents with the same stock of human capital in their upper secondary education, those with the highest SES perform better on the college admission test and earn higher wages in their early years in the labor market. The authors also find evidence that the effect of family SES on the earnings gap between the highest- and lowest-SES agents is increasing during the period of analysis. Finally, the effects of SES persist within gender, within test score quintile and within individuals attending the same type of school. The authors deviate from the existing literature by studying whether the effect of family socioeco-eco-nomic background continues to influence outcomes during individuals' upper secondary education and early years in the labor market.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the importance of transformational leadership and quality, the existence of differences regarding these issues between groups of hotels and the association between the two variables. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was sent to the top managers of five-star hotels in Spain. The sample consisted of 1,000 questionnaires that were distributed to the managers of these hotels. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that leaders engage their employees in their future vision, express their values and beliefs to employees and inspire in them loyalty to the company. Transformational leadership impacts on quality management (EFQM enablers). That is, through idealized influence, inspirational motivation and intellectual stimulation, transformational leadership influences strategy, people management and process management. Through vision and values, communication and employee motivation and the promotion of creativity and continuous improvement, leaders can develop planning processes, improve relationships with employees and boost analysis and work process improvement. These characteristics related to communication, people relationships, creativity and solving problems, which are important for the improvement of enabler of EFQM, are critical for the leaders of hotels. The present research shows data that shed light toward a better knowledge of transformational leadership and quality management in five-star hotels. These hotels integrate the dimension "Idealized influence" in their activities, which refers to the charismatic actions of leaders that focus on values, beliefs and the sense of mission (Lee et al., 2011). Leaders are admired by their followers, as they are a role model for their values and ethical behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to identify regional tourism axes in Hormozgan Province, Iran, and to develop a regional tourism planning system based on these axes. In this study, the GIS-based TOPSIS model was used to identify the axes of regional tourism in Hormozgan Province, Iran. The axes were identified by using a structured questionnaire, which was distributed to the tourism planning bodies of the province. The data collected from the questionnaire were analyzed using GIS techniques, and then the axes were mapped using the TOPS IS model. The results of the GIS-based TOPSIS model were used to identify the axes of regional tourism in Hormozgan Province, Iran. The axes were divided into four clusters, namely, coastal, inland, inland sea and coastal areas. The results showed that the coastal areas were the most important axes, followed by inland areas and inland areas, while the inland areas are the least important. This study is one of the first attempts to identify regional tourism axes in Hormozgan Province, Iran, using GIS and TOPSIS model.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the experiences of community-based tourism (CBT) in Romania and to identify the chances and challenges faced by the local communities in their participation in tourism development projects. This study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with experts from the tourism industry, local communities, local authorities and experts in the field of CBT. In addition, the data were analyzed by means of a thematic analysis. The results show that the majority of the respondents are aware of the importance of CBT in the development of tourism in their communities, but they are also aware of its challenges. The most important challenges are the lack of participation of the local community in the decision-making process and the limited participation of tourists in the tourism development process. In addition, there is a lack of awareness of the benefits of tourism development projects in the local communities and the impact they have had on the local environment. This study is one of the first attempts to explore the experiences of CBT projects in Romania. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other tourist destinations that are interested in implementing CBT in their tourism development.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to a deeper understanding of some of the possible reasons of residents' attitudes towards tourism in a medium/small city located in the north-east of Spain. The research was conducted in the city of Girona, which is a small city located in the north-east of Spain. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the residents of the city. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results show that residents' attitudes towards tourism in the city of Girona are mostly positive, as they perceive that they will gain something from tourism. However, they also perceive that there are some negative aspects of tourism, such as the possibility of conflicts between residents and tourists. The findings also show that there is a strong relationship between the socio-cultural aspect of tourism and residents' perceptions. This paper contributes to a deeper understanding of some of the possible reasons of residents' attitudes in a medium/small city towards tourism, which is relevant for both the well-being of local communities and for the development of tourism in a sustainable manner.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a recommendation model for a new unsampled tourist that visits Rocha Department in Uruguay during the summer months based on machine learning methods. The authors use three supervised machine learning classifiers, namely, logistic regression (LR), random forest (LR) and random forest classifier, to perform a segmentation of visitors that travel to Rocha Department during the summer months of 2013-2014. The authors also perform a clustering and classification approach. The results show that the proposed model is able to segment visitors to Rocha Department, Uruguay, based on the following characteristics: first, it provides a comprehensive characterization of tourists that visit the whole region; second, it can be used to segment domestic tourists; and third, it is useful for destination marketers to target and reach visitors more effectively and efficiently. To the best of the authors' knowledge, very few studies use machine learning techniques as part of tourism market segmentation. For instance, Dutta et al. (2017) segment and classify domestic tourists using a host of machine learning algorithms. However, segmentation of Latin American destinations is relatively rare. Yet, performing a destination segmentation is helpful for destination marketers to target and reach visitors more effectively and efficiently.
El transporte aereo de personas es uno de los contratos de transporte mas importantes actualmente al dar un gran impulso al turismo mundial. Es imprescindible dispensar una proteccion adecuada a los consumidores en estos contratos debido a la situacion de especial desequilibrio en la que se encuentran frente a las aerolineas, al carecer de poder de negociacion y al ser las alternativas escasas y los precios generalmente altos. Esto se puede lograr a traves de leyes tuitivas que protejan sus intereses economicos y mediante la prohibicion de clausulas abusivas en los contrato de transportE aereo. The author analiza brevemente una de las sentencias mas relevantes sobre clausulas abusivas en el contrato de transporte aereo de pasajeros, haciendo especial mencion a una of las clausula que mas debate suscito en diferentes tribunales: el cobro por la reemision de la tarjeta de embarque. Una clausula contractual se halle incardinada en un contrato de adhesion no la convierte en abusiva, sino que es necesario que por su contenario tenga un ambito en el que se encuentra un amiento especialmente en contra. Una de las sentencias mas recientes y que mayor numero de clausulas nulas declara declara la SAP de Madrid de 26 julio de 2017. The originalidad de this paper es que se refiere a un sentencias jurisprudencial sobre clausulas abusivas en contratos de transporte aereo aereo de personas.
The purpose of this paper is to explicate la obligacion de informar sobre la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos, que intermedien en las plataformas colaborativas. The paper explica que el Real Decreto 1065/2007, por el que se aprueba el Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestion e inspeccion tributaria, establece una obligacion de informacion especifica para las personas o entidades, en particular, las denominadas plataformas colaborativas, que intermedien en the cesion del uso de viviendas con fines turisticos. Esta obligacion de informar sobre la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos intermedien en las plataformas colaborativas, que intermediente en las que se presenta una periodice declativa de las cesions de usiendas. The originalidad de this article es que se refiere a una agenda Europea para la economia colaborativa para la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a stochastic model to comprehend many complexities of anonymous visitors' online booking behavior. The authors propose a framework to explore not only purchase conversion but also entire search and visit processes. The authors propose a stochastic model that integrates discrete choice theory with a Markov chain approach to capture conversion probabilities as well as search and revisit durations. To simultaneously capture customer decisions and intra-/inter-visit durations, the authors propose an integrated model. The authors demonstrate the theoretical model using clickstream data obtained from an airline booking website. Empirical studies based on airline booking clickstream data showed that low prices increase not only booking conversion rates but also overall site engagement. Moreover, positive search effects on site engagement are observed within a visit as well as across visits. Studies on inter-arrival times between searches provide an evidence for learning effects or time constraints on online shopping. Models support the hypothesis on two distinct revisit intentions - goal-oriented and experiential behavior. This study contributes to the literature by developing a stochastic model that integrates discrete choice theory with a Markov chain approach to capture conversion probabilities as well as intra-/inter-visit durations. The proposed model captures dynamic conversion behavior across search, revisit and booking decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to create a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research. This paper presents a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2018) and Figueroa-Domecq et al., (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research. This is supported by the evolution of this area of knowledge and by the growing interest in applying a gender approach in tourism. The originality of this paper lies in the development of a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the model developed by Mak et al. (2012b), to determine the factors involved in a traveler's food consumption choices while away from home, while improving the understanding of the role that food has on travelers' experiences. Data were collected from a sample of tourists visiting a tourist destination in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The findings of this study revealed the relationship between the factors influencing travelers' food decisions and their propensity to consume local foods at the tourist destination. Of the study's five main predicting factors, culture within the culture and religion variable, motivational factors, and food-related personality traits were consistently significant predictors of local food consumption. Within socio-demographic factors, specifically being of Hispanic ethnicity was found to be a significant factor attributing to a tendency for local foods. In addition, it was explored if and to what degree the factors impact each other within the group of predicting variables. In this case, by adding food- related personality traits on Block 3, culture ceased to be an important predictor. However, in Block 5, culture became a significant predictor again. The findings of the study contribute to the body of knowledge related to the theory introduced by Mak et al. (2012b) for a variety of reasons. The findings, primarily, identified and explained the main factors involved in the travelers' decision to consume local foods at a destination. Second, the study tested the proposed theoretical model to explain travelers' food-related behaviors at the destination. Third, the results can be used to theoretically compare to travelers' consumption of other local products or services. In conclusion, the findings have theoretical implications in terms of developing a framework for identifying the factors in travelers' decisions related to local consumption.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the trends of medical tourism in the United Kingdom over the period 2000-2016, using reliable data from the International Passenger Survey (IPS). The authors focus on medical tourists returning "home" to the UK for medical treatment, particularly those with cultural or familial ties to a country. The authors use the International Passenger Survey (IPS) data for the period 2000-2016 to explore trends in the medical tourism industry in the UK. The authors use this data to identify trends in medical tourism from the perspective of medical tourists from the UK and the UK diaspora. The authors find that medical tourists from the UK travel for medical treatment for a variety of reasons, including the need to access health-care services, the desire to be close to family and friends, to see family and/or friends and to experience the UK as a home country. The authors also find that the majority of medical tourists are returning "home" to their home country for treatment, with a substantial proportion of those who travel for treatment as part of a wider journey. In addition, there is evidence of a significant increase in the number of UK expatriates travelling for treatment. This is one of the first studies to use reliable data to explore the medical tourism industry in the UK. It is also the first study to use the International Passenger Survey data to examine the medical tourists who are returning "home" to the UK for treatment.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the decision-making process of medical tourists (MTs) from Nigeria who patronise hospitals in India and influencers of the purchase decision of these Nigerian MTs. The theory of planned behaviour (TPB) is applied to analyse outbound medical tourism from Nigeria to India. The interplay between the three major constructs in TPB is chosen to provide answers to the following research questions: Why do Nigerians go to India on medical tourism rather than stay back in Nigeria for their medical needs? What is the perception of (prospective) Nigerian MTs about the relative safety, quality and costs of medical services locally compared with what obtains in India? Can effective use of marketing communication tools by health-care facilities in Nigeria stem the tide of medical tourism by Nigerians to India? Nigerian MTs to India consider medical tourism as an enforced necessity rather than a desired first choice. They usually consult domestic hospitals for their medical conditions because of their belief system that their needs would be met locally. Unmet needs resulting from service failure lead them to medical tourism. Having noted that the contextual meaning of medical tourism was foreign medical treatment and vacation, for Nigerian MTs, medical tourism equates to foreign medicaltreatment and vacation only unlike nationals of Western countries. This study is one of the first to investigate the decision-making process of MTs from Nigeria who patronise hospitals in India and influencers of the purchase decision of these Nigerian MTs. The findings of this study will help health-care providers in Nigeria and other developing countries to understand the motivators and decision- making process of medical tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether there is empirical support for linkage between the efficiency of hotels and their foreign customers' demands. Since Thailand Tourism Authority recently recently implemented different marketing and infrastructure development policies between tourist and non-tourist destinations, the present study also aims to compare the role of hotel's efficiency toward hotel's ability to internationalize their business between tourist-and-non-destination destinations. First, within the sample analyzed, the efficiency of each hotel was calculated through the DEA method. The coefficient obtained was then used along with other exogenous variables and control variables in regression analyses against the hotel's foreign to total guest ratio. Potential selection bias due to the method of selecting the final sample from the original data available and the possibility of unobserved hotel foreign market participation was identified through the use of a Heckman selection model throughout the analysis. The results were analyzed by ANOVA based on the sample grouped according to DEA-assessed efficiency, which was also plotted as a non-parametric, Kernel Density distribution showing the distribution of the hotels according to their efficiency level. The results of the two-step Heckman correction model indicated that the nationwide sample was free from selection bias but sample selection bias was detected when the sample was divided into hotels in tourist and non-tourist destinations. The results of regression models consistently revealed a strong positive linkage between hotel efficiency and foreign demand from foreign guests, regardless of whether the hotels are located at tourist or non-destination destinations. This study is the first attempt to empirically examine the linkage between the efficiency of hotels and their foreign demand for accommodation in the hospitality industry in Thailand. The results of the study suggest a strong positive linkage between efficiency and demand from foreign guests, regardless of whether the hotels are located at tourist or non-tourist destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of the number (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables associated with population changes affecting a delimited space, such as the generation of "Urban Solid Waste". The paper uses a multivariate approach to estimate the number of people who make up the service user population of a small coastal municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of thenumber of people (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables statistically associated with population changes affecting a delimited space such as the generation of "Urban Solid Waste" (USW). The results obtained show that the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information is very close to the actual population of the municipality. In addition, it is possible to estimate in more detail its distribution over the year, since its seasonality patterns are very different from those relative to more conventional tourists. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first attempt to estimate the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of thenumber of people (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables associated with population changes affecting a delimited space.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of tourism on the generation of employment in Mexico. The general thesis is that tourist areas will generate a sufficient flow of visitors to drive economic growth at a regional, state and, therefore, national level. The authors use the Granger causality test to test the causal relationship between tourism and economic growth using annual data for the period 1980-2016. In addition, the authors apply the generalized method of moments (GMM) estimator to estimate the impact of tourism on economic growth. The results indicate that tourism has a positive and significant impact on economic growth. In particular, the growth in foreign currency income and direct and indirect employment are positively related to economic growth in Mexico. In addition, it is found that the growth of tourism has no significant effect on the generation of employment. This is the first study that uses the Granger causality test to test the causal relationship between tourism and economic growth in Mexico. It is also the first to use annual data to measure the impact of tourism on employment.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the efficiency of 15 European Union (EU) Member States hospitals while managing non-resident patients including medical tourists for the years 2010-2014. The DEA model was used to measure the efficiency of the 15 EU Member States hospitals while managing non-resident patients including medical tourists for the years 2010-2014. The data were collected from the European Health and Social Survey 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014, 2014/2015 and 2015/2016. The study presented that the efficiency of this market differs between EU Member States and the reasons are diverse and the efficiency scores are different for each country. The results of the DEA model show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency score of the hospitals in the 15 EU Member State countries in terms of the number of non-resident patients. The efficiency scores of the EU hospitals are significantly higher for the countries with a higher proportion of medical tourists. This study highlights the fact that cross-border health and medical tourism can be interrelated concepts regarding the freedom to move to get the most accessible or appropriate medical treatment to any EU Member State within the defined procedures for reimbursement. The introduction of DEA as a practical research tool for examining efficiency across EU-Member States seems to be an open path to evaluate and compare the health system performance from a cross- border/medical tourism perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a positioning strategy for a tourist destination, based on analysis of customers' perceptions and satisfactions. Specifically, this study uses a case study approach to measures customers' images of Kashmir regions tourism products and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction, to identify specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination's positioning strategy. This study uses a case study approach to measure customers' images of Kashmir regions tourism products and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction, to identify specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination's positioning strategy. This study uses the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction as the basis for formulating a destination's branding strategy. The findings of this study indicate that the destination's positioning strategy should be based on the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction. The findings of the study also reveal that there is a significant difference in the perception of tourists towards the tourism products of Kashmir region and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction. It is also found that there are specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination positioning strategy. This study is the first of its kind to use the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction as the basis for formulating a destination's positioning strategy for tourism industry in Kashmir region.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, by means of a case study of four dark tourism sites in Mexico City, whether a widely accepted conceptual framework developed by Stone and Sharpley (2008), which considers dark tourism consumption from a thanatological perspective, is applicable within this setting, or if distinct socio-cultural differences diminish its suitability. A qualitative case study of four dark tourism sites in Mexico City was conducted. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with key informants at each of the four sites. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data. The findings suggest that Stone and Sharpley's thanatological framework is not applicable in the context of dark tourism consumption in Mexico, as Mexican society is renowned for having a distinct relationship with death, which suggests that the framework might not be appropriate in this setting. This is the first study to empirically test Stone and Sharpley's (2008) thanatological framework in the context of dark tourism in Mexico, a country which is classified as "emerging", rather than Western, and whose inhabitants are renowned for a distinct relationship with death, evident, for example, in the writings of Octavio Paz (1950) and Juan Rulfo (1955), in Frida Kahlo's "Self-portrait on the Borderline between Mexico and the United States" (1932), and recently portrayed in the internationally successful Disney Pixar movie "Coco" (2017).
The purpose of this paper is to describe the particular relationship between the three modes of time (past, present and future), and how this relationship is visible in the historic centre of a consolidated tourist destination: El Puerto de Santa Maria, in the Bay of Cadiz, in Spain. The paper is based on a case study of El Puerto de Santa Maria, in the Bay of Cadiz, in Spain, which is a consolidated tourist destination. The data were collected by means of a series of semi-structured interviews with local politicians, local residents, local historians and local residents. The instrumental time of memory of the historical centre of El Puerto de Santa Maria is not only an object of memory, but it is also an instrument for the production of a meta-cultural product and, afterwards, a decontextualised and instrumental management of heritage. It is a process that produces a new chronotope that smashes the collective conscience because it fractures the expressive-symbolic continuity that links the past, present and future. This paper contributes to the understanding of the relationship between the three modes of time (past, present and future), and how this relationship is visible in the historic centre of a consolidated tourist destination: El Puerto de Santa Maria.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed in the city of Bahia De Cadiz (Spain). The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, the authors carried out a questionnaire survey of the unemployed of Bahia De Cadiz, in order to determine the level of transversal competences that are included in the training programs for unemployed. The second phase of the study was conducted by means of a questionnaire, which was sent to the unemployed people who participated in one of the programs for employment in Bahia de Cadiz. The data collected were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software. The results of this study show that the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed of Bahia De Cadiz has a positive impact on the number of unemployed people employed and on the improvement of their employability. In addition, the results show that there is a positive relationship between the participation in the programs and the level of the transversality of the unemployed, as well as a positive correlation between the number and the transverse competences. This is the first study that investigates the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed in the city of Bahia De Cadiz. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other cities and regions that are interested in the implementation of active employment policies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the customer-based brand equity (CBBE) index of Tourism Brand Kurukshetra in an emerging market. The study uses a sample of 150 tourists from Kurukshetra, Haryana (India). The data were collected through a structured questionnaire. The data are analyzed using factor analysis and factor percentage analysis. The results of the study indicate that the CBBE index of Tourism Brand Kurukshetra is positive and significant. It is found that the tourism destination is attractive for tourists. Brand loyalty, brand image and brand infrastructure are the most important dimensions of CBBE. The study also finds that brand loyalty and brand image have a positive impact on the attractiveness of the destination. The major contribution of the present research lies in the fact that the destination attractiveness of the Tourism Brand Kurukshetra brand has been conducted by two methods for the first time. Destination marketers and governments can take some guidance from the results of this study, as it provides useful insights about a popular destination brand in Haryana (India).
The purpose of this paper is to forecast the tourist's interest in learning about the olive oil production process. This study aims to know if olive oil could be acknowledged in different dimensions, so as to create an international tourist demand. A questionnaire was used to collect data from a sample of 1,000 olive oil consumers. The data were analysed by means of descriptive statistics and multidimensional analysis. The results of this study show how olive oil consumers are valuing several intangible aspects that are perceived as inherent. This even enables the assessment of the potential demand oleotourism may have according to gender, age and nationality. More than 60 per cent of respondents stated that they would be interested in travelling to areas with olive oil production and in learning about the role of this product in its environment. This study shows that, to reinforce this new niche in the tourist market, the development of strategies is needed for the creation of tourist products with singularities, attractions and improvements in the on-line distribution. This would increase the number of tourists in these rural areas and this would create more marketing possibilities for the products that produce them.
The purpose of this paper is to understand tourist perceptions about tourist destinations that have, in the past, suffered from incidents of terrorism. Similarly, it also aims to investigate what alternatives can help change tourist perceptions on such destinations. This study uses a qualitative approach using Fuzzy-VIKOR to understand the perceptions of tourists about tourist destinations that have been affected by terrorism. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with tourists from different tourist destinations in Pakistan. The interviews were recorded and transcribed and analyzed using the qualitative content analysis technique. The findings of this study show that tourists believe that physical security, positive social media coverage, international trade and cultural exchanges can help change their perception of a tourist destination that has been affected by terrorism. This study is the first of its kind to use Fuzzy-VIKOR to understand the perceptions of tourists about tourist destinations that have been affected by terrorism. The findings of this study will help the government of Pakistan to take measures to restore the image of a tourist destination.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the competitiveness of the destination against its two main competitors (the Dominican Republic and Costa Rica). The analysis shows the long-term variables that have an impact on the decision to purchase the destination in the markets analyzed. The analysis is based on an empirical study carried out in the USA, Canada and the Dominican Republic. The data were collected by means of an online survey and analyzed using the generalized least squares (GLS) method. The model was developed to analyze the determinants of the demand of tourism in Mexico. The results obtained from the model used show that in the long-term the relative price is a determining factor in the purchase decision of both markets analyzed (the USA and Canada). The elasticity of the demand to the price implies that the market is sensitive to the variations in the price of tourist services, opting for the destination that offers the best rates, with a greater sensitivity to price when compared to Costa Rica. This sensitivity coincides with previous studies carried out in other tourist destinations, such as Greece. The results obtained from the model used show that in the long-term the relative price is a determining factor in the purchase decision of both markets analyzed (the USA and Canada). The elasticity of the demand to the price implies that the market is sensitive to the variations in the price of tourist services, opting for the destination that offers the best rates, with a greater sensitivity when compared to Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic.
The current tourist demand is undergoing a great transformation, with experience becoming an essential part of the journey and clients feeling a greater need to experience a destination to optimize their trip. In this context, markets are being promoted as spaces that offer leisure experiences, expanding their traditional functions as food distributors. The present article helps illustrate this reality in the case of Madrid, where markets are becoming cultural resources, spaces that vindicate gastronomy and local lifestyle as tourist experiences, promoting their leisure offer on social media to reach a new experiential consumer. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the use of social media as a communication tool by the food markets of Madrid to interact with their clients. To achieve the purposes of this study, the qualitative information given by the promotional website of the Tourism Department of Madrid, the different traditional food markets websites and their respective social media were crucial to obtain data on different profiles and communication strategies. The analysis focuses on the way social media contribute in the positioning of tourist resources that offer experiences and, specifically, the position of the food markets of Madrid. The main contribution of this study comes from the analysis of food markets as experiential tourism resources and their interaction with social media as a communication tool with their clients. A tourist seeking experiences is a person that wants to escape, discover, enjoy and interact with local people and know their customs; therefore, markets can and should be part of this experience pursued by tourists. Besides, it is also essential to reach that new market niche and this analysis focuses on the way social media contribute in the positioning of tourist resources that offer experiences. The main contribution of this study comes from the analysis of food markets as experiential tourism resources and their interaction with social media as a communication tool with their clients. A tourist seeking experiences is a person that wants to escape, discover, enjoy and interact with local people and know their customs; therefore, markets can and should be part of this experience pursued by tourists. Besides, it is also essential to reach that new market niche.
The purpose of this paper is to establish the potential for ecotourism in a highly marginalised locality in the Municipality of Tlalpujahua, a Magic Town in the State of Michoacan, Mexico. The community of La Trampa was identified because of its tourist attractions, local organisation and empowerment, and interested local actors. A diverse methodology applied key elements to identify key elements suitable for localities suitable for ecotourism, characteristics of marginalisation and endowment of natural heritage. The case study relied on various methodologies to analyse 62 localities in the municipality and their potential, using the FAS model (factors, attractors, and support systems), and based on questionnaires, to determine the willingness of local populations to engage with ecot tourism. The community of La Trampa was identified because of its tourist attractions, local organisation and empowerment, and interested local actors. The results show that studying the characteristics of highly or highly marginalised localities may contribute to the expansion of benefits brought about by the Magic Towns Program. The diversity of natural resources, agricultural activity and low urbanisation suggests opportunities for alternative tourism projects such as ecotourism, whose mechanisms of natural heritage management are compatible with local forms of organisation. EcotourISM can both diversify the offer of attractions and distribute the benefits of tourism to neighbouring localities and foster sustainable perspectives. The results show that studying the characteristics of highly or highly marginalised localities may contribute to the expansion of benefits brought about by the Magic Towns Program. The diversity of natural resources, agricultural activity and low urbanisation suggests opportunities for alternative tourism projects such as ecotourism, whose mechanisms of natural heritage management are compatible with local forms of organisation. EcotourISM can both diversify the offer of attractions and distribute the benefits of tourism to neighbouring localities and foster sustainable perspectives.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of tourist flows among Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay, and between these countries and the rest of the world, discriminating the different countries of origin of tourists and the role of tourism inside and outside the region. Three models are proposed: a general model (bilateral flows between Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay and the rest of the world), an intra-bloc model (only tourists flows between countries of origin of tourists, countries which form what the authors define as a sub-regional bloc) and an extra- Bloc model. These models take into account the spatial distribution of tourists arrivals and departures within and between regions. The results show that there are other key variables besides the traditional gravity equation variables - habit persistence, distance and remoteness - which have a role in explaining tourism in the region. The habit persistence is a relevant determinant of tourism demand, revealing the importance of designing strategies to maintain the level of arrivals at their long-run trend. However, there are some differences in the relative importance of these variables according to whether the model considers the total flows of tourism, considering the spatial distribution of tourist arrivals and departures within and between regions. Finally, some of the results support the importance that Argentina and Brazil (the most populous countries of the bloc) as issuers and reception centers of tourism. The novel aspect of the paper is that it analyzes the different behaviors and characteristics of tourism demand when the country of origin of tourists belongs or not to the sub-regional bloc previously defined. While the traditional gravity equation variables affect significantly the total tourism demand, other relevant variables - habit persistence, distance and remoteness - are also considered.
The purpose of this paper is to explore on the nature of tourism as a rite of passage and to explain why modern terrorists target leisure-spots and tourism to perpetrate their attacks. This paper inscribes into the sociology of tourism the main genre but explores other subthemes as mobilities, the theory of non-places, terrorism and political violence. The epistemological structure of mobilities is discussed in the context of tourism, touring and consumption in the days of terrorism. The epistemology of tourism is discussed as a rite of passage, whose chief goals correspond with the revitalization of the frustrated ego. It is a great paradox that tourism would be selected as a target for jihadism but at the same time a naive activity for social scientists or at the least by the French Tradition. Despite the partisan criticism exerted on tourism as an alienatory force, this work showed two important aspects, which merits to be discussed. At a closer look, tourism should be understood as "a rite of passage" whose function associates to the revitalization of those glitches that happened during the cycles of production. Second, and most important, tourism accommodates those frustrations to prevent acts of separatism or the rise of extreme conflict among classes. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it explores the epistemological structure of mobilities, the theory of non-places, terrorism and political violence in the context of tourism and tourism as a rite of passage.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the strengths and weaknesses of applying strategies that regulate standards for accommodations in coastal tourism areas in the Canary Islands (Spain). The working hypothesis is that the degree of success of a public programme or policy must be assessed by examining the results of its implementation. For this reason, the authors used an explanatory case study methodology. An "inter-case" comparison has been chosen, because the object of analysis (public policy) has changed over time; furthermore, a content analysis approach was selected so that the subject of this research is the process of implementing this kind of tourism policy. The result is a systematization of the process in stages. The results of the analysis show that the application of standards has been successful in improving the quality of tourist accommodation establishments in the Canary Islands. However, there are some weaknesses, such as a lack of consistency in the implementation of the standards and the lack of a systematization of the process in stages of implementation. This paper is the first to analyze the effectiveness of applying standards for tourist accommodations in the Canary Islands (Spain). It is also one of the few studies that analyze the impact of applying these standards on the quality of tourist accommodations.
The purpose of this paper is to show what can be found together in the scientific literature on mobile technology and tourism. In this respect, the research presented here aims to show the provenance of academic research through a bibliometric study. A bibliometric study was carried out in order to investigate the relationship between mobile devices and tourism. In order to do so, a search was performed on the Web of Science, Google Scholar and Scopus databases, as well as on the ISI Web of Knowledge database. The results of the search were then analyzed by means of a bibliographic analysis. The results of the bibliometric study show that the majority of the articles in the scientific literature on mobile devices and tourism have been published in the last ten years. In addition, it is observed that there is a strong correlation between the use of mobile devices in the tourism industry and the number of articles published in academic journals. This paper presents a bibliometric study of the scientific literature on mobile devices and tourism, which has not been done before in this way. In this respect, the results of this study can be used as a basis for future research in this field.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the perceptions of teachers and students on the effectiveness of online courses over traditional classroom learning in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi District, India. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from both teachers and students. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 18.0 software. The second phase of the study was carried out by using a structured questionnaire to collect the data from students and teachers. The questionnaire was distributed to the students and the teachers of the colleges in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi Districts of Karnataka. Both students and teachers have optimistic views about online classes. However, there is always much room for improvement as far as online learning goes. The study also proved that e-learning has a more significant role to play in the future, but it cannot be a replacement to traditional face-to-face classroom learning. A complete transition to online learning is quite tricky. The study is one of the first of its kind in the state of Karnataka and Udupi District in India. The findings of the study will help in understanding the perceptions of teachers and students on the effectiveness of online courses over traditional classroom learning.
Quality has been a major importance for higher education, and the provision of quality higher education is a major challenge to address by open universities (OUs) and open and distance learning (ODL) institutions. This study attempts to better understand the implementation of quality assurance (QA) system in three Asian OUs, namely University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU), Philippines, Universitas Terbuka (UT), Indonesia and Allama Iqbal Open University, Pakistan. This study was conducted in three Asian OUs, namely, University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU), Philippines, Universitas Terbuka (UT), Indonesia and Allama Iqbal Open University, Pakistan. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews, focus group discussions and document analysis. The three Asian OUs have developed an internal mechanism for QA, involving internal assessment as well as external assessment by the agencies responsible for ensuring quality higher education in the respective countries. UT has gone further in external quality assessment through the ISO 9001, 21001 and ISO 27001 certifications, study program and institution accreditations by the BAN-PT and reviews by a panel of quality experts of the ICDE. The missions and goals of OUs are constantly aligned to satisfy the needs of students and stakeholders. QA has been acknowledged as a shared responsibility by all. Findings of this study are to present insights into exploring new ways of effectively implementing QA system in ODL. These findings would be helpful in identifying and charting the potential future action plans for continuous improvement in the individual OUs and their respective QA systems. The findings may also be of interest as reference by other open universities and ODL systems.
The purpose of this paper is to present the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (SWOT) analysis of Allama Iqbal Open University Islamabad (AIOU) in Pakistan. SWOT analysis is a study of an institution's internal strengths and weaknesses, its opportunities for improvement and the threats the external environment presents to its survival. The study aims to identify the weaknesses, strengths and opportunities of AIOU. The SWOT analysis of AIOU was conducted by using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed among the faculty members of the university. The data were analyzed using SPSS and AMOS software. The results of the SWOT analysis show that AIOU has strengths in teaching and research and weaknesses in administration and management. The weaknesses of AIOU are lack of funds for research work, poor management, lack of budget and lack of investment in research and development. The opportunities of the institution are in the areas of research and teaching. The threats of the university are in areas of lack of resources, poor leadership, lack-of-resources and lack- of resources. The strengths of the University are in its ability to provide quality education and research. This is the first SWOT analysis of AIOU in Pakistan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other institutions of higher education in Pakistan and other developing countries that are facing similar situation.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in Mississippi career and technical education (CTE) in the state of Mississippi. The Mississippi State University Research and Curriculum Unit (RCU) has been given the responsibility of creating, creating, and assessing curriculum for all CTE courses for nearly 40 years. As a contractor for the Mississippi Department of Education, the RCU has been responsible for creating, developing and administering the Mississippi Career Planning and Assessment System (MS-CPAS) online assessments to tens of thousands of students across the state. These assessments are delivered exclusively in an online format to millions of students annually. This study used a mixed-methods approach to examine the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in the Mississippi Career Planning and Assessment System (MS-CPAS) in the state of Mississippi. Data were collected from the Mississippi Department of Education, the Mississippi State University Research and Curriculum Unit (RCU) and a sample of CTE instructors. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, correlation and regression analysis. The results of this study showed that the online formative assessment scores were significantly higher than the summative test scores for all CTE courses in the state of Mississippi. The results also showed that there were significant differences between the two types of assessments in terms of student mastery on the formative and summative assessments. In addition, the results showed that students who took the online assessments in the first year of their CTE course had significantly higher scores on their formative assessments than their summative exams. This study is the first of its kind to examine the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in Mississippi CTE courses. The findings of this study will be of value to educators, administrators and researchers interested in the use of online formatives in the context of CTE.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, factors influencing self- efficacy and a framework for strengthening participants' self-efficiency with respect to their use of online education. In total, three main areas of research were identified for this review: (1) role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, (2) factors influencing self-efficiency in online learning and (3) a framework for strengthening participants' self- Efficiency in Online Education. A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the relevant literature. In total, three main areas of research were identified for this review: (1) role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, (2) factors influencing self-efficiency and (3) a framework for strengthening participants' self- efficacy in the online education context. This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context. The framework developed in this study can be used as a guide for researchers and practitioners to strengthen participants' self-esteem, self-confidence and self-motivation in the context of online education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of open and distance learning (ODL) on social work (MSW) learners of India. It also aims to explore the factors that influence the choice of ODL in social work programme. The study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the students of the open and distance learning programme of the University of Delhi, India. The sample size for the study was 1,000. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the students were asked to fill in the questionnaire on their experience of ODL in their MSW programme. The second phase involved the students in the second phase in the form of a self-administered questionnaire. The results of the study revealed that the majority of the respondents were satisfied with the quality of the ODL programme. The study also revealed that there was a significant difference in the perception of students towards ODL and traditional, face-to-face education. It was also found that there were significant differences in the perceptions of ODL learners in terms of their attitudes towards the quality and quantity of content, content content, learning environment and learning environment. The results also showed that the learners were more satisfied with ODL than traditional education. This study is one of the first of its kind in India to examine the impact of ODL on social work programme in India. The findings of this study will be of great value to both academicians and practitioners of social work.
Open and distance learning (ODL) has successfully occupied a well-recognized place in the educational landscape drawing increasing numbers of learners belonging to different backgrounds. Nonetheless, the ODL system has not been immune to the risks and challenges associated with lack of trust and accreditation leading to undesirable consequences. The purpose of this paper is to explore how blockchain can be used as a strategic resource to address the challenges faced by ODL institutions by harnessing its untapped potentials. The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with the experts of ODL institutions in India. The interviewees were selected through purposive sampling. The interviews were conducted in two phases, i.e. pre- and post-interview. The findings of the study suggest that blockchain is a strategic resource for ODL institutions to harness its potentials for creating and sustaining competitiveness in the ODL environment by harnessing the untapped potentials of its dynamic developments in view of future trends of ODL. It can utilize it for empowerment of learners and encourage the idea formulation for free society benefitting the learners and institutions through its adoption. This study is one of the first of its kind to explore the potentials of blockchain as a strategic resource for ODL. The findings of this study will help ODL institutions to understand how blockchain can be utilized as a resource to address the challenges of ODL system. It will also help them to formulate appropriate strategies to harness its untapped potentials for creating and sustaining competitiveness.
The purpose of this study is to explore conceivable and significant factors (variables, dimensions or attributes) as the origin of service quality toward graduates' self-confidence moderated by academic excellence. In detail, this study investigates: (1) What are factors underpinning academic excellence; (2) How academic excellence influenced self- confidence (EALO); (3) How are interrelations amongst all factors engaged and in what routines they interrelated with one another; and (4) How current details on service quality and academic excellence in Universitas Terbuka tradition are behold by graduates. This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from graduates of ODL programs at Universitas Terbuka Indonesia (UTI) in Indonesia. The sample size for this study consisted of 1,000 graduates of the ODL program of UTI. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results showed that academic excellence is positively reflected by graduate satisfaction. The results positively showed that graduate satisfaction is dependable to self-confidence. The study also revealed that the university has been in service for 35 years of experience. It has more than 1.8m graduates and is serving 300,000 students per semester. This study is an extension of the previous two related studies with comparable independent variables but modified dependent variables, including adjusted dimensions and/or the attributes in and of each variable. The dependent variable is referred to as the so-called students' self-confidence.
The purpose of this paper is to present the visions of PhD students about the application of learning analytics (LA) in mobile learning opportunities (m-learning) in distance education. This paper is based on a case study of mobile learning opportunities (m-learning) in open and distance learning. The data were collected from the PhD students of a university in Greece. The students were asked to describe their visions of the future of m-learning in the field of LA. The results of the study show that the students' visions of mobile learning analytics in distance education are very positive. They believe that mobile learning has the potential to change the current situation of both face-to-face and distance learning. Thus, m-learning especially in open and distance education may revolutionize the learning and teaching practices. This study is the first of its kind in the field of mobile learning analytics in distance education. The results of this study can be used as a basis for further research in the area of mobile and open and distance learning in order to improve the quality of learning and teaching practices.
This study analyzes open universities and compares National Open University (NOU) Taiwan and Universitas Terbuka (UT) in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners. This study analyzes open universities and compares National Open University (NOU) Taiwan and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners. The findings of this study indicate that NOU and UT have different approaches to address the needs of lifelong learning in their open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners. NOU has stated its vision, objectives and core competencies, and strategy to achieve the goal as an open university serving the need of Taiwan society for lifelong learning. UT has developed its vision to be a world-class open university and stated its major mission to make quality higher education open to all. This study analyzes open universities and compares NOU and UT in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the potential of ICT in disseminating higher education in tribal communities by ODL by using it as a strategy taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP) in India. The study is based on both exploratory and descriptive methods using a case study approach to assess the role of ICT in disseminating higher education in tribal communities by ODL by using it as a strategy taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP), India. The findings of the study reveal that the use of ICT in ODL for the dissemination of higher education in tribal communities by using it as a strategy is still at its nascent stage in MP, India. However, it is evident from the findings that ICT can play a major substantive role by extending its support to meet the increasing higher educational needs of the huge population through ODL system. It can be used effectively to overcome the issues of cost, scarcity of teachers, quality and barriers of time and distance. The paper attempts to make an assessment of the challenges in disseminating higher education to them and problems solving capacity of ODL by strategically making use of ICT taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP) which is the most tribal dominated state of India, focusing on assess the role of the ICT in higher education in tribal areas, by throwing light on different ICT tools used in recent times for the delivery of instructional content and student support services by IGNOU, a leader in Indian ODL higher education landscape.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the persistence intentions of online students studying in various online courses using theory of planned behavior. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS). The findings of the study reveal that theory of planned behavior can successfully measure and predict the persistence intentions of students enrolled in various online courses. The study also confirms that factors associated with students' academic and social integration failed to predict their intentions to quit. The study makes several important contributions to the literature. First, the study empirically investigates the factors that influence online students' persistence intentions using theory of planned behavior in the context of online education in Pakistan. Second, the findings of the study are in line with Dewberry and Jackson's (2018) findings. Third, this study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the factors associated with students' intentions to persist with their online courses and programs using the theory ofplanned behavior.
The purpose of this study is to compare the knowledge and use of Bloom's digital taxonomy (BDT) by teachers and students in online and distance learning (ODL) and conventional universities. The data were collected from the teachers and students of ODL and conventional universities. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0 software. The students' and teachers' knowledge and use of the Bloom's digital taxonomy were compared. The results revealed that the students and teachers of ODL are proficient in advance searching, using e-tools for collaboration and data processing on computers in online mode. However, teachers in ODL were using digital verbs and tools related to lower-order thinking levels. Therefore, they must reflect upon the importance and strategies to use higher- order thinking skill for ODL learners. This study is the first of its kind to compare the knowledge and use of Bloom's digital taxonomy by teachers and students in online and distance learning (ODL) and conventional universities in Greece.
The present study was an attempt to evaluate the use of the Internet and changing communication patterns because of social media among university students. As in today's world of information technology, university students spend most of their time on the Internet, it has become simpler to gather information about any individual or topic. Social media has created a new social order in Pakistani society; it has strengthened the online friendship but weakened the inter-personal relations. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the university students of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. The results of the study showed that the most preferred social media content was Facebook, followed by Twitter, WhatsApp and Skype. The results also showed that students preferred to use social media for information seeking, entertainment, entertainment and social interaction purposes. The study also revealed that the students' online friendship patterns were significantly influenced by the frequency of social media usage and the number of friends they had. The present study was an attempt to evaluate the use of the Internet and changing communication patterns because of social media among university students. As in today's world of information technology, university students spend most of their time on the Internet, it has become simpler to gather information about any individual or topic. Social media has changed the foundation of how university students communicate.
This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various massive open online courses (MOOCs) platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored. The purpose of this paper is to explore and assess the contributions of developed countries towards MOOCs. This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various MOOC platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored. This study is based on a content analysis of the MOOCs offered by CourserA. The results of the study indicate that the top six countries (USA, UK, France, Germany, India, China, Japan, Germany and the USA) are the most contributing countries towards MOOCs. The study also reveals that the USA, Germany (the largest economy), India (the second largest economy) and the UK (the third largest economy in the world) have the highest contribution in the MOOC domain. This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various MOOC platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored.
The purpose of this paper is to review the current trends of research in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India and identify the gaps in the existing literature. This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature published in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India during 1970s and 1980s, 1990s and 1990s. The selected journals were selected on the basis of a systematic search in the ISI Web of Science database. The findings of the study reveal that the research in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India has been growing at a rapid pace in the recent past. The study reveals that the number of articles published in the journals has increased significantly in the last two decades. It also reveals that there is a growing trend of research on ODE from the perspective of research by faculty members working at OUs and DDEs. This is the first of its kind review of the research published in the field of open and distance education in India. The findings of the study will be useful for researchers, policy makers, researchers, educators and practitioners to understand the current trends of research in the area of ODE in India, and can also be used for the development of future research in this area.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the plausible and pertinent determinants (variables, dimensions and/or attributes) as the origins of service quality toward students' accomplishments (performance, loyalty and future career) moderated by satisfaction. In a more detail perspective, this study explores: What are the variables/dimensions/attributes underpinning satisfaction; How satisfaction affects academic performance, students' loyalty and their future career; How are interrelations amongst determinants engaged and in what routines they interconnected; how are the existing facts on service quality and satisfaction associated with accomplishment in Universitas Terbuka tradition experienced by graduates from the Makassar Regional Office. This study was conducted under the IPA-CSI methodology. The sample consisted of graduates from the Makassar Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka, Indonesia. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire. The respondents were graduates and the dependent variables were students' performance, future career and loyalty. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results showed that service quality and satisfaction are positively related to students' accomplishment in terms of academic performance, loyalty and future career. Moreover, satisfaction was found to moderate the relationship of service quality with persistence, academic performance and loyalty. This study is one of the first to investigate the moderating role of satisfaction on the relationship between service quality and students' accomplishment in ODL perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate student support in open and distance education, including aspects related to instructional design and development, student engagement and motivation, university policy and strategy to reduce dropouts, use of Open Educational Resources (OER/MOOCs) and quality assurance. Two institutions were investigated in this study, namely the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia, both of which are legacies of the 1980s during which open universities were established in many countries to respond to the needs for higher education worldwide. This study was made possible by the AAOU Inter-University Staff Exchange Fellowship 2019 offered by OUSL. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with faculty members from both institutions. The findings of this study revealed that the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka Indonesia (UT) have been in the continuous process into transformation to become modern open universities using new technology in teaching and learning and management of their services. These developments of two open universities into their current state are worth being investigated. This study was made possible by the AAOU Inter-University Staff Exchange Fellowship 2019 offered by OUSL. This study contributes to the literature on student support in open and distance education by providing an in-depth analysis of the current state of student support services in the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia.
- The purpose of this paper is to analyze and identify the antecedent factors that contribute to the academic achievement and student retention of the students of a public university in Indonesia. The research method used in this study is quantitative research, which is based on a questionnaire survey. The sample used in the study is the students of the Faculty of Business Administration at the University of Indonesia (Universitas Tangerang (UNI), which is a public university in South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The population of this study consists of 1,000 students. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire, which was distributed to the students in the faculties of UNI. The respondents were asked to fill out the questionnaire, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. The results of the study show that the relationship between academic achievement and student retention is positive and significant. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between the academic achievement of the students and the retention rate. - This study is the first of its kind to analyze the relationship between the antecedent factors in academic achievement and student retention in the context of higher education in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of blended learning on the achievement of students to learn chemistry by satisfying their psychological needs (autonomy, competence and relatedness) through the blended learning approach. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a random sample of 400 O-levels chemistry students in the metropolis city of Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to analyze the data. The findings of this study revealed that the blended learning approach is a source of satisfaction of students' psychological needs (autonomy, competence and relatedness) through the use of technology-based learning. It was also found that blended learning positively influences the engagement and competency of students. It has been suggested that adoption of the technology will not only make abstracts concepts easy to understand and visualize but also open a gateway for teachers to make complex concepts uncomplicated to explain and elaborate. The significance of this study is focused on the adoption of technology-based learning as a limited practice of e-learning has observed in the field of teaching secondary level chemistry in Pakistan, especially in secondary level of studies, where the researcher has adopted a blended learning approach to motivate and produce self-determined and satisfied students in secondary schools.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the accessibility and challenges of the use of technology in teaching and learning the law in the context of open and distance learning (ODL) in the Open University of Sri Lanka. - The study adopted a case study approach. The selected group of students and teachers from the Department of Law (DLS) of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) were used for case studies. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus groups. - The findings indicate that the majority of students have access to technology through mobile phones and are aware of blended learning. Even though they prefer to integrate blended learning with learning law, they do not prefer entirely learning online. It is also acknowledged that the internal staff has knowledge and access to the use of technology in teaching law while external staff face challenges. The findings of this study reveal that the LL.B Degree programme can be delivered efficiently using blended learning including the platforms preferred by the students such as social media and mobile applications. - This study is the first of its kind to examine the usage of technology in teaching and learning law in the context of ODL in Sri Lanka. The findings of this study provide insightful guidelines not only to OUSL but also to other institutions offering similar disciplines through ODL to understand future integration of technology with the LL.B Degree Programme.
The purpose of this paper is to study the adoption and utilization of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) in India for providing lifelong and sustainable learning opportunities for the learners in the context of higher education. The study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the students of various universities in India and the responses were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software. The findings of the study reveal that the majority of the respondents are not able to avail the opportunity to enroll themselves in the MOOCs due to the lack of awareness and awareness among the learners about the benefits of online delivery of educational contents. Moreover, the study also reveals that there is a significant difference in the adoption and utilization of online education delivery in both the developed and developing countries on the basis of utility and success rate. This study is one of the first of its kind in the Indian context, as it is the first attempt to study the adoption and utilization of MOOCs in the context of higher education in India.
The purpose of this exploratory study is to investigate whether the creative collaborative group project is a feasible, effective and acceptable learning activity for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a higher education institution through distance learning. It intends to achieve this through the qualitative phenomenological approach. A qualitative phenomenological approach was used to understand the experience of graduate students participating in a creative collaborative group project in a master's level course of a fully online distance education (DE) course offered by the University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU) through distance learning. The findings of this study revealed that the creative collaborative group project is a feasible, effective and acceptable learning activity for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a HEI through distance learning. It was found that the students found it to be an effective way to exercise their creative capacity. This study is one of the first to explore the use of the creative collaborative group project as a pedagogical strategy for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a HEI through online distance learning.
This paper aims to describe the learning experiences of a select group of participants in Katipuneros RPG as a medium for learning Philippine history. By studying the experiences and insights gained by the participants and by describing the facilitating factors behind these, this study attempts to address existing gaps in current pedagogical practices and provides useful insights for educators in designing interactive and engaging learning environments. This study adopted a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the participants in the game. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings of this study revealed that the participants in this immersive and gamified play were able to gain a better understanding of the historical events of the Philippine Revolution. They also gained insights into the processes and skills of the Katipunan, the secret revolutionary movement that led the struggle against Spain in 1896. The study also found that the learning experiences of the participants were facilitated by the use of game elements and the immersive environment. This study is the first to explore the use of gamification in an immersive and gamified play on the Philippine Revolution of 1896. It provides useful insights for educators in designing interactive and engaging learning environments. It is also the first study that explores the learning experiences of a select group of participants in Katipuneros RPG as a medium for learning Philippine history.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the issues and challenges of research supervision in distance learning (DL) programs. - Primary data have been collected from the teachers who are supervising research theses or projects in DL. Semi-structured interviews have been used for data collection with informed consent. Grounded theory has been used as qualitative technique for exploring the issues and challenges in research supervision. - It was found that time constraints, irregular contact, technological issues, legal issues and official restrictions are the issues in DL that create communication barriers between students and supervisors. Whereas student-supervisor interaction, student diversity, virtual communities, students perceptions toward DL and academic collaboration are the main challenges in the DL supervision. - Findings of this paper will help institutions, particularly in Asia, to strategically review their research programs to make these programs more effective.
The purpose of this paper is to report and assess the development of learning support environments for e-learning programs and online tutoring as learning support for academic writing. A survey was conducted to collect data from Japanese universities' writing centers to assess the design and development of e-learning and online tutoring for academic writing support. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis. The findings show that e-learning and online tutoring systems in Japanese writing centers are different from writing centers in the USA. In addition, e-learners are more likely to use the online writing tutoring system than face-to-face tutors, and e- tutoring is used more often than online tutors. However, the number of tutoring sessions is insufficient to nurture undergraduates' writing skills. This study is the first study to investigate the design of e-learning and online tutoring as learning support for academic writing in Japan. The findings of this study can be used to improve the tutoring process and writing strategies for academicWriting support.
The purpose of this paper is to provide some way for teachers to roughly predict students' learning performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties. The paper aims to discuss these issues. In this paper, a machine learning model is developed to predict the students' learning performance based on the data collected from the online learning platform. The model is based on a set of learning behaviors generated by the learners' interaction with the operating platform during the learning process, and is mainly recorded and stored in real time by the learning platform database and other tools. Data normalization and eigenvalue discretization are used to improve the prediction accuracy of the model, so data preprocessing and prediction accuracy can be improved. First, days of access has the highest correlation with the course grade, followed by hits count, and connection time is much less relevant to students' learning performance, i.e. course grade. Student age and gender have the lowest correlation with course grade and the correlation between online time and student achievement is relatively low. Second, based on the above inferences, this paper provides some way for teachers to roughly predict students' performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties. This paper provides some way for teachers to roughly predict students' performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties. If the teacher finds that some students have much lower average number of days of access and hits count than the average number on the learning platform, he or she can pay appropriate attention to them and give them effective learning support to prevent them from failing the exam.
The purpose of this paper is to present the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes offered through the open and distance learning (ODL) system at Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective field work supervisee supervision to the students. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective supervision. The paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by the School of Social Work (SOSW) to provide effective field work supervisee supervision. The paper also discusses the methodologies employed by the SOSW to supervise the field work practice. The paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective fieldwork supervision to the students. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of fieldWork supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective fieldWork Supervisors. This paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective field work supervisors (FWS) for the learners. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of fieldwork supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective supervision.
The purpose of this paper is to design a course in STEAM education at distance via KidsProgram, hoping to provide some reference for other research on teaching of graphical programming tools. STEAM is short for science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics, which integrates different subjects in an interdisciplinary way. It is more and more urgent for students to master programming ability and improve information literacy. This paper describes the course design and teaching practice in STEAM education at distance via an interactive e-learning platform, KidsProgram, under the guidance ofSTEAM education. The course design is based on a case study approach. According to the interviews with students in and after class, students can actively discuss design with the classmates online, learn from each other and share their games with others after class. There are big differences in understanding level and practical ability between different students. Teachers need to constantly inspect students' situation in online discussion when students carry out interface design and logic design. The whole class is student oriented, with the teacher playing the role of a guider, source provider and server in distance, so that students can experience the complete process of problem solving and stimulate their innovation ability in the process of doing. This paper provides some reference for other research on teaching of graphical programming tools. The right choice of the teaching platform is only the beginning. How to carry out specific and effective teaching in programming class is still a problem worth exploring.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education in the context of Web 2.0. In this study, the authors explore how to develop a space that can fully support online teaching and learning activities for better experience in open education. This study adopted a qualitative research approach to develop a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education. In this study, the authors conducted a series of semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of open education, including teachers, students and researchers. The interviews were conducted in two stages. In the first stage, the experts were asked to provide their opinions and suggestions for the development of the framework. The second stage of the study was conducted in the context of a case study. The findings of this study revealed that the proposed framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education can be used as a starting-point for the design of online learning environment of open education in the context of Web 2.0. In addition, this study also found that the framework of OMO classroom can also be used to improve the teaching and learning experience in open education courses. This study is the first attempt to explore a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom in the context of open education. The findings of this study can be used as a starting point for further research on the design of OOMO classroom for open education in China. The proposed framework of OMO classroom can also be used by other researchers and practitioners to explore the design issues of O2O classroom in other contexts.
Accreditation of prior experiential learning (APEL) allows learners to leverage on their working experience to enrol into institutions of higher learning to pursue a formal qualification. The purpose of this paper is to look into the challenges faced by APEL-A assessors during the evaluation process as well as the assessors' recommendation for improving the process after experiencing it. APEL is divided into two categories, namely, APEL (admission) andAPEL-C (credits). The study adopted a qualitative research approach using semi-structured interviews with APEL-A assessors from Wawasan Open University (WOU) in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique. The study found that the APEL-A assessment methods are based on the adult learning theory, experiential learning theory and the Johari Window Concept. However, the assessors found that there are challenges and best practices that arise during the process of APEL assessment. The assessors' recommendations for improving the process are as follows. First, the assessment methods should be tailored to the needs of the candidate and the institution. Second, APEL assessors should be aware of the best practices of other higher education institutions (HEIs) that are implementing APEL. Third, the process should be streamlined to ensure that all stakeholders are involved in the process. Finally, the best best practices should be documented and documented in order that universities are aware of them for further and continuous improvement. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the challenges faced by APEL-A assessors during the evaluation process as well as the assessors' recommendations for improving the process after experiencing it. This study is also one of the first to look into the APEL assessment methods that are based on the adult learning theory and experiential learning theory.
The purpose of this paper is to review the research trends in recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. In recent years, the popularity of internet technology has made it easier for people to learn by use of a digital device or a web technology. In comparison with traditional instruction modes and learning approaches, the use of e- learning is more effective for learning purposes. Therefore, many researchers have expended much effort on the research of emerging educational technologies on e-Learning platforms through some theoretical models or frameworks. The authors conducted a systematic review of SSCI journal articles on recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. The authors identified the articles that fall within the scope of both "recommendation" and "e-learning" and included them in the systematic review. The articles were selected based on the following criteria: the articles were published in the period of 2014-2018. The results of the review show that there is a significant increase in the number of articles on recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. The most important research topics in recommender system research are the application of recommendation algorithms, the development of recommendation filtering techniques and the use of the learning style of learners in the recommendation process. In addition, there is also a significant decrease in the research on the application and development of the recommendation technology in an e-Learning system. This paper is the first systematic review of the research trends in recommender systems for e-learning published in SSCI journals from 2014 to 2018.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduate students in particular, and to identify their weaknesses to overcome. This study is based on the framework designed by the OU5 research team (2017) to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and on employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduate students in particular. A questionnaire survey was used to collect the data. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of employers in the university. The employers were asked to rate the five sets of skills that they consider important and satisfactory and to rate their overall employer satisfaction on the university's postgraduate graduates. The results for the overall employer satisfaction confirm that employers highly appreciate HOU's postgraduates in numeracy skills and ICT literary skills for foundation skills, collaboration skills and analytical skills for professional competencies, integrity, responsible, interpersonal skills for organizational skills, productivity, time management and organization and planning with technical knowledge and lifelong learning, capacity to use knowledge and skills in the workplace context and knowledge-related regulations and policies at workplace as the most important skills. The findings of this study help to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduated, in particular. Thus, suggestions are given to employers, learners and especially to managers at HOU to improve the services at the university in general and the services to postgraduate students in particular to upgrade their qualities and Skills to meet the social demands.
The purpose of this paper is to assess, by way of correlations and content analysis, the consistency with which quality is maintained in the orientation processes at the Midlands Regional Campus of the Zimbabwe Open University. The study also sought to investigate whether the orientation sessions were effective and helpful to the students and to suggest areas for improvement. The study adopted a quantitative approach using a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of students who attended the orientation sessions held at the ZOU Midlands Regional Campus. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, correlation analysis, and content analysis. The results showed that students were generally satisfied with the quality of orientation sessions held at the ZOU Midlands Regional Campus. This is highlighted by the majority of students who echoed positive sentiments; although there were few ones who echoed negative sentiments about orientation. The quantitative results also showed some positive correlations between orientation variables and positive ratings of the orientation preparations as well as actual orientation presentations. In some cases, negative correlations were recorded but they were rather small. Thus research questions of the study were answered and null hypotheses of lack of consistency in the sessions, lack of correlations between Orientation variables and lack of overall quality were rejected. This study is the first of its kind to be carried out on the quality of orientation in ODL in Zimbabwe. The findings of the study will be of value to ODL institutions which offer studies through ODL delivery mode.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the perception of students towards quality and effectiveness of social work education through open and distance learning (ODL) in Delhi. The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase of the study, a questionnaire was designed and administered to the students of social work programmes offered through ODL. The second phase of study was conducted using a structured questionnaire to collect data from the respondents. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 18.0. The results of the study revealed that the students' perception towards the quality and effectiveness of social work education through ODL is positive. The results also revealed that there is a significant difference in the perception of students from different socio-economic backgrounds towards the ODL programme. The study also found that there are significant differences in the perceptions of the students from the same socio-cultural background as well as from other social workers. This study is one of the first of its kind in India to examine the perception of students towards quality and effectiveness of social work education through ODL. The findings of this study will help in the design and development of effective strategies to improve the quality of ODL programmes.
The purpose of this paper is to present innovative assignment rubrics for open and distance learning (ODL) courses that can be used to make the teaching-learning process more effective and measure the learning outcomes. This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on assessment rubrics for ODL courses. It is a conceptual paper that discusses the design, implementation and impact of the innovative assignment rubrics. The innovative rubrics presented here can support both, in addition to improving common understanding, promoting consistent expectation of the learning outcome and minimizing various interpretations across the assignment stakeholders. As outcome-based assessment is now very popular among ODL institutions, it is aptly suitable to consider widespread of usage of rubrics as a one-stop assessment platform for guiding and grading. The innovative rubrics presented here can support both, in addition to improving common understanding, promoting consistent expectation of the learning outcome and minimizing various interpretations across the assignment stakeholders. As outcome-based assessment is now very popular among ODL institutions, it is aptly suitable to consider widespread of usage of rubrics as a one-stop assessment platform for guiding and grading. In future, the usage of these innovative Rubrics can be expanded beyond IT courses to other field of subjects, in order to support ODL institution in measuring achievement of course learning outcomes via formative assessment such as assignment writing.
The purpose of this paper is to establish the mediating role of students' engagement to their classes for the presumed direct relationship between the teachers' efforts and students' development. A random sample of students is taken from a couple of business and engineering students by distinguishing them into public- and privately-owned universities. A mediated regression analysis, using Baron and Kenny's (1986), Sobel's (1982), and Preacher and Hayes' (2004) approaches, is conducted to establish the mediation role of students' engagement for the presumed direct relationship between teachers' and system's effort and students' development. It has been established that their traditional direct relationship is due to a mediator which is students' engagement to their classes. This mediation is statistically significant. In other words, the teachers' efforts and performance generate an engagement experience for the student, and it is this experience which motivates students to excel and develop. It has been further established that the mediation is equally effective for both the genders. Further, this mediation is also identical for the two types of students. This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan, and it is also one of the few studies in the context of higher education in Pakistan. The findings of this study will be useful for the policy makers, teachers, and researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to apply design-based research in designing a mobile learning solution for the undergraduates of the Faculty of Health Sciences of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). It reports on the findings of the testing phase of the mobile solution. The design-based research framework used in this study embeds the evaluation and testing of the solution phase (Phase 3) within the development of the mobile application (Phase 2) as these two phases are interconnected and run concurrently. Owing to the iterative cycles of the design- based research, the findings of the testing phase were collected from five groups of stakeholders: content experts, educational technologists, developer, novice users and researchers before the delivery of the first cycle. The findings of the evaluation of the mobile application showed challenges with respect to development time, high production costs, technical and organizational issues, workload of academics and necessity of providing technical support both to remote students and faculty. It was felt that the design-based research build on the principles of stakeholder centredness was effective in developing mobile learning application. This was due to the fact that the researchers and the practitioners were actively involved throughout the whole process and supported each other to produce an effective mobile application. The findings of this study may not have a universal value; however, these findings may throw some light on some of the pedagogical, technological, social, interaction and contextual attributes including cultural dimensions that have to be considered when designing mobile applications. It also provides guiding principles for designing mobile learning solutions and for conducting design-based research for future technological innovations.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study on the United Kingdom Open University (UKOU), a representative Open and Distance Education (ODE) institution in the UK. This paper describes how the introduction of new technologies have affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed. This paper is based on a case study of the UK Open University (UKOU), which is a representative ODE institution in the UK. Through a qualitative approach, this paper describes how the introduction of new technologies have affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed. The introduction of new technologies has affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed. It is argued that introducing more online tutorials and diminishing face-to-face tutorials is likely to be effective in terms of realizing the Open and Distance Education rationale behind. This paper contributes to the debate on the sustainability of open and distance education by providing a case study on the UK Open University, which is a representative ODE institution and is representative of those universities all over the world.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teaching innovations in Asian higher education from the perspectives of educators in relevant tertiary institutions. It identifies the teaching innovations that have been implemented in higher education institutions in Asia and examines the relationships between the innovation practices and the characteristics of the institutions. This study adopted a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with educators in Asian higher education institutions. The data were analysed using the grounded theory approach. This study identified two major ways to innovative teaching as reported by educators in Asia, in terms of whether or not technologies are involved. The technology-oriented approaches were applied and regarded as important in areas such as assisting students' learning and increasing the teacher-student interaction. The importance of the non-technology-oriented innovations lay in, for example, enhancing students' independent learning ability, creativity and self-reflection, with features such as cross-disciplinary collaboration, creativity, active learning and the facilitation of teaching. The innovations addressed both students' academic and non-academic aspects and teachers' work. The educators also recommended improvements for the innovations, such as catering for students' diverse needs and evaluation by different stakeholders. This study identified two major ways to innovative teaching as reported by educators in Asia, in terms of whether or not technologies are involved. The technology-oriented approaches were applied and regarded as important in areas such as assisting students' learning and increasing the teacher-student interaction. The non-technology-oriented innovations lay in, for example, enhancing students' independent learning ability, creativity and self-reflection, with features such as cross-disciplinary collaboration, creativity, active learning and the facilitation of teaching. The innovations addressed both students' academic and non-academic aspects and teachers' work. The participating educators also recommended improvements for the innovations, such as catering for students' diverse needs and evaluation by different stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to report a study on student persistence in open and distance learning (ODL), focusing on the case of the Open University of Hong Kong (OUHK), an institution featuring the provision of flexible education modes with both full-time face-to-face (F2F) and part-time ODL study programmes. This study uses a mixed-methods approach. The authors conducted a questionnaire survey to collect data from the students of the Open University of Hong Kong (OUHK) in Hong Kong. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and multiple regression analysis. The results of the study revealed that the most important factors influencing student persistence in ODL are the quality of education delivery and student satisfaction. The most important barriers to student persistence are the lack of support from the institution and the lack and difficulty in accessing the institution's online resources. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in student persistence between full-time face-to-face and part-time F2F students. This study contributes to the literature on student persistence models, dropout factors, persistence strategies used by students and retention strategies employed by institutions. It also provides recommendations for DL institutions to improve student persistence in ODL.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of e-servicescapes on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality in the distance education (DE) context. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from the students of a distance education (DE) institute in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that e-servicescapes have a positive impact on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality. It was also found that LMS evaluation, instructor evaluation and student perception of LMS have a significant impact on LMS and student engagement. In addition, experience quality mediates the relationship between LMS, student engagement and student behaviour. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of e-servicescapes on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality in the context of distance education.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effectiveness of current human resource development (HRD) at Hanoi Open University (HOU) to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance the training quality and effectiveness to gain better performances. The research method used in this study is based on a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the HRD staff of Hanoi Open University (HOU) in order to assess the effectiveness of current HRD at HOU to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance training quality and effectiveness. Based on the findings of the study, some conclusions are drawn. First, HRD practices at Hanoi Open University are not strong enough in terms of providing employees' career opportunities, developing employees' capacities and utilizing employees' potentials. Second, the HRD climate referring to supporting employees and building team spirit activities at HOU is not efficient enough. Third, human resource development at Houston is not sufficient enough to enable the employees to develop their competences and achieve their personal best. Fourth, the university has not effectively utilized benefits from HRD in building staff-training policies and staff development programs to gain better performances. Fifth, technological infrastructure and manpower for online training at HOU still need improvement to fully actualize their thrusts. This study is the first of its kind to assess the effectiveness of current HRD at Hanoi Open University to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance the training quality and effectiveness to gain better performances.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how smart learning analytics (Smart LA) can be used to improve learning experiences. Smart learning analytics is a subclass of learning analytics that supports certain processes and characteristics of smart learning. The purpose of Smart LA is to discover and analyze data on student behavior, instruction merit and the suitability of learning environments, gathering information from various sources to discern learning traces that can facilitate instructional support. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on smart learning analytics (Smart LA) and its application in education. A total of 20 case studies were identified and reviewed. The review of the case studies revealed that Smart LA has the potential to improve student learning experiences. However, there is a lack of research on how Smart LA can be used to improve learning experiences, and how it can be applied in the context of smart learning. The review also highlights the need for further research on the use of Smart LA to understand how to design smart learning environments and how to apply existing technologies. This paper contributes to the literature by providing a comprehensive review of case studies on Smart LA and its application in the context of smart learning. The findings of this paper can be used by researchers and educators to design and implement smart learning technologies to improve learning experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to report on an increasing number of recent commentaries expressing concern about the performance and achievement of Open Universities some 50 years after the establishment of the new model for a university, and assesses the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals (SDGs). It also reports on a small investigation of attitudes to these issues from a roundtable of Open University Presidents, Rectors and Vice Chancellor who met in 2017 in Toronto, and identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions. The paper reports on a small investigation of attitudes to these issues from a roundtable of Open University Presidents, Rectors and Vice Chancellors who met in 2017 in Toronto, and identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions. The paper identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions. The paper also reports on an increasing number of recent commentaries expressing concern about the performance and achievement of Open Universities some 50 years after the establishment of the new model for a university, and assesses the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals. This is the first attempt to assess the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals (SDGs).
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how the Open and Distance Learning (ODL) institutions in India should play an important role in bringing up the required human resource development both by promoting the knowledge-based and skill-based education and by protecting them against all antisocial activities that would actually help in empowering and transforming the society. The paper is based on the review of the literature and the author's personal experience in the field of higher education in India. ODL can facilitate as well as strengthen the system of higher education in India to a significant extent. It is because ODL can easily provide quality education and global learning at the doorstep of the people at a cheaper cost. It also encourages people to share their knowledge and innovative thoughts by using various ICT tools in a wider context. This paper is an attempt to discuss how the ODL institutions in India should play an important role in bringing up the required human resource development both by promoting the knowledge-based and skill-based education and by protecting them against all antisocial activities that would actually help in empowering and transforming the society.
The purpose of this paper is to apply corpus linguistics in written electronic texts, particularly the "About Us" sections of Asian Association of Open Universities (AAOU) members' websites. This inquiry is important because it provides an insight as to how AAOU members describe and portray themselves in the World Wide Web, a platform which is highly utilized in the field of distance education. A three-part genre analysis of the "About Us" sections of the AAOU members' websites was conducted. First, a move analysis was conducted to identify the rhetorical moves used to achieve the communicative purpose of the sections. Second, a keyword analysis was done to identify overused and underused keywords. Finally, a concordance analysis was performed to reveal the contexts wherein words were used by AAOU member universities in order to make sense of social realities. The findings from the move analysis and keyword analysis show that the "About Us" sections of the AAOU members' websites generally serve as the universities' vehicles for promotion and distinction. However, the results of the concordance analysis show the contexts wherein words were used by the members of AAOU in order to make sense of social realities. The current study is an attempt to apply corpus linguistics in written electronic texts, particularly the "About Us" sections of AAOU members' websites. This inquiry is important because it will provide an insight as to howAAOU members describe and portray themselves in the World Wide Web, a platform which is highly utilized in the field of distance education. Moreover, as genre is deemed as a dynamic construct, the inquiry will provide the members of the AAOU with an overview of their common communicative purposes, overused or underused keywords, and their usage of these words which they may opt to work on in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to apply a scientific quality analysis tool to identify issues and to find solutions in a higher education institute. This will allow the administrator to identify the students facing difficulties and alert the related departments to take action. A case study approach was adopted. The data and processes were taken from the full-time learning mode of the university. The quality tools used in this study were the FMEA and process mapping tools. The process mapping and FMEA revealed that there is a lack of collaboration among the departments in the process of implementing the student retention supporting process. There is a need to standardise and institutionalise good practices to other areas of the university to improve the process. This paper is the first attempt to apply quality tools to improve the student retention supporting process in a higher education institute.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the response of database students to online cooperative learning in the form of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of courses. A survey was conducted to collect data from the database students. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA, and regression analysis. The results of the study showed that the use of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of online cooperative learning in the form of group reports has a positive effect on the satisfaction of the database students. The study also found that group reporting has a significant effect on students' satisfaction with the course content. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the impact of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of online cooperative learning. The findings of this study can be used by course designers and instructors to design and implement cooperative learning in online courses.
The purpose of this paper is to build a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology and resources. This paper constructs a platform element concept framework including teacher integration module, demand module, resource integration module and management module based on the existing theories of mobile learning, ubiquitous learning and open education. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework. First, the paper constructs a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources, and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology, and resources. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework. Second, the model integrates school, social and institutions, i.e. three types of teacher resources. It effectively solves the problems of insufficient teacher resources and excessive teaching pressure in the existing platforms. Third, it integrates the curriculum resources of school, personal and institutional courses from three sides and solves the shortcomings. Fourth, it provides a matching basis for the supply and demand of resources through theConstruction of personal learning needs database and reduces the asymmetry of information and improves the efficiency and effectiveness of lifelong career construction effectively. Fifth, it proposes to operate This paper constructs a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources, and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology and resources. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the notions and dimensions of quality in MOOCs. It is expected that ideas introduced here might underpin related stakeholders to critically thinking on quality in the frame of MOOC's. This paper adopts a qualitative research approach. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured in-depth interviews with the participants of MOOCs in the context of Universitas Terbuka (Indonesia). The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis technique. The conceptual and operational frameworks are based on Biggs' (1996) framework of notions and dimensions of quality in MOOCs. It is expected that the framework can be used as a starting point for researchers and practitioners to critically think on quality in the frame of MOOC. This is one of the first attempts to model the notions and dimensions of quality in the context of MOOCs. It is expected that ideas introduced here might underpin related stakeholders to critically thinking on quality. It also anticipated that it can emphasize areas of research that might be proposing new instruments and different ways of approaching and measuring the quality of MO OCs.
The purpose of this paper is to assess academic excellence, by pondering to the work of Moore and Kearsly (2015), through all potential related variables and dimensions as they were expected and experienced by the students of Universitas Terbuka registered in 2016 and especially for those domiciled overseas. It is also of interest to reveal crossing details between satisfaction along with persistence, loyalty and future careers in open distance learning (ODL) perspectives. The research has created both qualitative and quantitative frameworks of academic excellence and its dimensions in Universitas Terbuka milieu with respect to their links extended from a comprehensive analysis of educational perspective and student behavior. The framework was validated using SEM through assessing empirical data by assessing the survey survey of 184 respondents (Universitas terbuka registered students domiciled overseas). The study ascertains that academic excellence leads to persistence and loyalty and then followed by future careers. Additionally, academic excellence is affected by evaluation systems, referral systems, academic referral schemes, academic counseling, learning materials, and student orientation. This paper is the reinforcement of previous study on the relatively similar structure with quite different respondents and also with modified attributes primarily in the seven foremost variables as previously introduced by Sembiring (2016). The issues however are still tightly relatable to the students' persistence and attrition by pondering to Tinto (1997) and Bean (1983). Students' persistence, including loyalty (Kunanusorn and Puttawong, 2015), is an integral part of satisfaction as identified by Brown (2006). Satisfaction in academic excellence is also frequently attached to the service quality (Parasuraman et al., 1988; Arokiasamy and Abdullah, 2012).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of learning management system (LMS) of Wawasan Open University (WOU). A case study was conducted at Wawasan Open University (WOU) in Penang, Malaysia, to investigate the integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of the LMS. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of LMS users and a focus group discussion with the administrative support staff. The integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of the LMS has increased the visibility of the library in the e-learning platform. The library has been able to increase its visibility among the distance learners and academic faculties. The integration has also helped the library to increase the visibility in the university community. The integration of EBSCO Discovery Service widget into the learning spaces of the LMS is a novel approach that has not been attempted before. The integration of the library system into the e-learning platform is an important step to increase the visibility and the visibility of the university library.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the peripheral services offered by the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) to encourage students to complete their study programs within the time permitted with superior performance and facilitate them to climb up the academic ladder to become professionals with strong academic background in their respective fields. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted among the undergraduate students of the Open University of Sri Lanka's (OUSL) Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) degree. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0. The results of the study revealed that the peripheral services offered by the OUSL were found to be effective in increasing student involvement in the study program. The study also revealed that students are willing to pay a premium price for these peripheral services as compared to the other services. This study is the first of its kind in the Sri Lankan context to examine the role of peripheral services offered by the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) to encourage student involvement in its study programs.
The purpose of this paper is to present the views and expectations of nursing students and their teachers on the practice of mobile learning, and evaluate the strengths and limitations of mobile technologies in supporting nursing education. Based on Koole's (2009) Framework for the Rational Analysis of Mobile Education (FRAME) model, this study evaluates the potency of mobile learning in nursing education with a specific focus on the aspects of device usability, interaction learning, and social technology. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with nursing students and their teachers. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data. The findings showed that the aspects of device usability, interaction learning, and social technology as suggested in the FRAME model were partly fulfilled. Despite the potential of using mobile technologies in nursing education, attention should be paid to the perceptual differences between students and the teacher on the nature and functions of mobile learning. This study contributes to the existing literature on mobile learning by providing an in-depth analysis of the views and expectations of students and their teachers on the practice of mobile learning in nursing education. The findings of this study have implications for advancing the theoretical foundations of the mobile learning model.
The purpose of this paper is to examine - in the context of Taiwan where technology-enhanced learning has been commonplace - how students and teachers conceptualize their daily routine of "learning," and the major distinction toward the conceptions of learning in various educational contexts especially with the adoption of technology. This paper reviews a collection of relevant studies on conceptions of learning, which covered various responses from students and teachers in Taiwan through interviews, questionnaires, and drawings. It captures their conceptions in diverse educational stages and angles, in the settings of conventional classroom learning and technology-enhanced learning environments. The findings indicate that the conceptions of learning in technology-enhanced learning environments differ significantly from those in conventional classroom learning. The students and teachers have different conceptions of their daily routine of "learning," and the major distinction is in the way they conceptualize learning in various educational contexts especially with the adoption of technology. This paper is one of the first to examine conceptions of learning in technology-enhanced learning environments in Taiwan. The results shed light on the needs of future research that extends the scope and depth of the study of conceptions oflearning.
The purpose of this paper is to gain insight into learners' behavioural intention to use the video lectures as their learning material in an open and distance learning (ODL) institution. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the adult learners of an ODL institution in Malaysia. The data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistics as the main analytical tools. The findings from this research study seem to suggest that OUM learners have a positive perception of video lectures with reference to the two dimensions of "ease of use" and "usefulness". Where ease of use is concerned, the learners rate content relevancy, appropriate language and viewing flexibility as the strongest points of the video lectures. The technical aspects are ranked lowest (ability to play the video lecture smoothly from the beginning to the end) as well as objective usage (video lectures are not rated as high as revision material for exam preparation). The findings of this study will provide feedback as to learners' intention to use as well as guidelines on how to improve the development of video lectures as the university gears to offer more courses in the fully online mode in the near future. The findings from this research study seem to suggest that OUM learners have a positive perception of video lecture with reference to the two dimensions of "ease of use" and "usefulness".
The purpose of this paper is to develop a personalized e-learning environment for introductory Computer Science (CS) concept on recursion applying two types of feedback methods in the learning assessment, namely, open-ended and closed-ended questions. The study utilized two types of feedback methods, i.e. open-ended and closed-ended questionnaires, to collect data from the students. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 22.0. The results of the study showed that the students who learned with the developed e-learning environment could develop an understanding of basic computer programming by analyzing the data. Furthermore, the study revealed that students had a positive attitude toward the developed online learning environment which fits with their personalized learning. This study is the first of its kind to apply two types of feedback methods in the e-learning environment to improve student's conceptual learning on the recursion concept on recursion.
Open educational resources (OER) are fast gaining traction as a global movement which can potentially increase equitable access to quality education in alignment with the Sustainable Development Goal 4 (SDG4). The recently concluded 2nd World OER Congress and the "Ljubljana Action Plan 2017" highlight the pivotal role OER can play toward achieving the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and SDG4. The "Open Educational Resources: From Commitment to Action" report reports ten recommendations for mainstreaming OER in an institution. However, what the report fails to identify is a framework and a systematic methodology to guide the mainstreaming process. As a potential solution, the purpose of this paper is to propose an empirical framework and an OER mainstreaming checklist formulated using relevant literature, case studies and personal experience. This paper proposes an empirical framework and a mainstreaming checklist for systematically and holistically mainstreaming OER in an academic institution. The empirical framework is formulated using relevant literature, case studies and personal experience. The checklist is based on a systematic review of the literature and case studies. The proposed empirical framework and OER mainstreaming checklist identifies several processes to be completed by the key stakeholders for successful mainstreaming of OER in an academic institution. One key feature of the framework is its horizontal structure where stakeholders take a team-based approach to completing the required tasks for mainstreaming OER. This paper proposes an empirical framework and a mainstreaming checklist for systematically and holistically mainstreaming OER in an academic institution. The proposed framework and checklist can be used as a guide for other academic institutions to implement OER mainstreaming processes.
The purpose of this paper is to present a design-based approach to support and nurture open educational practices (OEP) in teaching and learning. The paper is based on a review of the literature on open scholarship, open educational resources (OER) and open educational practices (OEP). It also draws on the work of researchers and practitioners in the field of open scholarship. The paper finds that the design-based approach to open educational practices (OEP) has the potential to make a difference in the teaching-learning process. The design of such learning experiences requires a close working relationship and partnership between researchers and practitioners in the field. This requires engagement of teachers and learners in open practices which are participatory, collaborative and innovative, the extent of which will vary, depending on the context and culture of places and people. The originality of the paper lies in its focus on the design-based approach to support and nurture open educational practices (OEP). The paper is of value to both researchers and practitioners in the field.
The purpose of this paper is to give a systematic review of the mounting research work on learning analytics (LA) that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of open and distance learning (ODL) institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies. It also presents a meta-analysis of relevant empirical studies which shows the effect of intervention for at-risk students based on the use of LA. This paper gives a systematic review of the mounting research work on LA that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of ODL institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies. It presents a meta-analysis of relevant empirical studies which shows the effect of intervention for at-risk students based on the use of LA. The results suggest that positive outcomes have been widely reported in relevant case studies. The results suggest great potential for ODL institutions to utilize LA for analysing existing data, which is expected to benefit their operations in areas such as quality assurance and student support. This study also reviewed various predictive models for student success which were developed and validated to identify and prioritize students who may be in need of support. The quantitative analyses confirmed that the learning performance of these students improved after they had been approached for LA-based interventions. This paper is the first systematic review of the mounting research work on LA that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of ODL institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the existing knowledge on open distance learning (ODL) concepts of the prospective BSc undergraduates of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) at first registration at the Colombo Regional Centre (CRC) in the 2013/2014 academic year. The study also attempts to get an insight into the socio-economic characteristics of these students. The present study was carried out with 456 (35 percent) prospective BSc undergraduates at first registration at the Colombo Regional Centre (CRC) in the 2013/2014 academic year. The survey explores the existing knowledge on ODL concepts of these prospective students while also attempting to get an insight into the socio-economic background characteristics of these students, in the view that the findings of the study will help ODL managers/administrators to make future direction of the BSc degree program. The majority of the BSc undergraduates were employed, late adolescent lower middle class, and the majority of them were from the rural areas of the country. The majority of these students were in the middle class and had a high level of education. The students were mostly from the urban areas of Sri Lanka. The results of the study indicate that there was a significant difference in the level of knowledge on ODL concepts between the two groups of students. The study also revealed that the students who were employed had a higher level of ODL knowledge than those who were not employed and those who had a lower level of educational background. The findings of the study will help ODL managers/administrators to make future direction of the BSc degree program at the OUSL.
The purpose of this paper is to present part of an on-going research focused on analyzing students' online learning behavior in a blended learning environment using Moodle, a web-based learning management system (LMS). The paper presents part of an on-going research focused on analyzing students' behavior in a blended learning environment. Hundreds of activity logs for each student were collected, filtered and analyzed using a machine learning technique known as vector space model (VSM). The paper also describes some prototypical coding trajectories generated using these logs, look on probable relationship to student's overall course performance and finally on effects teaching and learning in blended environments. The paper shows that VSM can be used to aggregate the action logs of students and quantify it into a single numeric value that can be use to generate visualizations of students' level of activity. While the visualizations do not seem to depict course performance, the value it presents is in terms of helping instructors monitor course progression and enable them to rapidly identify which students are not performing well and adjust their teaching strategies accordingly. This paper is the first attempt to analyze students' online learning behavior in a blended learning environment using a data-driven approach using a machine learning technique known as VSM.
The purpose of this paper is to explain and illustrate how the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) at the Open University Malaysia (OUM) implements quality assurance (QA) in the print module development at various stages. The authors will also touch on the quality management system (QMS) established in CiDT since it was first awarded the MS ISO 9002:2008 certification in 2005. Finally, the authors will look into the satisfaction level of learners with OUM's learning material. In this paper, the authors will explain and illustrate how the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) at the OUM implements quality assurance (QA) in the print module development at various stages. The authors will also touch on the quality management system (QMS) established in CiDT since it was first awarded the MS ISO 9002:2008 certification in 2005. Finally, they will look into the satisfaction level of learners with OUM's learning material. The QA process for print module development is very clear in defining what the standards of achievement are, including documented procedures for each process. The QMS in the CiDT is crucial to ensure the continuity of the quality work culture. The various procedures and work instructions that are in place set out a number of tools to facilitate the module development process. Checklists are available in most processes such as screening, conducting module writing and moderating workshops and also during the actual development stage. If followed correctly, the staff will not leave out any important work instruction and the processes can be executed smoothly and effectively. This paper is the first of its kind to describe the QA culture in the print module development process at the OUM. It also provides an insight into the satisfaction level of the learners with the learning material.
The purpose of this paper is to elucidate how the adoption rate of online examination as an innovation at Bengkulu Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka (UT) was linked to a number of students' demographics. The study was conducted in the Bengkulu Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka (UT) in the second semester of 2013 and the first semester of 2015. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The diffusion of innovation theory was used to analyze the students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority and laggards. The adoption rate of online examination as an innovation at Bengkulu Regional Office of UT was linked to a number of students' demographics. The length of time between the beginning of the second semester of 2013 and their first participation in the online examination was taken into account to extend the measure of the students' adoption. The diffusion of innovation theory was then used to analyze the Students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards. This paper reflects on the profileration of online examination as a newly introduced education platform and analyzes how and why it broadened the extent to which the aforesaid students' demographics were interrelated, to bring those demographics into a unified diffusion framework. The diffusion of innovation theory was used to analyze the students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential and challenges of massive open online courses (MOOCs) in Pakistan from the perspective of students and faculty. For this exploratory qualitative study, the data collection was done once from multiple groups, hence it was a cross-sectional study. Focus group was conducted with students and interviews were used to collect data from faculty members. The collected data were recorded and transcribed and thematic and content analysis was used to draw conclusions. The findings of the study revealed that MOOCs have a very low completion rate as the participants' interest diminish with the progress of courses. It is anticipated that in the future, structural improvement in infrastructure could positively impact the MOOC enrollments in regional language. Launching of MO OCs in regional languages is a daunting task which requires ceaseless effort from all the stakeholders. Particularly, it needs to draw special attention and interest from academicians and HEC. This paper is the first of its kind to explore the potential and challenges of MOOCs in Pakistan from the perspective of students and faculty. The findings of this study would help us to understand what students and teachers in Pakistan think of this massive rise of online education genie (MOOCs).
The purpose of this paper is to develop a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model for educational data mining (EDM) that can be applied to the highly non-linear, complex, and large volume of data environment. A multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model (MOPs) is developed for the purpose of analysing and classifying the data. The proposed model is based on the evolutionary algorithm (EAL) approach, which is a set of algorithms developed by the authors to optimise the performance of the proposed soft computing approach in the context of educational data mining (DM). The results show that the proposed soft computing model is able to detect significant differences in student achievement in terms of both predictor and outcome variables. Moreover, the proposed model can be applied to a wide range of educational data sets. This study is the first attempt to apply a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model to the educational data mining (EDM) domain. The proposed model can be applied to a wide range of educational settings, including distance learning.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the profiling of information-seeking behaviour of distance learning students in Wawasan Open University, Malaysia. A questionnaire was developed and administered to a random sample of distance learners in Wawasan Open University. The questionnaire consisted of three sections. The first section of the questionnaire was designed based on the existing literature review on profiling information-seeking behaviour among distance learners. The second section was developed based on a review of relevant literature. The third section was designed to investigate the profiling of information- seeking behaviour of distance learning students in the context of the university. Results from this study have confirmed that distance learners experience critical difficulties in effectively searching for information and utilizing the said information in the scholarship of learning and research. Also, efforts are required from library and relevant stakeholders in guiding distance learners to successfully acquire and manage information in this digital age. - This paper reports the preliminary findings and is by no means a comprehensive review on profiling information-seeking behaviour among distance learners. With this in mind, the scope of research has been extended to study a wider population of distance learners in Wawasan Open University. All in all, results from this study have confirmed that distance learners experience critical difficulties in effectively searching for information and utilizing the said information in the scholarship of learning and research.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the reasons behind the prolonged time taken for the completion of the degree programmes offered by the Faculty of Engineering Technology (FET) of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and to identify remedial measures that can be used to shortening the duration of the programmes. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the students following the bachelor's degree programmes offered by the FET of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). The questionnaire was distributed to the students of the BTech and BIS degree programmes at the Faculty of Engineering Technology (FET) of the OUSL. Findings of this study provide some insights for shortening the duration of the BTech and BIS degree programmes offered by the FET of the OUSL. Institutional barriers such as poor academic counselling and guidance, laboratory sessions being inappropriate/not sufficient to understand the course material, inadequate resources and facilities such as library resources and computer and internet facilities, poor teaching and learning environments and lack of laboratory facilities at the regional/study centres have contributed immensely to the lengthy duration taken to complete the degrees. Personal factors such as work-related challenges, travelling time, travelling cost and cost of commuting to the main centre located in Colombo and inability to spend the required time expected of the programme have played major roles on the prolonged completion of the degree programmes. Results indicate that the cost of tuition is not a major barrier for on-time completion. Psychological barriers, such as possessing a limited repertoire of study strategies, lack of understanding of ODL methods and deficiency of constant motivation throughout the study period had a This study provides some insights for shortening the duration of the BTech and BIS degree programmes offered by the FET of the Open University of Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the use of open and distance learning (ODeL) in the preparation of future public health professionals in the Philippines through the International Health Program (IHP) of the United Nations University's (UPOU's) International Health Programme (IHP) in Southeast Asia. The paper is based on a case study of UPOU's International Health Program in the Philippines. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with faculty and students of the program, as well as through focus group discussions. The results of the study revealed that the ODEL program has been successful in transforming future public health professionals in the Philippines. The students have been able to acquire new knowledge, skills, and competencies in the field of public health. They have also been exposed to a wide range of health-related activities and have gained valuable experience in the use of open and distance learning (ODeL). This study is the first of its kind in the Philippines to explore the use of ODeL as a tool for training and development of future public health professionals in the context of a developing country. It also contributes to the literature on ODEL by providing an in-depth understanding of its use in the healthcare sector.
The purpose of this paper is to report on a blended learning project that aimed to address the problems that science teachers face in Hong Kong. At the primary level, science is not taught as an independent subject; it is integrated with social studies and health education to form an interdisciplinary subject, general studies. The implication for teacher education is that general studies teachers may have varied backgrounds in science. At present, many teachers are drawn from non-science streams. These teachers lack the essential science background to teach science concepts and process skills. The problem of differing levels of competence of primary teachers in science is likely to be exacerbated by the recent implementation of the new senior secondary curriculum, which provides students with even greater flexibility in their choice of subjects. The study used a mixed-methods approach, including a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with student-teachers and a focus group discussion. The results indicate that the blended learning approach is effective in building student-teachers' capacity to learn and teach science-related interdisciplinary subjects. The results also indicate that teachers' self-efficacy is positively influenced by their perceived level of mastery of content knowledge in science. This study is one of the first to use a blended learning approach to build student-teachers' capacity to learn and teach science-related interdisciplinary subjects at the senior secondary level in Hong Kong.
Open educational resources (OERs) are increasingly being used to facilitate mobile learning, especially in developing countries where the use of mobile technology is increasing at an astounding rate. However, issues remain for providing repository-based OERs. The purpose of this paper is to identify the possible designs and acceptable mobile-friendly solutions for providing open educational resources in areas with poor internet connectivity. The study aims to answer the following research question: What are the possible and acceptable designs and mobile- friendly solutions for the development of open educational resource repositories in the Philippines? This study used a mixed-methods approach. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the current state of mobile-friendly OERs in the Philippines. Second, a questionnaire was developed to collect data from the users of the proposed mobile solutions. Third, a pilot study was carried out to evaluate the usability of the mobile solutions using a case study. Finally, a survey was conducted with the users to determine their opinions on the usability and usability of these solutions. The findings of this study revealed that the most acceptable mobile-friendly OERs are those that use responsive web design (RWD) to automatically adjust for mobile device sizes and resolutions. The findings also indicated that there is a need for the use of mobile devices to be integrated into the OER repository, as well as the development of a mobile interface that can be used to access the repository. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the design and implementation of mobile-friendly OERs in a developing country context. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for the development of similar solutions in other countries with poor internet connectivity.
Clustering is the process of assigning class labels to objects based on the principle of minimizing the interclass similarity and maximizing the intraclass similarity, which is widely used in various scientific areas. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel clustering algorithm based on minimum spanning tree. A minimum spanning tree is constructed based on the distances among online learning resources. Outliers are removed according to the density of each resource, which is measured by using Euclidean distance. The degree of freedom for each resource is subsequently calculated based on its structure. The resource with the largest value ofdegree of freedom will be considered as the initial centroid of the cluster. A clustering algorithm is proposed based on this scheme. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms is evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms is evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set to improve the generalization of results; one classical density-based clustering method (i.e. DBSCAN) is used for comparison, and the experimental results are analyzed in more detail; and more detailed information and in-depth discussion is provided in the introduction, experiments, conclusion, and future research directions. In this paper, a novel scheme is proposed to resolve the problem of instability and inefficiency for clustering of online learning resources. Outliers are first eliminated based on the density of each resource. Then, a minimum spanning tree is constructed based on distances among resources. The degree of freedom for each resource is subsequently calculated based on its structure. The resource with the largest value ofdegree of freedom will be considered as the initial centroid. In comparison with the previous work (Wang et al., 2015), a number of enhancements have been made: a more comprehensive literature review has been conducted; the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms are evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set to improve the generalization of results; one classical density-based clustering method (DBSCAN) is analyzed in more detail; and the experimental results are analyzed in detail.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the changes that took place in open and distance learning (ODL) research in the last decade by comparing ODL research articles in 2005 with those in the most recent year, 2015. Four aspects of research trends were analysed: research issues and topics, including the research areas covered in published research work, and the keywords indicated by the author; the research methods used by ODL researchers; the patterns of authorship and ways of developing collaborative research; and the target group or population to whom the researchers address their research questions. ODL research articles published in refereed research journals in 2005 and 2015 were analysed. The authors observed changes in ODL research in 2015 compared with 2005. In particular, the authors observed an increase in research on macro-level issues with the support of empirical, especially quantitative, results on innovative theoretical positions. The authors also found that the research methods used by ODL researchers in 2015 were more exploratory and exploratory in nature. In addition, the use of multiple types of sources for data collection was more common in 2015 than in 2005. Finally, the target group or population to whom the researchers address their research questions was found to have changed. This is the first study that attempts to investigate the evolutionary trends of research in the ODL field as reflected in refereed research journal articles. The findings are worthy of researchers' attention and can facilitate their identification of study areas and approaches. For conducting research and publishing a high-research output, this study points to the following recommendations for ODL scholars.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce ontological structure representation in reusing the learning resources from course module and forum discussion. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge. The proposed system is designed with concepts and relationships organization can be a valuable means to highlight the essential aspect of the course of what is important and need to be learned. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge of interest. However, to make it accessible for the ontological structure designed, a semantic forum system is proposed as a front end mechanism in bringing the learning experience to the next level. The findings from the evaluation indicate that the system with ontological structure is an effective learning system to enhance learners' understanding of the course taught. The proposed system is designed with concepts and relationships organization can be a valuable means to highlight the essential aspect of thecourse of what is important and need to be learned. This study contributes to introduce ontological structure representation in reusing the learning resources from course module and forum discussion. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge of interest.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an integrated laboratory experiment setup (ILES) to empower the engineering education in distance mode. The ILES is a new approach to deliver laboratory classes in a distance environment. The ILES is implemented in three phases. The first phase consists of video demonstrations (first phase of ILES) and the second phase of laboratory experiment setup (third phase) provides facilities to perform experiments individually and remotely. In the first phase, video demonstrations are provided for the students to understand laboratory experiments and the ORL provides facilities for them to repeat the experiment if they need more experience. The third phase of IELS provides the facilities for students to perform the experiments individually or remotely. The results of the survey revealed that employment and distance from their residences to central campus are the major challenges faced by students with the inclusion of face-to-face components in a distance education system. The ILES helps to overcome such challenges, when delivering laboratory classes. The ILES enhances the effectiveness of the learning process of laboratory classes while achieving ODL objectives. It also permits the students to repeat the experiment if they need more experience.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the growth of iRadio OUM as a quality audio learning material provider at OUM. This paper is a case study of the development of iRadio OUM as a quality audio learning material provider at OUM. The case study is based on interviews with staff of the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) and the management of the university. iRadio OUM plays an important role in developing e-learning materials for OUM. It adds value to the printed modules and addresses the different learning styles or preferences of the learners. Auditory learners may benefit greatly from the audio files provided and visual learners can truly take advantage of the videos uploaded via OUMportal. The positive response from the content developed, broadcasted and uploaded so far has encouraged i radio OUM to continue exploring new delivery platforms and development tools to further solidify its place as a quality audio learning material provider. iRadio OUM plays an important role in developing e-learning materials for OUM. It adds value to the printed modules and addresses the different learning styles or preferences of the learners. Auditory learners may benefit greatly from the audio files provided and visual learners can truly take advantage of the videos uploaded via OUMportal. This is also part of OUM's OER efforts as all of the content uploaded is available for free.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. The research, which was a part of the university's open educational research initiatives which started in year 2012, focused on the involvement of the library as an organisational unit and of individual librarians and other information technology staff to set up two web portal repositories using the Japanese open source software, called WEKO. This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. The research, which was a part of the university's open educational research initiatives which started in year 2012, focused on the involvement of the library as an organisational unit, and of individual librarians and other information technology staff to set up two web portal repositories using the Japanese open source software. This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. Being the first non-Japanese user of this open source software, the paper aims to share the experiences gained from conducting the research project. This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources, a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. Being the first non-Japanese user of this open source software, the paper aims to share the experiences gained from conducting the research project.
The purpose of this paper is to examine cultural perceptions of online learning from the point of view of participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius who were enrolled in a faculty development program offered online by The Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). This study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius who were enrolled in a transnational online tutor and mentor programme offered by The Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). The data were analyzed using thematic analysis. Sri Lankans, Pakistanis and Mauritians agreed that their cultures exhibit characteristics of high power distance, collectivism and feminine values supporting the cultural dimensions put forward in Hofstede's (1980) framework. However, there were no definite dimensional perspectives from the Mauritian participants regarding power distance and collectivism. The inability to define their own cultural context using bi-polar dimensions may reflect the sociocultural context of a multiethnic, multireligious, multicultural, multilingual and more egalitarian society. Therefore, Hof stede's framework was not directly applicable to national culture. This is one of the first studies to examine cultural perceptions of online learning from the point of view of participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the results of an Importance-Satisfaction Survey conducted on the postgraduate students at the Open University Malaysia (OUM), the first and premier open and distance learning (ODL) university in Malaysia. The purpose of the survey was to determine which services students prefer and whether they are satisfied with them and to identify their "selling points" and "critical points". The study was conducted on postgraduate students at the Open University Malaysia (OUM), the first and premier open and distance learning (ODL) university in Malaysia. The data were collected through an Importance-Satisfaction Survey administered on a random sample of 1,000 students. The overall importance and satisfaction means were used as the origins of the importance-satisfaction grid. The quadrant and gap analysis method was used to identify the "selling points" and "critical points" of the services and facilities. The results showed that academic related dimensions such as facilitator, support services and curriculum are most crucial to students, besides the faculty and learning centres. The quadrant and gap analysis identified the following items as OUM's critical points: facilitator interaction and feedback, students' sense of connectedness with the staff, timely responses to enquiries and complaints, accessibility to digital library and staff of learning centres and online registration. This study is the first of its kind in the Malaysian context. It is also one of the few studies in the ODL segment of the education industry in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to explore open educational resources (OER) and their benefits to faculty to take up different courses of actions on the use rather than on the production of OER in order to assure students' performance. Additionally, it aims to distinguish how and in which behaviours were all involved variables intercorrelated with one another. This study used a mixed methods approach, i.e. qualitative and quantitative, as part of mixed methods research design. The qualitative research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire was developed and distributed to the faculty members of Universitas Terbuka (UT). In the second phase, the data were collected through a structured interview, using the IPA-CSI procedure. The data were analysed using the structural equation modelling technique. It was confirmed that the UK OER impact study, with specific reference to the benefits to institutions and academic as well as to learners, was unquestionable; apart from the minor impediments might still take place. The key benefits elaborated here are related to factors in learning environment, such as pedagogic, attitudinal, logistics, and strategic sphere of influence. This study has discovered somewhat significant differences between what was obtained from qualitative routines as compared to quantitative approach. Four out of the ten hypotheses assessed were not validated by the analysis. This implied that the established qualitative frame is imperfectly approved by quantitative analysis. Another inquiry was needed by enlarging the scope of the study, e.g. by inviting other academic communities from other universities as respondents and/or experts, to make the consequences closer under exploratory design, as part of mixed methods. Using the IPA-CSI procedure, ten vital attributes as the good clues that OER movement in UT is promising.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how and to what extent the peer-facilitated discussion activities, designed within the scenario-based learning (SBL) course design, enhanced knowledge construction during the implementation of open educational resources-based e-learning (OEReL) at the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) in Sri Lanka. This paper is a case study of how peer-facilitated discussions affected the OEReL process of the participants, what factors supported and hindered peer- facilitation activities, and what challenges were faced by them during the process. The study adopted a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with the participants. The peer-facilitated discussion forum activities were found to be very effective in facilitating the participants in their knowledge construction process. In addition to understanding the content more effectively, the peer-discussions have helped them to assess each other's work aswell as self-assess their work and further improve. The three elements - cognitive presence, social presence and teaching presence have played a major role in knowledge construction in OEReL. While cognitive presence and social presence were found as the most indicative, teaching presence of students in facilitating their peers too was significant. A complementary relationship between cognitive Presence, Social Presence and Teaching Presence was observed, where the three elements have interacted in supporting knowledge construction. This paper is a case study of how peer-facilitated discussions affected the OEReL process of the participants, what factors supported and hindered peer- facilitation activities, and what challenges were faced by them during the process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors conducive to the effective teaching of massive open online courses (MOOCs) and to find out to what extent these factors can be identified in existing MOOCs. This paper presents the factors from the relevant literature leading to effective teaching of MOOCs, and the extent to which these factors were adopted in MOOC providers' teaching practices. An empirical evaluation is conducted to find out to what extent these factors can be identified in existing MOOC courses. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from MOOC instructors. The findings show that the majority of the factors identified in the literature are present in MOOCs. However, the extent to which they are adopted by MOOC providers in practice is limited. The findings also show that there is no evidence that MOOC instructors are using the same teaching strategies as in conventional online courses. This paper contributes to the understanding of the differences between teaching conventional online courses and MOOCs; and the extent to which the ways and approaches proposed in the literature were adopted by MOOC providers. The paper serves to direct attention to the MOOC context in various areas, to address practical issues arising from the very large and diverse backgrounds of students that hinder effective teaching.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential for a social prescribing referral to contribute to emotional, psychological and social well-being outcomes for patients of secondary mental health services. Data were collected from a sample of patients referred to Community Mental Health Teams (CMHTs) supporting people with more serious mental health conditions that cannot be treated in primary care settings. Data were collected using a self-report questionnaire from patients who had been referred to CMHTs by a social prescribing link worker. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis. Patients of secondary mental health services who were referred to a social prescribing service reported higher levels of emotional, psychological and social well-being than patients of primary care settings. The most common reasons for referral were low self-esteem and self-efficacy, and a reduction in symptoms of mental ill-health such as anxiety. Support from VCSEs was associated with increased self-confidence, social interaction with health professionals, and increased involvement in work, volunteering and social groups. This is the first study to demonstrate the potential for social prescribing to contribute to emotional, psychological and social well-being outcomes for patients of secondary mental health services. It also demonstrates the importance of providing financial and developmental support to frontline VCSEs to enable these outcomes to be achieved and sustained.
The purpose of this study is to examine the dimension of service quality that affects customers' satisfaction and loyalty among customers of Islamic banks in Malaysia. Furthermore, this study will also examine the role of trust as a mediator between customers' Satisfaction, Loyalty and Trust. This study uses the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach to test the proposed model. The data were collected from a sample of Islamic bank customers in Malaysia. The results of the study revealed that the service quality of Islamic banks in Malaysia is composed of three dimensions, i.e. customer satisfaction, customer loyalty and trust. The results also revealed that trust plays a mediating role in the relationship between customers' satisfaction and loyalty. This study is the first of its kind to examine the dimension of service quality that affects customers' satisfaction and loyalty among customers of Islamic banks in Malaysia. Furthermore, this study will also examine the role of trust as a mediator between customers' dissatisfaction and loyalty.
The purpose of this paper is to address the research question of whether capital structure theories can explain sukuk issuance in Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. It checks if the capital structure determinants in conventional finance can explain Islamic bonds issuance given their social responsibility benefits. The authors use the accounting data of GCC sukuk issuing firms for the period 2005-2016. The authors regressed suKuk amount on capital structure determinants to examine if sukUK issuance is explained by either the trade-off theory or the pecking order theory. They also perform the fund flow deficit model and the target level debt model to test the pecks order model. The results show that capital structure determinants fail to confirm either the trade-off theory or the pecking order theory. Indeed, the amount of sukuk depends significantly and negatively on profitability and significantly and positively on earning volatility which is contrary to the tradeoff theory. Thus, the paper finds no evidence of either trade-offs or pecking orders. Besides, it also finds evidence of the target level debt target model and the fund flow deficit model. The paper also finds that the suKuk change is significantly linked to the deviation from a suKUK target. So, sukUK issuance aligns toward an optimal leverage. This study contributes to corporate finance theory and CSR. It checks if the capital structure theories in conventional finance as well as Islamic bonds can explain sukuk issuance given their social responsibility benefits. It would help defining the social factors that encourage Sukuk issuance. This would reasonably lead to Islamic finance and Islamic CSR development.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the link between economic growth and financial performance of Islamic banks in a framework of endogenous growth model through international evidence from Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Turkey and Saudi Arabia as top pioneer Islamic finance countries. By applying the panel one-step generalized method of moments (CAMELS) method, this study estimated the relationship between economic growth and financial performance of Islamic banks in a frame of the endogenous growth model. This study found that only ROE was statistically significant and positive to economic growth in the frame of the endogenous growth model. In addition, this study found a positive and statistically significant relationship between the financial performance of Islamic banks and economic growth. The contribution of this study is to investigate this link in a framework of endogenous growth model through international evidence from Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Turkey and Saudi Arabia as the top pioneer Islamic finance countries. Therefore, this study answers the following question: "Does the financial performance of Islamic finance affect economic growth in the frame of the endogenous growth models?"
The purpose of this paper is to propose an organic global cryptocurrency that is closer to Maqasid Shari'ah (Islamic law) in that it is based on the principles of Islamic law. The paper is based on a review of the literature and the author's own experience in the field of international monetary reform. The proposed system is closer to Shari'ah than the current international monetary system. It is also closer to Maqasid Shari'sah than any other currency system. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes an organic global cryptocurrency that is closer to Maqasid Shari'ah principles than the existing international monetary system. It is also the first attempt to introduce the concept of a global cryptocurrency.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the benefits of accessing business financial services from an Islamic point of view in Nigeria by selecting Kano state as a case study. This study utilized primary data collection by conducting interviews with experts comprising professional accountants/consultants and experienced traders. Also, observations were made in some selected stores and shops that were believed to be financially included. The study reveals the benefits of business financial inclusion to include recordkeeping improvement, the reduction of the risks of bad debts, reduction of risks associated with cash, business zakah enhancement, poverty alleviation, sales improvement, business growth, support from government and other development and employment opportunities and the provision of employment opportunities. Other benefits are carrying out religious and other philanthropic activities which greatly contribute to the welfare of the ummah. This study is the first of its kind to explore the benefits of accessing business financial services from an Islamic point of view in Nigeria.
- The purpose of this paper is to reflect on Maqasid al-Shari'ah in the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf (Waqf jurisprudence). - The paper is based on the analysis of Maqasid al-Shari'ah in the corpus of classical waqf jurisprudence and the resultant rulings of the rulings in the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf. In particular, the paper adopts a critical analysis of the basic principles of waqaf and their interrelationship with the principles of Shari'a. - The paper finds that the corpus of classical waqf jurisprudence displays a coherent synthesis of Maqasid al-Shari'ah-oriented rulings in the resultant rulings of Waqf. In other words, in deriving essential principles of waqF, the jurists ensured that the essentialities of Ma Qasid-al-Sharisah are subtly intermingled with the necessary components of usul al-fiqh (principles of Islamic juris Prudence). - This is the first study to examine the interplay between Maqasid al-Shari'ah and classical waqf jurisprudence in the context of the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf. The findings of this study will be of value to scholars and practitioners alike.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic literature review on the impact of Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) governance mechanism on firm performance of Islamic banks (IBs) in the Islamic banking context. A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the relevant studies on the impact of Shari'ah governance mechanism on firm performance in the Islamic banking context. The selected studies were categorized into three main categories, i.e. SSB, SG, and firm performance, and then, the relationships between them were examined. The results show that the SSB has a positive and significant impact on IB performance. The SSB is also found to be an important stakeholder that affects the performance of IBs. In addition, SSB certification of approval has a significant and positive effect on IBs' performance. However, the impact of SSB on IB's performance varies across jurisdictions. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first systematic literature review on the SG of SSBs and firm performance in the context of Islamic banking. The findings of this study will be useful for researchers, practitioners, and policy makers in the Islamic banking industry to understand the impact of SG on IB performance.
As banks face funding pressure, one key question is prospects for bank lending in Saudi Arabia. Bank credit represents a key channel of transmission from oil prices to the real economy in Saudi Saudi Arabia and an important driver of economic growth more generally. The purpose of this paper is to analyze determinants of bank credit growth. The paper applies a panel econometric approach to bank-level balance sheet and macrolevel data for Saudi Arabia spanning 2000-2015. It extends the baseline model to address several questions key to Saudi Arabia. The paper finds that bank lending is supported by strong balance sheet conditions (high capital ratio and growth of provisioning and deposits), higher growth of both oil prices and nonoil private sector GDP. Lower bank concentration helps, likely through greater competition, so does stronger institution. Bank lending growth rises with stronger oil price performance and domestic economic activity. Interest rates, either domestic or foreign, do not systematically affect bank lending. A rise in bank holdings of government bonds diversifies bank asset portfolios but crowds out bank lending by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The paper complements the literature, which primarily relies on cross-country panel data by single-country estimations that account for country-specific characteristics. The paper applies a panel econometric approach to bank-level balance sheet and macrolevel data for Saudi Arabia spanning 2000-2015.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a theoretical model of the Islamic sovereign wealth fund (ISWFs) based on Islamic finance principles to modify the precarious image of sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) from Muslim countries. The authors use state-of-the-art methods including, content, descriptive and exploratory case study analyses to produce the model of ISWFs. The authors use the term "Islamic Sovereign Wealth Fund" for 80 SWFs around the world that consists of 80 countries. The results show that SWFs from Muslim countries are essential to reform their structure, management, governance, transparency and accountability mechanism. The application of Islamic finance principles on conventional SWFs will improve governance mechanism and reduce the threatening image of SWFs. This study proposes a theoretical model of the ISWFs based on Islamic finance principles to modify the precarious image of SWFs from Muslim countries. The model includes four essential pillars: Pillar 1: the major Shariah principles; Pillar 2: the Shariah corporate governance framework; Pillar 3: the Islamic transparency and disclosure framework; and Pillar 4: the corporate social responsibility (SR) framework. This study provides the following contributions of theoretical and practical nature for scholars and policymakers.
Social impact bonds (SIBs) are innovative mechanisms that bring together the public, private and voluntary sectors to address social issues that focus on delivery of outcomes. SIBs are a commissioning tool where social investors provide the initial funding for a social project and receive returns based on the impact or results achieved from the project. The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential development of "social impact sukuk" (SIS) by looking at the lessons learned from the Peterborough SIB. These lessons can be useful for two main ideas - first, as a reference for the future development of SRI within the Islamic finance industry, and, second, in working towards breaking the formalist deadlock (having form but without substance) of Islamic finance practice in achieving its true social objectives. The methodology of this paper is critical review of literature. This includes a case study of Peterborough SIB which is compared with recent SRI development within the Islamic finance industry, specifically the SRI sukuk. From the case study, as an output, the paper analyses a general SIS structure and highlights key lessons for the future development of SRI in Islamic finance. The case studies of Peterborough SIB and recent SRI development within the Islamic finance industry show that there is still much contention of what is being practiced in the industry - there is a "formalist deadlock" whereby Islamic finance practice has been more concerned with the formal adherence to Islamic legal rules while putting the substance and its true objectives of at the back seat. However, progress is certainly being made, with SRI developments such as Green sukuk, vaccine suKuk and SRI sukUK over the past few years. With the growing interest towards social impact investing, various calls have also been made for the development of SIS. This paper is the first attempt to explore the potential development of "social impact sukuk" (SIS) by looking at the lessons learned from the implementation of Peterborough SIB. These lessons can be useful for two main ideas - first, as a reference for the future development of SRI within the Islamic finance industry, and, second, in working towards breaking the formalist deadlock (having form but without substance) of Islamic finance practice in achieving its true social objectives.
The purpose of this paper is to propose innovative solutions to tap "Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises" (MSMEs) market to improve the financial access and inclusion of new customers and financing for MSMEs. The authors propose a "Special Purpose Entity (SPE)" model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program. The study is based on a literature review and case study. The case of Saudi Industrial Development Fund (SIDF) KAFALH, which is designed to provide guarantees for small and medium enterprise (SME) loans, is used as an example to illustrate the proposed model. The authors propose a collaborative SPE model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program. Islamic banks can provide financing to large segments of society and play their role in economic development. NBFIs can be a part of SPE by providing financial resources as well as their extensive knowledge of regional markets to focus on particular geographical regions and market segment. SPEs can utilize Islamic capital markets to generate more capital and obtain Takaful cover for specific projects at later stage. This study is one of the first attempts to propose an innovative model to tap MSMEs market. The authors propose a collaborative SPE model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program. NBFIs can be a part of SPE by providing financial resources as well as their extensive knowledge of regional markets to focus on particular geographical regions and market segment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of reciprocity, self-interest and reputation in the context of debt vs equity contracts. According to the literature, the characteristics of fairness, reciprocity and reputation prevails in a considerable proportion of the society. Therefore, the theory of self- interest alone cannot be relied on in explaining situations where the decision makers believe and act reciprocally. In the context of lab experiments and for the purpose of comparison, the bonus and trust contracts are used as a proxy for the equity contracts, whereas the incentive contract is used for the debt contract. In the paper, the reciprocity is excelled in the presence of reputation in the equity contract. The results show that the equity contract has a higher degree of reciprocity than the debt contract in the presence of self-interest and reputation. Moreover, the reciprocity in the equity contracts is enhanced by the borrower's care about their reputation in the market. This is the first study that compares the equity contract with the debt contract in terms of reciprocity, self-interest and reputation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the performance of initial public offerings (IPOs) of Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia. The study aims to examine the effect of Sharief-complaint status on IPO underpricing. This study uses a sample of Shariah-compliant IPOs listed on Bursa Malaysia from 1997 to 2016. The data were collected from the Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) of Malaysia, which is a voluntary Shariah screening process conducted by the Securities Commission of Malaysia (SC) before firms going public. This study uses the ordinary least squares (OLS) approach to estimate the IPO underpricing. The results show that the Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia are underpriced at an average return of 8.5 per cent, which is significantly lower than the common IPO market returns. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the IPO underpricing between the two groups of companies. However, there is a significant difference between the IPO returns of the two types of companies with respect to the IPO performance. This study is one of the first to investigate IPO underpricing in the case of Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia. This study is also the first attempt to investigate the IPO underpriced IPO for Shariah compliant companies separately from the common IPO market in Malaysia.
- For more than five decades, Forecasting International has conducted an ongoing study of the forces changing our world. In the 1980s, we condensed what we had learned into a list of trends we had seen at work in the world. We have updated that list frequently in the years since. For each study we undertake, we compare the specific circumstances of the industry, organization, or country with our trends and see how the two interact. The results have been gratifyingly accurate. The new edition updates our previous report on the implications for the hospitality industry of major trends now shaping the future. - For more than five decades, Forecasting International has conducted an ongoing study of the forces changing our world. In the 1980s, we condensed what we had learned into a list of trends we had seen at work in the world. We have updated that list frequently in the years since. For each study we undertake, we compare the specific circumstances of the industry, organization, or country with our trends and see how the two interact. The results have been gratifyingly accurate. In all, according to one of our clients, no fewer than 95% of our specific predictions based on an earlier version of this list proved correct. - A substantial portion of the labor force will be in job retraining programs at any moment. Education and training are expanding throughout society.Rapid changes in the job market and work-related technologies necessitate increased training for many workers. The inevitable obsolescence of human knowledge will help drive the adoption of artificial intelligence. AI will make training for new careers largely obsolete. Specialization is spreading throughout the industry and professions. - The new edition updates our previous report on the implications for the hospitality industry of major trends now shaping the future. Whatever your concern, some of these trends will have a very direct impact upon it. Others will help to form the general environment in which we live and work.
The Venetian Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas serves as an ideal case study due to its prominence and tenure on the Las Vegas Strip as a themed attraction. In this study, the authors analyze promotional material through the lens of two key marketing research concepts, the experience economy and the promotion of authenticity, focusing on the key concepts of theme and authenticity. The Venetian's promotional material is analyzed through the lens of the experience economy and authenticity, focusing on the key concepts of authenticity and experience. The study uses content analysis to analyze promotional material from the resort's web site, press releases, brochures and other promotional materials. The findings show that The Venetian's promotional material promotes the experience economy and promotes authenticity through the promotion of authentic experiences, including a sense of genuineness, authenticity and authenticity of the experience. This study is the first to analyze promotional material from a single resort through the lens of the experience economy and the promotion of authenticity. The findings suggest that the Venetian's promotional material can be used as a case study for other hotels and resorts seeking to promote authenticity and experience.
This research focusses on human resource development (HRD) and studies the influence of workplace learning on organisational performance in the hospitality industry. This study is based on a qualitative research design. In total, 12 semi-structured interviews were conducted in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. The data were analysed using qualitative content analysis. The results show that workplace learning has a positive influence on organisational performance in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. However, the results also show that the influence of workplace learning is not as strong as expected. The findings show that there is a positive and significant relationship between workplace learning and organisational performances. This research contributes to the literature on workplace learning and organisational performance in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. It is the first study to investigate the influence of workplace learning on the performance of the organisation in the industry.
The purpose of this study is twofold: (1) to uncover the underlying factors which prompt the guests to interact with other people in a lodging setting and (2) to examine the relative importance of those underlying factors to the total guest experiences. The first objective attempts to build a theoretical battery of expected benefits of people interaction, which may be further utilized in theory development. The second objective strives to assess the underlying relationship between the expected benefits and customer service experiences. This study uses a mixed method approach to derive attributes that assess the benefits of interaction. The study first deploys a qualitative approach, which results in five streams of expected benefits associated with personal interactions; these consist of friendliness, social, information, curiosity and service by using hotels as the study setting. The benefit dimensions may be further grouped into two benefit categories: civility and utility. The results reveal five streams of expected benefits associated with personal interactions: friendliness, social, information, curiosity and service. The benefit dimensions may be further grouped into two benefit categories: civility and utility. The results offer comprehensive insights into the benefits of people interactions in terms of guest-to-guest, guest-To-server and guest- to-locals. This study contributes to the existing literature on people-to-people interaction by comprehensively exploring all expected utilities of people interaction occurring in all sorts of interactions (e.g. guest- to-guest, guest to server and guest to local). The findings of the study may be further utilized in theory development and practice.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the significant effects amongst museum experience, satisfaction, loyalty and tourist willingness to pay more (WPM). In addition, the study explores the moderation effect of the number of times (NT), that is, the frequency (first time and frequent tourists) of visits to the National Museum in Ghana, underpinned by the experience economy theory. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire from a convenience sample of tourists visiting the National Museum in Ghana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. The findings of the study revealed that museum experience, satisfaction and loyalty are significant factors that have an impact on the loyalty of tourists in the studied area. In addition, the moderating effect of visiting frequency on the relationship between satisfaction and WPM was also found to be significant. This study contributes to the understanding of museum tourism and experience in a non-Western context. In addition, the current findings provide the foundation for future directions and provide empirical evidence that museum experience, satisfaction, WPM are significant factors that have an impact on the loyalty of tourists in the studied area.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of a comprehensive wellness program on job satisfaction in the workplace. The study aims to determine whether the implementation of a wellness program has a significant impact on the employees' job satisfaction. - Data were collected from a sample of employees of a Fortune 500 company that implemented a comprehensive wellness program in the workplace. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). - The results showed that the wellness program had a significant positive impact on job satisfaction. The results also showed that there was a significant relationship between wellness program implementation and job satisfaction in the workplace. However, the results did not support the hypothesis that wellness program participants were more likely to report higher job satisfaction than non-participants. - This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of a comprehensive wellness program on job satisfaction in the workplace. The results of this study can be used by organizational leaders to assess the effectiveness of a wellness program and to determine ways to encourage employee participation.
The purpose of the current study is to investigate the likelihood of people employed in the restaurant industry of different positions, length of tenure and training levels, to intervene when noticing a food safety threat. The study will assess the perceived severity of the threat and the impact of social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, that may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment. An online survey was used to collect data from a convenience sample of restaurant employees working in the USA. The sample consisted of employees who were employed in the restaurant industry of different positions, length of tenure and training levels. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results of this study indicated that employees of different positions, tenure and training levels were significantly more likely to intervene when noticing a food safety threat. The results also indicated that the perceived severity of the threat had a significant impact on the likelihood of intervention. In addition, social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment. This study is one of the first to investigate the impact of social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, that may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment from production to consumption in the restaurant industry.
The purpose of this paper is to explore digital marketing and tourism with a focus on opportunities for Africa as a case study by combining integrative literature review and content analysis. This study uses integrative literature review and content analysis as a research methodology approach to explore digital marketing and tourism in Africa as a case study. The findings indicate that digital marketing like social media marketing, creative content and mobile advertising can act as digital marketing trends to increase international tourist arrivals for Africa. Nigeria has the competitive advantage of population, smartphone users and internet users over other African countries. Hence, it has the capacity to utilize digital marketing through text messaging and mobile advertisements to encourage internet users to share tourism content within and outside Africa to enhance tourism growth. Egypt has the Facebook subscriber competitive advantage over other countries in Africa. Tanzania has a competitive advantage in terms of population and internet user to enjoy opportunities in digital marketing compared to countries like Kenya, South Africa and Uganda. This study contributes to the literature on digital marketing by exploring digital marketing and tourism with a focus on opportunities for Africa as a case study.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the students' satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency from an historically black colleges and universities (HBCU) perspective, specifically in relation to the quality of food, ambience, value, food and beverage options, and service and if service satisfaction leads to their dining frequency. In addition, this study also tests these relationships across two distinct groups of students, i.e. residents and commuters. This research was conducted at an HBCU in southern USA, a co-educational, residential institution that provides on-campus housing for 3,000 students. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 residential and non-residential students at the university. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data. The results of this study indicated that students' overall satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency were significantly higher for residents than for commuters. In addition, students' dining frequency was found to be positively related to the quality of food, ambience, value, value for money, food and beverage options, service and service satisfaction and meal plan satisfaction. The results also indicated that the relationship between dining frequency and satisfaction was stronger for residential students than for commuter students. This study is one of the first to examine students' dining frequency and satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency from an HBCU perspective, specifically in relation to the quality of food, ambience, value, value for money, food and beverage options, and service and if service satisfaction leads to their dining frequency. In addition, this study also tests these relationships across two distinct groups of students, i.e. residents and commuters.
The purpose of this research study was to examine the factors affecting consumers' behavioral intentions (BIs) to use hotel smartphone apps. The specific objectives of the study were to assess the effects of perceived usefulness (PU), perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived credibility (PC), perceived change risk (PCR), perceived equipment risk (PER) and psychological resistance (PR). A survey was conducted to collect data from a convenience sample of hotel customers in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the research model. This study found that perceived usefulness (PU), perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived credibility (PC), perceived change risk (PCR), perceived equipment risk (PER), and perceived security/privacy threats (PCP) had significant effects on consumers' acceptance of hotel smartphone apps. In addition, perceived psychological resistance (PR) had a significant effect on the relationship between PU and acceptance. To the authors' knowledge, there is no research focusing on consumer acceptance and avoidance of hotel smartphone apps. Therefore, this study will shed light on the existing literature of mobile technology in the lodging industry. This study found that perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, perceived credibility, perceived equipment risk, perceived change risk, and psychological resistance are significant predictors of BIs in the hotel industry.
The purpose of the current study is to identify and compare the characteristics of culinary fans and culinary critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S. state of Florida. More specifically, the study aims to compare fans and critics of these destinations on several factors, including sociodemographics, psychographics, and behavioral characteristics. A survey was conducted to collect data from culinary fans and critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S., Orlando (a metropolis in central Florida) and Orlando, Florida (the state overall). The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results show that culinary fans and culinary critics differ in sociodemographics, psychographics, and behavioral characteristics. Culinary fans are more likely to be female, have higher levels of education, live in a metropolitan area, have a higher level of income, have more children and live in the metropolitan area of a destination than culinary critics. In addition, culinary fans have more positive attitudes towards the local cuisine of the destination and are less likely to have a negative attitude towards a destination's culinary offerings. This study is one of the first to identify and compare the characteristics of culinary fans and culinary critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S., Orlando (A metropolis in central Florida) and Florida (the state overall).
The purpose of this paper is to propose a set of introductory Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots based on an extensive literature review. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings. Based on an extensive literature review, a set of introductory HRI guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots is proposed. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings. This article proposes a set of introductory HRI guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots based on an extensive literature review. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings. A set of universally accepted HRI guidelines with standards has yet to emerge in the hospitality industry. Compilation of such information for designers of hospitality service robots will offer a clearer roadmap for them to follow. This article provides a set of introductory guidelines and standards to hopefully jumpstart this undertaking.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between demographic factors and travel motivation among leisure tourists in Tanzania. Specifically, this study aims to examine whether the importance of travel motivations differs among the two groups of tourists. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to leisure tourists visiting the Mount Kilimanjaro National Park in Tanzania. The sample consisted of 1,000 respondents. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study revealed that age, gender, education level, marital status, income and marital status were found to be significant predictors of leisure tourists' travel motivation. The results also revealed that the importance of travel motivation was found to differ among the two groups. This study is among the first to examine the relationship between demographic factors and travel motivation among leisure tourists in Tanzania. The findings of this study have important implications for tourism practitioners and policy makers in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to test the hypothesis that nondestination gaming locations are more resistant to recessionary pressures than destination locations on the basis of gaming volume and employment. It also investigates the impact of the Great Recession on gaming and employment levels before, and after, the recession. Data were collected from the Indiana Gaming Commission during the Great Recession of 2007-2009. Data were analyzed using the slot coin-in and table drop models to determine gaming volume and employment levels. The results suggest that nondestination gaming locales' gaming performance, measured by volume, showed resistance to the economic downturn. During the Great Recession, gaming volume and employment levels were significantly lower than before the recession, and were significantly higher than after the recession. The results also suggest that the economic impact of the Great recession on gaming and employment was greater in repeater markets than in destination markets. This is the first study to examine the impact of the Great Recession on gaming volume and employment in a nondestination gaming destination, and the only study to do so in the USA.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of contracting out school meals in a rural school district in Florida, USA. The paper aims to examine how the contracting out of school meals has affected the quality and economic impact of school food service operations. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of school food service providers in a rural Florida school district that had contracted out its school meal operations to a private provider. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and regression analysis. The results indicate that the cost savings associated with contracting out school food service operations are significantly higher than the cost of operating the district's own food service operation. The results also indicate that there is a significant increase in the quality of food services provided by the contracted out operations over time. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of contracting out school meals in a rural school district in the USA. It is also one of very few studies that have examined the economic impact of contracting out school food services.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether guests' tipping motivations ( server and food quality and adherence to social norms) and demographic characteristics (i.e. gender, age and income) influence loyalty to the server in a restaurant. This study employed a quantitative approach to test the hypotheses. Data were collected from a convenience sample of 1,000 restaurant guests in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data and test the research model. The results of this study showed that guests' tipping motivations (i.e. server and food quality and adherence to social norms) and demographic characteristics influence loyalty to the server to a greater extent than did gender, age and income. This study is one of the first to examine the effects of tipping motivations on loyalty to the server in a restaurant. The findings of this study can help restaurant owners and managers to cultivate customer loyalty, not only to the restaurant brand, but also to the servers who are the key in providing a level of relationship with the guest that the owners cannot control directly.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the importance of sustainable practices for quick service restaurant (QSR) consumers and if perceptions of QSR brand practice perceptions or QSR consumer sustainable behaviors impacted purchase behaviors. Specifically, QSR purchase behaviors were assessed in relation to a willingness to pay a premium (WTPP) in the QSR context. Data were collected from a convenience sample of QSR consumers in the USA using a self-administered online survey. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses. The findings indicate that QSR consumers place high importance on economic, social and environmental sustainable practices and QSR consumer perceptions of QSR brand practice perceptions of sustainable practices. These three sustainability factors are important to consumers that place a high level of importance on these factors, in fact, they are willing to pay a premium for QSR products. Perceptions of actual QSR sustainability practices were also drivers of actual WTPP for consumers. And, when QSR customers personally engaged in sustainability behaviors (reducing pollution, recycling and locality), these consumers, in particular, were more likely to have higher WTPP. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of QSR brand practice perceptions and QSR consumer sustainable behaviors on willingness to pay a premium for QSR products in the context of sustainable practices.
The purpose of this paper is to examine gender differences in motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia. This study used a quantitative approach to examine gender differences in motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to participants who had attended a festival in the past six months. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results of this study showed that men and women had significantly different motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia. Specifically, men had significantly higher levels of personal and interpersonal seeking and escaping motivations than women. Additionally, the results showed that there were significant gender differences in the importance attached to seeking and escape motivations within and between genders. This study was the first to examine gender differences in festival motivations in Saudi Arabia. Therefore, it offers promising avenues to other scholars who are interested in the leisure culture of Saudi Arabia, an area that is relatively understudied.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the psychological influence that the presence (vs the absence) of music has on consumers' evaluations of the service environment. Specifically, it investigates how emotion regulation processes and the impact of emotions/mood are linked to consumers' evaluation of service and product quality. An exploratory study and a field experiment were conducted to examine the impact of music and mood in the service environment on consumers' evaluations of service and product quality. Findings from this research demonstrate that music is integral to adding value to the customer experience. In the pilot study, industry professionals expressed implicit theories about the value of music. Music can be used to help customers regulate emotions and improve mood, enhance the customer Experience as well as help in attracting new consumer segments. Results from the field experiment found that those exposed to music were likely to improve mood and express more favorable evaluations of the service and product quality of the establishment. Results also support mood congruency judgment. This research contributes to existing literature by investigating how emotion regulation processes and the impact of emotions/mood are linked to consumers' evaluation of service and product quality. Furthermore, this research examines the efficacy of music in the service environment by studying the effects of live music in an experimental setting.
The first point of contact a potential guest has with a hotel is often when they access the hotel website on their computer or mobile device. The website presentation, including both its appearance as well as the time it takes the website to load is the hotel's first opportunity to serve the customer. As the first impression, a page's load time has the potential to influence consumers' opinion of the hotel for better or worse, particularly for first-time visitors. Internet marketing research has identified that when a web page fails to load in the time expected, consumers are dissatisfied and generally abandon the website in favor of competing websites that load more quickly. This represents a service gap in the website's performance. The purpose of this paper is to examine the state of hotel website load times across the industry, comparing website load time against best practice for both desktop and mobile devices. Data were collected from a sample of hotel websites across the USA using a web-based survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, ANOVA, t-tests and multiple regressions. The results of this study reveal that the average load time for desktop and mobile devices is 3 s and 3 s, respectively. The study also finds that mobile websites load time is significantly faster than desktop websites, with a mean load time of 3 s for mobile and 3.5 s for desktop websites. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of web page load time on consumer satisfaction in the hotel industry. It provides a broad-based survey of hotel website load time performance, establishing a benchmark upon which future performance can be compared; it compares website load times for both desktop and mobile devices against consumer service expectations, highlighting service gaps which may impact hotel reservation processes and hotel revenues; and it introduces a methodology that not only enables hotel companies to monitor their own (and competitor's) website performance, but also provides specific, actionable recommendations to improve their site's performance.
The China MICE Cities Alliance (CMCA) was founded in September 2012 and boasted 17 member cities at the end of 2016. The purpose of this paper is to empirically analyze CMCA member cities and enrich the research on urban MICE competitiveness from the supply side. Based on research findings from the demand perspective and the literature review, the authors constructed an urban MICE competitiveness indicator system from the perspective of the supply side and performed principal component analysis. Based on the findings of Chen (2014) and other scholars, this research designed counterpart statistical indicators to empirically analyze CMCA member cities and enriched the research on urban Mice competitiveness from the supplyside. Based on the principal component analysis, it was found that transportation, professional management level, event theme, sufficient information exposure, climate and the natural environment are the principal factors influencing urban MICE competitiveness in CMCA member cities. In addition, the authors found that the indicators of CMCA's member cities' MICE development are: the number of hotels, number of restaurants and number of hotel rooms, the amount of hotels per capita, the average number of rooms per hotel and the average price per room. The authors also found that there are significant differences in the relative importance of the indicators for each city. This research is the first to empirically analyze CMCA member cities' MICE competitiveness from the perspective of the supply side. The findings of this research will contribute to the understanding of the factors and indicators that influence the urban MICE industry in China. This research will also enrich the research on the supply-side structural reform of the MICE cultural industry in the new era.
In response to the increasingly more rigorous requirements of accrediting organizations, calls for greater accountability from state governing bodies, and student demands for an education that prepares them for a career, many hospitality programs and their faculty are in the process of modifying what they teach and how they teach it. The focus is shifting from faculty covering course content in relatively passive lecture formats to uncovering content by focusing on specific program and course learning outcomes and by actively involving students in their own learning. This movement from teacher-centered to learner-centered instruction is characterized by designing intended learning outcomes for students and then providing a process or system that leads to the attainment of those learning outcomes. The assessment of student learning, or more accurately termed the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes, requires an articulated and detailed process that, if effectively implemented, increases the likelihood of the achievement of the appropriate student learning outcomes (Alstete, 1995). The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is a two-part study. The first part of the study is a literature review of the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process for hospitality programs. The second part is a case study of two hospitality programs that have implemented the process. The findings of this two-part study suggest that a closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process is a relatively straightforward list of steps that can result in significant improvements in both faculty performance and in students effectively learning what they should from each of their hospitality courses. This process can best be described as best practices for higher education. This paper is the first of two parts of a two-part study. The second part of the study will report on the findings of the first part of this study and will provide a detailed description of the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a recommended closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process for hospitality programs. The first step in transparency and accountability should be the posting of program and course learning outcomes on the program's website. Part 1 of this article includes an introduction to the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process and the first three steps of the process. Part 2 includes steps four through seven of the processes and the conclusion. The experience of two hospitality programs was used as the basis for this research. It was found that only 3 out of 25 randomly selected high performing hospitality programs posted their program's learning outcomes and none posted their assessment results on the program's site (one university did post some learning outcomes on the university site). This is the first time that a closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process has been recommended for hospitality programs. It is also one of the few studies that has been done in the hospitality industry.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges that chefs and restaurateurs of Hong Kong's Japanese restaurants have used to break into the market. This paper seeks to explore how the Japanese restaurant market in Hong Kong has evolved over the years. This paper is based on in-depth interviews with Japanese chefs and restaurateurs of Japanese restaurants in Hong Kong. The interview data were analyzed using a thematic approach. The findings of this paper show that the Japanese restaurant market in Hong Kong is still growing and there is room for Japanese food to continue to grow for the near future. The challenges discussed will most likely still exist but much like the work done by those in the past, this current generation is paving the way for opportunity for the future. This paper is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by Japanese restauranteurship in Hong Kong's premium Japanese restaurant market. The challenges discussed will most likely still exist but much like the work done by those in the past, this current generation is paving the way for opportunity for the future.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the key antecedents and consequences of perceived value (PV) in the restaurant industry and to develop a holistic model of price-quality-value-satisfaction-loyalty relationship. Data were collected from 103 restaurant customers using a self-administered questionnaire. Structural equation modelling was used to test the proposed model. In the model, six of the eight hypotheses were supported. PV had a stronger influence on CL in an indirect way (via customer satisfaction). The direct impact of customer satisfaction on CL was also shown to be strong. PMS was the major influence factor of PV in contrast to the hypothesised PSQ relationship with PV. Further, PMS appeared to be a strong driver of PSQ. Moreover, the negative effect of PMS on PV indicated this impact may be a challenge mitigate in a restaurant context. This study is the first to provide a more holistic representation of the price-quality-value-satisfaction-loyalty relationship in the restaurant industry. The findings of this study provide a better understanding of the antecedents and consequences of value-based pricing in a restaurant context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine undergraduate students' program and institutional support characteristics that may relate to PGA Golf Management University Program (PGA-GMUP) student cohort intent to persist. A survey was administered to a sample of undergraduate golf management students enrolled in the PGA Golf Management University Program (PGA-GMUP) at a mid-western university in the USA. The survey included measures of college GPA, career goals specific to the student's desire to become a PGA professional, faculty engagement, satisfaction with major, involvement in the student association, and intention to persist. The research findings suggest higher levels of college GPA, career goals specific to the student's desire to become a PGA professional, and higher level of faculty engagement are related to intention to persist. Additionally, the results suggest that students' satisfaction with major, being a leader in the student association, and involvement in the students' student association are also related to intent to persist in the PGA-GMUP cohort. This is the first study to examine the relationship between program and institutional support characteristics and cohort intent to persist in a PGA-GMUP cohort.
The purpose of this paper is to explore perceptions of millennials about the impact of human brand characteristics on nonhuman brand characteristics within the context of hospitality brands. In particular, this study intends to explore the relationship between human brand credibility and human brand equity and nonhuman brands' credibility and brand equity. Furthermore, this research intends to also explore the influence of human brands on their own equity. Data were collected through an online survey, which was administered to a convenience sample of US millennial consumers. The sample consisted of 1,000 respondents. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The findings of this study revealed that human brand credibility has a positive impact on human brand equity, while nonhuman brand credibility does not have a significant impact on brand equity. In addition, the results of the study also revealed that the impact of human brand characteristics on brand credibility and brand equity is stronger for nonhuman brands than for human brands. This study is one of the first to explore the impact of human and nonhuman brand characteristics on brand equity and credibility in the context of hospitality and tourism. The findings of this study will contribute theoretically, empirically and practically to the branding literature.
The purpose of this study is to examine employee job satisfaction comments from a hospitality resort organization to explore which factors impact job satisfaction, with an in-depth analysis of comments written in Spanish from employees working in a primarily English-speaking hospitality organization. This study uses sentiment analysis to analyze a large data set of employee job satisfaction comments from a hospitality resort organization to explore which factors impact job satisfaction with an in-depth analysis of comments written in Spanish from employees working in a primarily English-speaking hospitality organization. The findings of this study indicate that job satisfaction is influenced by a variety of factors, including job security, job autonomy, job satisfaction and job security. The findings also indicate that Latino employees working in a multicultural work environment are more likely to be dissatisfied with their job satisfaction than their English-speaking counterparts. This research advances the literature examining employee diversity, specifically referring to Latino hospitality employees who communicate in Spanish. Prior academic studies on text mining of hospitality companies have been based on consumer comments from blogs and/or social media feeds. Yet, applying a sentiment analysis approach to analyzing hospitality employee comments has yet to be attempted in academic research.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic review of previous works to facilitate potential new areas where more deep research is needed. This study, therefore, conducts a systematic literature review to facilitate the development of geoeconomic and geopolitical theory development and uncover new areas for future research. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This study conducts a systematic review of previous works to facilitate theory development and uncover new areas where more deep research is needed. Geoeconomics theory is used to run a more profound and comprehensive analysis of China-Pakistan economic relationship as geoeconomic theory includes interrelations of geographical, location, geopolitical and economic factors in international relations. Geoeconomic theory, as a foreign policy strategy, refers to the use of economic theory to facilitate the implementation of foreign policy. The study finds that Gwadar Port enjoys a very geostrategic position in the region as it is located near the significant sea trade routes, choking the throat of several important maritime routes from Africa, Europe via the Red Sea, the Strait of Hormuz, the Persian Gulf to East Asia and the Pacific. Despite the opportunities, there are also challenges for the implementation of the projects in Pakistan. The difficulties which scholars have identified to impede successful accomplishments of CPEC are both internal and external. This study is the first of its kind to conduct a systematic review of previous works to facilitate potential new areas where more deep research is needed. This study is also one of the first attempts to use geoeconomics theory in the context of CPEC.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and understand the importance level and the satisfaction level of students with regard to a number of measurement items related to English medium instruction (EMI) in shipping and maritime courses before conducting factor and cluster analysis on the findings. A total of 123 students participated on the EMI course in the year studied, all were from Taiwan and aged between 18 and 22, and from this group, 121 effective questionnaires were gathered. The students were studying at undergraduate level, and most were studying Transportation Management, although some were studying Aerospace and System Engineering, Foreign Language and Literature or Finance. They were mostly first year undergraduates although students from later years also participated. Also, expert stakeholders teaching EMI, teaching English or working as shipping operators were interviewed to gather their perceptions and to contextualize the quantitative findings. In this paper, the authors use the mathematical approach of IPA (Martills and James, 1977) and qualitative interviews (Qu and Dumay, 2011). The results show that the importance and satisfaction levels of students are similar across the 20 measurement items, and that students are equally satisfied with the overall performance of EMI in shipping and maritime courses. However, there are some aspects of the EMI course that are perceived to be more important than others, and these are grouped into four quadrants as "I - Concentrate here", "II - Keep up the good work", "III - Low priority" and "IV - Possible overkill". This paper is the first to use the mathematical approach of IPA to identify and understand the importance level and the satisfaction level of students with regard to a number of measurement items related to EMI in shipping courses.
The purpose of this paper is to critically evaluate the impact that the Maritime Labour Convention ("MLC 2006") has on the welfare of Greek seafarers who normally work onboard Greek merchant ships; in detail, it aims: to evaluate the existing legal framework for seafarers' welfare; to assess the role of the government and shipping companies in safeguarding MLC 2006 standards relating to seafarer welfare; and to examine the compliance with MLC2006 in Greece, and to identify the problems and deficiencies in safeguarded seafarer's welfare. This paper is based on an empirical case study of Greece, which is one of the largest ship owning and controlling nations in the world, with a market share of 17.3%, with 774 ships registered under its national flag and 3,597 registered in foreign flags (UNCTAD, 2018). In total, 30,920 Greek seafarers, who normally work onboard Greek merchant ships, participated in this study. This paper finds that, although there is a shortage of the supply of labour of Greek seafarers, Greek shipping companies try to offer them some concessions to keep the supply stable. However, this is not a primary objective of these companies in some cases and can be sacrificed, and consequently, this gives rise to Greek seafarer dissatisfaction. Even if there have been signs of improvement in seafarers' welfare after the entry into force of MLC 2006, the Greek government, as well as shipping companies, have avoided intensifying their efforts due to opportunistic attitude and depressed market tone since the financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic at present. This paper is the first empirical case study of seafarers' welfare in Greece, which has been conducted since the entry into force of MLC 2006 in 2013. The findings and suggestions revealed from this paper are of importance for the shipping industry and other states.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the preferences of potential cruisers toward cruise tourism in Japan and identify the factors influencing their participation in cruise tourism. The data are collected by means of the stated preference (SP) method with the application of a web-based questionnaire. Multiple answers are collected from each respondent. Hence, panel effects between answers are considered so as to obtain a robust model. The results show that shorter cruise trip duration and lower prices increase the possibility of participation in cruise tourism. In addition, inclusion of Nagasaki and Hong Kong as destinations is effective for those of working age. For those of retirees, their main reason for not participating in cruise Tourism is unavailability of air transportation. As for segmentation by working age and retirees, there are more positive intentions to participate in cruiseTourism among younger generations compared to younger generations. This study is one of the first to analyze the preferences of potential cruisers toward cruise tourism in the Japanese cruise market using a behavioral model.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of blue economy factors on economic growth in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries (SAARC) countries. This study uses a panel data set of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries (SAARC) countries for the period from 1990 to 2018. The authors use the panel data approach to estimate the impact of the blue economy factors on economic growth. The results of the study show that the blue economy factors have a positive and significant impact on economic growth in the SAARC countries. The results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between GDP per capita and the level of blue economy in the South Asian countries. This study represents an attempt to highlight the trajectory from the blue economy to economic growth for the South Asian countries under consideration. This is the first study to examine the impact of blue economy factors on economic growth in the SAARC countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run relationship between fish production, marine trade balance and foreign direct investment (FDI) in Oman. In this study, the authors are trying to answer if fish productions have a long- run impact on the marine tradebalance, and does ongoing growth of fish production in Oman attract FDI. This study uses the Engle-Granger cointegration methodology to estimate the long-run relationship between fish production, marine trade balance and foreign direct investment in Oman. For testing the impact of fish production on FDI inflow, the authors found that the model fails to give any evidence if there is a long-run relationship between fish production and FDI. This result is supported as the FDI in Oman mainly concentrates on the oil sector and not sufficiently for the marine industry. On the other hand, in equation (2), the response to shocks is very fast, that if the system is going to receive a shock, it will return to equilibrium within less than two periods, and we find that a one per cent change in fish production will react negatively with marine trade balance in Oman by 1.9%. In addition to that, the short-run elasticity about to be perfect but negative as well. The previous result was not surprising as developing the fish production industry requires developing infrastructure, fishing vessels and other equipment and tools, despite fish production experienced significant growth in Oman during the period under study, but this development demanded new technologies, which in most cases This study spotlights on the marine sector and its impact on Omani economy, the main objectives in this article are to infer if there is any long-run relationship between fish production and marine trade balance from one side and fishProduction and foreign direct investment on the other hand. In this study, the authors are trying to answer if fish productions have a long- run impact on the Marine Trade Balance, and does ongoing growth of fish production in Oman attract FDI.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the root causes of port state controls (PSC) detentions in the Black Sea Region based on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the help of a strategic management approach. The study analyzes valid records of 2,653 detained ship with 6,374 deficiencies based on a strategic management approach. This paper sets up FTA technique to assess detention probability of a random ship which calls the Black Sea Region with the help of detention lists published within subject years. Interrelationships of deficiencies and frequency calculations are conducted by using FTA method. With help of probability theory, the likelihood/frequency of detention probability is assessed from the published records of the BS MoU. This study enlightens the most recorded deficiencies and analyzed them with the help of fault three method. These calculated frequencies/probabilities show the most seen nonconformities and the root causes of detentions in the Black Sea Region in which those results will be benefited strategically that enables a holistic point of view. This study is one of the first attempts to apply FTA method to analyze the root causes of the detentions in the Black Sea Region. This study is designed to provide a solid base to the field and to figure out the root cause of thedetentions. The results will be benefited strategically that enables a holistic point of view.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the perspectives of Korean logistics companies and shippers that use multimodal transportation via the Trans-Siberian Railway (TSR) for effective Northern Logistics. This study adopted the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and Fuzzy AHP (FAHP) methods to investigate multimodal transportation systems that use TSR from the perspective of Korean logistics companies in practice. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from logistics companies and shippers that operate multimodality transportation via TSR. The data were analyzed using the AHP and FAHP methods. The results of the study indicate that the main strengths, weaknesses, threats and opportunities (SWOT) of the proposed multimodal transport system are: political strategy, energy, productivity, productivity management and investment. In addition, the SWOT analysis shows that the strategic importance of the Northern Logistics route for Korean logistics companies and shippers is high. However, there is a need for the development of a more comprehensive multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) model to determine the optimal intermodal transport route. This study is one of the first to investigate multimodal transportation via TSR from the perspective of Korean logistics companies in practice. The findings of this study can be used by logistics companies and shippers to improve their decision-making process in order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their multimodals.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the major inland logistics service attributes in Chinese landlocked regions from the customers' perspective. This study aims to identify the accurate priorities for improving the types of inland logistics services attributes. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the respondents in Shanxi and Sichuan provinces in China. The data were analyzed using the importance-performance analysis (IPA) model to identify the priorities for improving the inland logistics service attributes. An IPA model was used to replace the "performance variable" variable with a dissatisfaction attitude index (DA) index to determine the priorities in improving inland logistics services. The results indicate that the most important inland logistics service attributes for Chinese landlocked regions are: reliable shipping and direct foreign direct investments; efficient and reliable inland transportation; and a wide range of product offerings. In addition, the results show that the shipper's perceived dissatisfaction with the inland logistics services can be replaced by a dissatisfaction attitude (DA) index to determine the priorities for improving inland logistics attributes. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first to identify the key inland logistics service attributes in Chinese landlocked regions from the customers' perspective. This study is also the first attempt to use the IPA model to determine the priorities for improving inland logistics services in China.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the direct and spillover effects of liner shipping connectivity on merchandise trade. The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) created a liner shippingconnectivity index (LSCI) to measure each country's shipping connections to the global maritime transport network. The LSCIs provide an annual, comprehensive and timely account of this connectivity worldwide. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The authors used the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development's liner shipping connectivity index (LSCI) for 157 coastal economies and territories in 2016 to estimate the direct and spillover effects. The authors applied the standard gravity model to determine the relationship between imports/exports flow and LSCI from a national perspective. The results show that liner shipping connectivity has a direct and spillover effect on merchandise trade in both the export and import sides of the value chain. In addition, the authors find that the positive relationship between liner Shipping Connectivity Index (LSCI) and imports/exports flow is stronger in developed economies than in developing economies. This is the first study to examine the direct and spillover effects of liner shipping connectivity on merchandise trade from a national perspective. This study contributes to a better understanding of the dynamics of port productivity, which is important for infrastructure planning and other strategic decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, collaborative decision-making and logistics service performance for container shipping firms based on organizational information processing theory. Based on organizational information processing theory (OIPT), this study proposes a conceptual model to investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, collaborative decision-making and logistics service performance for container shipping firms. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data, and structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that collaborative decision-making has a significant positive impact on logistics service performance for container shipping firms. Moreover, information integration and supply chain collaboration have a positive effect on collaborative decision making, which in turn has a positive influence on logistics services performance. In addition, the results also show that information integration has a mediating effect on the relationship between collaborative decisionmaking and logistics service performances. To the best of the authors' knowledge, with the exception of Jimenez-Jimenez et al.'s work, few studies have examined the antecedent and impact of collaborative decision-making for container shipping firms. Thus, this study aims to empirically investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, supply chain collaboration, collaborative decision making and logistics service performance.
The purpose of this paper is to measure and compare the productivity of major shipyards in China, South Korea and Japan. Additionally, the technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in these three countries are measured and compared. This study uses a metafrontier framework to measure the productivity of 21 major shipyards in China, South Korea and Japan. The technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in these three countries are also measured and compared. The results indicate that major shipyards in Japan and South Korea had better scores than shipyards In China in contemporaneous productivity in 2014 and 2015. The technology gap between these three countries and Japan held the leading position in 2014 but was replaced by South Korea in 2015. Notably, the difference in TGR scores between South Korea and Japan was nonsignificant, but significance was proven between China and the other two countries. Among the three countries, China ranked third in productivity change, with a strong average score of MMPI in the period 2014-2015. The contribution of this study is threefold. First, few studies in the literature have investigated the productivity of shipyards and this is the first study to use a metafrontier framework. Second, among the top three countries in the global shipbuilding industry, China held the leading position in 2014 but was replaced by South Korea and Japan in 2015. Third, the technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in shipyards in China, South Korea, and Japan are compared.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationships between port aesthetics, destination image, tourist satisfaction and tourist loyalty in the case of harbor cruise tourism. This study developed and validated a measurement instrument of perceived port aesthetics using structural equation modeling. Data were collected from a convenience sample of tourists who had visited Hong Kong's harbor cruise industry. The results show that port aesthetics has a positive effect on destination image, tourist satisfaction and tourist loyalty. The mediating roles of destination image and tourist satisfaction in the relationship between port aesthetics and customer loyalty are confirmed. This study contributes to the literature on tourist behavior by highlighting the effects of aesthetics and destination image in explaining customer satisfaction and the loyalty of tourists in harbor tourism. Although previous studies have recommended the importance of destination image and tourist satisfaction, few studies have empirically developed a model intended to measure port aesthetics and distinctly interpret its effects on tourist satisfaction and loyalty. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this research is the first to examine the link between port aesthetic and tourist loyalty.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a framework and identify the attributes that influence cruise ship sustainable consumption (SC) practices, such that the sustainable performance of cruise lines can be enhanced. This study contributes to the literature by offering a hierarchical framework for SC literature and confirming the role of this issue in improving the cruise industry sustainability. A hybrid method combining the Delphi method and a fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) is used to seek a valid and reliable hierarchical framework for analyzing SC attributes, as well as for the evaluation of driver attributes for cruise ship performance improvements. The results show that the proposed hierarchical framework is valid and reliable and can be used to identify the attributes that influence cruise ship SC, such that the sustainable performance of cruise lines can be enhanced. The SC is indicated by the mutual level, not just by a single element that the harmful magnitudes of untenable consumption can be alleviated. This study contributes to the literature by offering a hierarchical framework for SC literature and confirming the role of this issue in improving the cruise industry sustainability. In practice, such results provide key attributes for successful performance improvements.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a regression model for estimating the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the container-to-yard arrangement (YAP) for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal. The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly between main routes and feeder services at a terminal. The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal. The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the seaside operations at marine container terminals with a primary focus on the berth scheduling problem (BSP). The BSP is a decision problem, in which the arriving vessels have to be assigned to the available berthing positions, and the order of vessel service has to be determined for each berthing position. The population of candidate solutions to the problem of interest, initialized in the island-based metaheuristic, is divided into several sub-populations to establish a set of islands. Each sub-population is assigned a separate Metaheuristic algorithm, including the evolutionary algorithm, particle swarm optimization (PSO), particle swarm estimation of distribution, evolutionary evolutionary algorithm (EA), differential evolution algorithm (EDA), and differential evolution (DEA). Each island deploys a unique set of operators, which is expected to facilitate the search process for superior solutions and improve the quality of berth schedules. The results of the numerical experiments show that the proposed UIMA is superior to the alternative algorithms in terms of computational time, computational efficiency, and the quality of the berth schedules. This study contributes to the literature by developing an innovative universal island-based metaheuristic algorithm, in which the population of candidate solutions to the problem of interest is divided into four sub-populations (which are also referred to as "islands"). The proposed UIMA deploys a unique set of operators, which is expected to facilitate the search process for solutions and improve the quality of berth schedules.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the evaluation of average performance measures under queuing phenomena by means of analytical methods. The suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas are worthy of investigation. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The authors focus on the evaluation of average performance measures under queuing phenomena by means of analytical methods. The suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas are worthy of investigation. The consideration of about 40 years of research results obtained in other application domains appears to be the first step to be taken. The results show the suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas. This paper is the first attempt to use analytical queuing approximations to provide an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas by means of analytical methods.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas, and propose both the possibility and the necessity of establishing a multimodal transportation system through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey and the modal splits model. The current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas is analyzed through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey, and the modal splits model is used to analyze the demand of the multimodal transportation system. From the analyses, it can be induced that there is a great deal of trade transportation demand between China and Koreas. At present, almost all cargos are transported by waterway, but this kind of transportation pattern is not reasonable. With the increasingly stable political environment and the physical highway and railway connections, the transportation network consisting of multi-modes especially the surface modes becomes possible. From the survey on the companies in China, it is found that shippers need the multimodal transportation system, and many shippers will select road and rail if suitable road or rail transportation is available, and market share of sea transportation would be thus largely reduced. Especially, between China, South Korea and North Korea, the road, rail and sea transportation may be used evenly, while the road transportation may play a more important role in the trade transportation. The major contribution is made in analyzing the current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas, and proposing both the possibility and the necessity of establishing a multimodal transportation system through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey and the modal splits model.
The purpose of this paper is to provide the first insights in the decision making process regarding market share for grains and the optimal utilization of the Panama Canal system. The ensuing logit model developed for this research could be used to understand the odds of grains vessel originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama canal and will be part of the discussion regarding future market share of grains at the waterway. This study attempts to fit a logit model for dry bulkers transporting grains through the Panama Canal versus alternative routes destined to East Asia, originating on the US Gulf and East Coast, pursuing to identify relationships with several explanatory variables, such as total Panama Canal costs, transit draft, Canal Water Time, bunker price and timecharter rates. The logit model shows that the probability of grains originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama Canal is significantly lower than that originating from the US East Coast and Gulf and mostly the Cape of Good Hope as the main alternative bypass route. In addition, the model also shows that total Panama Canal costs, including pure tolls and other charges, transit draft, Canal Water Time, bunker price and timecharter rates are the most important attributes considered in the decision by a carrier/vessel operator to use either the Panama canal route or alternative bypass routes for grains. This paper provides the first insights in the decision making process regarding market share for grains and the optimal utilization of the Panama Canal system. The ensuing logit model developed for this research could be used to understand the odds of grains vessel originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama canal and will be part of the discussion regarding future market share of grains at the waterway.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision support tool (DST) for the deployment of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) fleet, which will support the decision maker on a tactical level. More specifically, the objective is to optimally deploy an LNG fleet from the scope of the shipowner, assigning vessels to most favourable contracts that service cargoes for trade routes between liquefaction and regasification terminals. The DST is designed to include as input data a variety of technical parameters regarding the export/liquefaction and import/regasification terminals and the vessels. All those components of the midstream LNG supply chain may be combined in numerous configurations under specific constraints imposed to the objective function, at the core of the mathematical model. The case study presented in the current paper has validated the functionality of the proposed model with the use of realistic input data. The case study presented in the current paper has validated the functionality of the proposed model with the use of realistic input data. As demonstrated, the DST is able to provide an optimal deployment solution to a tramp shipping company that operates LNGCs under long-term contracts, minimizing operational expenses in the form of contract assignment to each vessel in the fleet. Specifically, the results demonstrated the deployment of the fleet on specific trade routes providing the total operational cost minimum. The DST fulfilled its ambition to support the tactical planning of midstream LNG supply chain, with its results being available to the owner to evaluate options for his fleet. The DST can be used to support the tactical planning of midstream LNG supply chains, with its results being available to the shipowner to evaluate options for his fleet. The owner may then offer a competitive charter rate for each vessel aligned with its total operational cost.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potentials of autonomous surface ships (MASS) in the maritime industry and to identify the legal issues that need to be addressed by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) for their safe operation. This paper is based on a review of the literature and case studies of the autonomous surface ships (MASS) in the marine industry. It also reviews the legal issues that need to be addressed by IMO. This paper has demonstrated the potentials of unmanned vessels and its competitive advantages over existing cargo ships. Besides its contribution to reduce fatigue and workload of navigating officers, the improvement of navigational safety by eliminating human errors and reduction of harmful exhaust emission can make shipping safer and more sustainable. However, as the technology is still under development, it is too early for a final evaluation. As for Hong Kong, the maritime traffic density in the waters of Hong Kong is high and the traffic patterns in Hong Kong are also complex. The present legal frameworks are also hurdles for unmanned ship operation. This paper has demonstrated the potentials of unmanned vessels and its competitive advantages over existing cargo ships. Besides its contribution to reduce fatigue and workload of navigating officers, the improvement of navigational safety by eliminating human errors and reduction of harmful exhaust emission can make shipping safer and more sustainable. However, as the technology is still under development, it is too early for a final evaluation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine performance change across Irish ports and identify the internal and external drivers that have influenced performance change over time. A mixed methods case study approach is adopted to analyse performance change over time. Here productivity, profitability and traffic shift-share growth are measured for selected ports within the state-owned port system. Qualitative sources are then referenced to contextualise the change in observed productivity in terms of external environmental and internal managerial factors that influenced the changes in observed performance. It is clear from the analysis that performance was majorly effected by the macro-economic changes of the 2000-2016 period. Through the in-depth case study, it is clear that performance change has been influenced by a combination of external environmental and internal managerial factors that have influenced the change in observed performance. The paper provides the first formal evaluation of performance change in the Irish port sector since the implementation of the Harbours Act 1996-2000. It is the first academic review of Irish port performance since Mangan and Cunningham (2000).
The purpose of this paper is to study the governing regulations on shipping conferences in Taiwan along with investigating the evolution of EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the European Union (EU) to repeal conference system; in addition, am empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference system. This paper adopts a qualitative research approach to investigate the EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the EU to repeal the conference system; in addition, an empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference systems in Taiwan. The results of the empirical study show that the European Union (EU) has repealed the block exemption for liner shipping conferences in Taiwan. The reason for creating liner conferences was to restore profitability and control predatory and cut-throat competition in liner shipping. In the latter half of the 1800s, the widespread introduction of steam propulsion greatly increased the effective supply of shipping services; then, fierce competition took place out of excess capacity. Many factors jointly determine how a conference operates, such as the amount of tonnage on the route and the relative strength of each company, quantity and type of cargo on the routes, variety of nationalities involved, length of the route, and government's intervention. This paper is one of the first empirical studies to study the governing regulations on shipping conferences in Taiwan along with investigating the evolution of EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the EU to repeal conference system; in addition, am empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference system.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between institutions and transportation infrastructure, and to quantify the role of transportation in mediating the effect of institutions on average income. The authors develop a model and empirically test it by applying both the institutional theory and the factor-mobility theory. The authors argue that the development of transportation infrastructure has direct and/or indirect (mediating) effects on the average income per person and on business performance in an economy. Furthermore, the authors estimate the mediating effect of transportation in mediating the effect of institutions on average income. The authors find that the development of transportation infrastructure has direct and/or indirect (mediating) effects on the average income per person and on business performance in an economy. The attribute of "transportation infrastructure" enhances the interactions among institutional attributes and the mobility of those factors or attributes. The authors shift the argument that economic performance is at least in part a result of institutional aspects and transportation infrastructure from an isolated view to a more complementary approach. The attribute of "transportation infrastructure" enhances the interactions among institutional attributes and the mobility of those factors or attributes.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systematic review of risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry and an analysis of the effectiveness of the identified strategies. This paper aims to address the following research questions: What are the potential strategies that can mitigate risk in container shipping operations? What strategy(ies) is (are) the most important to be addressed? A literature review was conducted to identify risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry. A set of interviews and two questionnaire surveys were conducted to investigate the effectiveness of these strategies. The fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method was used to rank the strategies according to their overall effectiveness and to identify the most important strategies. The results show that the top six strategies include "form alliances with other shipping companies", "use more advanced infrastructures (hardware and software)", "choose more carefully", "enter into long-enter-strategy partnerships", "formal alliances" and "use advanced infrastructure" to reduce financial loss, while the other four strategies are not ranked according to their overall effectiveness. This study attempts to provide a systematic review of risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry and an analysis of the effectiveness of the identified strategies. This study adopts the structure of risk consequence proposed by Chang et al. (2014, 2015, 2016), which presents a relatively comprehensive list of consequences relating to the shipping environment.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the magnitude of additional empty container movements (AECM) arising from seasonality in full container movements in Turkish terminals. First, the magnitude of additional empty container movements (AECM) is calculated on the basis of TEU and then compared with AECM of each container terminal located in Turkey. Second, the importance of market effect has been inquired. Third, seasonal adjustment methods have been used to detect seasonal signals. First, the magnitude of AECM is calculated on the basis of TEU and then compared with that of each container terminal located in Turkey. Second, the importance of market effect has been inquired. The results show that market effect is one of the major operational drivers of ECM in Turkish container terminals. Third, seasonal seasonality in full container movements is found to be a major reason for ECM. This study is one of the first attempts to analyse the magnitude of ECM arising from seasonal seasonality in full container movements in container transportation in Turkey.
The purpose of this paper is to address the problem of routing a fixed number of private trucks with limited capacity from a central warehouse to customers with known demand and time windows. The objective is to develop a heuristic algorithm to route the private trucks and to make a selection of less-than-truckload carriers by minimizing a total cost function. In this paper, a heuristic algorithm is developed to solve the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and outside carrier selection. The proposed algorithm is based on Tabu Search and Genetic Algorithm. The algorithm is solved by iteratively searching the solution space to find the best solution. The results show that the proposed heuristic algorithm outperforms the exact method and the Tabu Genetic Algorithm in solving the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and outside carrier selection. In addition, the results indicate that the heuristic method is more efficient than the exact methods in the case of larger instances. This paper presents a heuristic algorithm to solve the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and to make a selection of less-than-truckload carriers.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the implication of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective on the cargo ship profitability, capacity, and speed in the tramp shipping. A mathematical model and the solution methodology developed by El Noshokaty is used to optimize a stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective for the time-variable ship voyage. It also applies sensitivity and what-if analysis if there are any possible changes that might happen to cargo quantity and freight, cargo handling rate and charges, and ship speed and fuel consumption. The same analysis is used when the stoChastic cargo transport demand can't be anticipated. A case study is given to demonstrate a possible magnitude of the implication of the stochastically gross-profits per day objective. A case study is given to demonstrate a possible magnitude of the implication of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective in the tramp shipping. The paper uses the same mathematical model and the solution methodology developed by El Noshokaty, 2017a, 2017b. This paper opens the discussion widely about applying the concept of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective to all systems which have a time-variable operational cycle or systems which can employ different mixes of factors of production. The former systems are by definition spend different times in each operational cycle while the latter systems spend different time while using each mix of factors-of-production. Either type of systems may be found in single, decoupled and coupled entities.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effect of China's potential domestic emission control area (DECA) with a 0.1 per cent sulphur limit on sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions from ships. This study uses a two-stage approach. First, a model is developed to estimate the effect of China's potential domestic emission control area (DECA) with 0.1% sulphur limit on SO2 emissions from ships. Second, the model is applied to the proposed DECA. The model is based on the model developed by Smith et al. (2014). The proposed DECA with a 0.1 per cent sulphur limit would reduce the SO2 emissions from ships by more than 80 per cent compared to the current 3.5 per cent global limit, which is more than 70 per cent lower than the current European Union (EU) and North American (USA and Canada) limits. However, this reduction is not uniform across the whole territorial waters of the People's Republic of China. This study is one of the first to estimate the impact of China's potential domestic DECA with 0.1% sulphur limit on SO2 emissions. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the establishment of new DECAs in other developing countries. It can also be used by the governments of developed countries to establish their own DECAs.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential of Malaysian seaports to become a hub for tourism activity. Four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysianseaport to be hub for tourist activities. Four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysian seaports to be a hub for tourism activities. The four main components are: underutilised berths, inter-port cooperation between commercial seapport and cruise terminals, the existence of intra- Region economic corridor which consists of northern, central, central and central and east coast economic corridor and the development of inter- Region Economic Corridor. This paper has revealed the potential of Malaysian seaports to become hub for tourism activity. Therefore, four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysianseaport to be hub for seapport tourism. This paper is the first of its kind to explore the potential of Malaysian seaports as a hub for tourism activities. The findings of this paper can be used as a guide for the development of seaport tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to present a framework aiming at measuring the perceptions of port users - such as shipping companies - on port performance. With port users' perceptions being the missing link in port performance measuring tools, the paper suggests a framework that can lead to a comprehensive approach. A typology of elements that shape port users' perceptions has been developed with an eye on capturing the peculiarities of different port markets. Based on this typology a tool for assessing users' perspectives, and subsequently for evaluating any given port, is developed. As port evaluation is a case-sensitive issue, the tool provides port authorities the flexibility they need for a customized approach. The tool has been applied on a group of European seaports. The results of the pilot phase reveal several drawbacks in port performance elements in the participating ports, especially for the container port market, the bulk port market and the dry port market. The proposed tool can be a valuable add-on for port authorities to evaluate their performance from the port users' point of view and take necessary actions to improve it. The paper presents a framework aiming at measuring the perceptions of port users - such as shipping companies - on port performance. With port users' perceptions being the missing link in port performance measuring tools, the paper suggests a framework that can lead to a comprehensive approach. The paper discusses both the findings of the field research and the application perspectives of this tool, unveiling barriers, advantages and disadvantages of this process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the challenges of creating and implementing standardisation in European intermodal transport chains. The authors focus on the role of standardisation for interoperability, quality and safety, which leads to better performance. This study combines a literature review and an empirical part based on desk research and interviews. The empirical part is based on interviews with experts in the field of intermodal transport in Europe. The findings show potential for the use of standards in three main areas of intermodal transport: infrastructure, loading units and information exchange. The interviewees argue that official European standards are needed. In fact, however, transport standardisation is shifting to standards on a world-wide level. But the market has not yet discovered such standards. This study is among the handful papers to go one level deeper into the subject of standardisation in intermodal transportation. It combines a literature review and an empirical part based on desk research and interviews. The findings show potential for the use of standards in three main areas of inter modal transport: infrastructure, loading units and information exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors which add value and enhance the attractiveness of the maritime cluster of the port of Piraeus in Greece. The paper proposes a robust framework for measuring the attractiveness and performance of a maritime cluster with the use of a Maritime Cluster Performance Index. A cluster attractiveness index was developed based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of the port of Piraeus' maritime cluster members. The index was then used to identify the factors which add value and enhance the cluster's performance. In addition, a cluster performance analysis was carried out to identify factors which enhance the attractiveness of the cluster. The results show that the Maritime Cluster Attractiveness Index (MCAI) is a reliable and valid instrument for measuring the attractiveness of a cluster. The results also indicate that the cluster's attractiveness is positively influenced by the number of universities and research institutions in the cluster. Moreover, the MCAI is also found to have a positive impact on the performance of the cluster in terms of economic growth, innovation and competitiveness. This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a robust framework for measuring the attractiveness of a maritime cluster with the use of a performance index. The proposed index can be used by policy makers and practitioners to identify the factors which add value and enhance the cluster's performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the liability of the shipper for mis-declaration of cargo details such as weight, number and quality of cargoes stuffed in the container in the context of inland container transportation laws in the USA. The paper also attempts to identify the various arguments which will further enhance the general standards of container security if inland container security laws are amended. The paper is based on a review of the existing laws and regulations governing the inland container transportation process in the USA. The paper also reviews the legal provisions governing the liability of the carrier and the shipper for mis-declaration of cargo details. The paper finds that the liability of a carrier for the safe carriage of goods rendered in his custody by the shipper commences from the time the cargo is stuffed inside the container and the container is sealed by the carrier until the time it is de-stuffed and delivered to the consignee. This responsibility of the carrier is governed by the terms and conditions stated in The Hague/Hague Visby Rules as the case may be. According to these Rules, a carrier is responsible for safe carriage and hence he is liable to the holder of the bill of lading for loss or damage which is however limited to a certain amount mentioned in the limitation of liability clause. However, according to The Hague or The Hague Visby rules, the carrier does not legally obliged to verify the contents of the cargo whose details are stated in the B/L. The carrier invariably mentions under the column "Cargo Details" either said to contain [...] or shipper's load stow and count. By using This paper will help in enhancing the general standards of container security if inland container transportation laws are amended. For instance, it will definitely help in identification of precise risks carried by the specific stakeholders at the time where failure of the container security is breached. It will go a long way in increasing the transparency of the entire transportation process.
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) has been very active in formulating regulations in an effort to minimize pollution released from ships either in the marine environment or in the atmosphere. A regulation focusing on the sulfur emissions has been introduced by the IMO and will be put into force on January 1, 2020. The global sulfur cap, as the regulation is called, will limit the sulfur content of the fuel used for vessels' propulsion to 0.5 per cent. This regulation is part of ANNEX VI of the MARPOL convention: Regulations for the Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of the sulfur cap on the shipping industry. The study is based on the results of a fuel availability study that was conducted by CE Delft (2016). The aim of the study was to assess the ability of the refining industry to produce enough low sulfur fuel for the shipping industry that could cover the demand once the regulations are set in force. Alternative methods of compliance were taken into account for the calculations of the expected demand of compliant fuel in 2020. The study examined three scenarios of the fuel demand, a base case, a high-demand case for marine fuels with sulfur content less than 0.5 per cent and a low- demand case in which more ships will be equipped with alternative compliance options and less are going to use low sulfur fuels. The results of the study show that the shipping industry has enough time to adapt the production to the new requirements of the global sulfur cap. In addition, it was found that more ships will be equipped with alternative compliance options and less are going to use low sulfur fuel in 2020. This is the first study to analyze the impact of the implementation of the global sulfur cap on the shipping industry. The results of this study can be used by the IMO to decide on the enforcement date of the sulfur cap.
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is that portion of a land-based constituent of "Belt and Road Initiative" (BRI) strategy which connects its oceanic routes at the point of Gwadar Port in southern Pakistan. It is situated at a strategic location where the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road (MSR) and Silk Road Economic Belt (SREB) connect. Therefore, it may be regarded as a key project of the BRI. Some of the international analysts regarded CPEC as a "game changer" for the region. However, this strategic rationale is a noteworthy challenge for Pakistan and China. Since then, Pakistan Navy has initiated its strategic missions such as its Special Task Force-88 (The CPEC Bulletin, 2017). As maritime traffic-flow through the Gwadars Port is anticipated to increase significantly, eventually maritime security is a dependent variable for the success of CPEC project. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a review of the available literature. It is a qualitative study. The authors have adopted a case study approach to explore the CPEC-Gwadar Port security. The findings of this paper reveal that CPEC is an emerging architecture of economic development. At the same time, it has various challenges including poverty, the terrorism-security threat for the Chinese labour force in Pakistan, ethnonationalism and growing radicalisation. The Chinese vision for the developments of its friendly neighbour such as Pakistan through infrastructure developments concerning trade and industry would bring Pakistan in a cable position to face these challenges. Subsequently, international crimes including human trafficking, piracy, maritime terrorism and other cyber-related crimes around the Indian Ocean, which may mess up international commercial transactions, leading to economic failure, can be coped up to sufficient extent. The aforementioned has led Pakistan's priorities to strengthen its maritime security governance to tackle these problems. CPEC includes a large number of development projects within Pakistan (Bhattacharjee, 2017). Since the official announcement of the mega project of CPEC, China is greatly assisting Pakistan for sustainable usage of its marine resources. China is proposing to approach the Middle This paper is the first of its kind in the context of CPEC and maritime security collaboration in Pakistan and China. It is also the first attempt to study the CPEC-Gwadar Port joint venture from a maritime security perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the potential for utilising the internalisation of external costs as an appropriate policy instrument to contribute to the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from freight transport. The analysis is based on an extensive literature review of the Swedish case, as well as the results of a survey of Swedish ports. The analysis is conducted in two steps. First, the authors analyse the existing infrastructure fees and taxes based on marginal external costs that are already applied or under discussion for all modes of freight transport in Sweden. Second, they analyse the potential for the internalisation of these costs via the introduction of new fees. The authors find that the internalisation of external costs via existing fees has the greatest probability to be implemented in situations where modal shifts require substantial infrastructure investments; in ports with congestion in the hinterland; and in publicly owned ports. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that analyses the potential for the internalisation of external costs via existing fees as an appropriate policy instrument to contribute to the reduction of GHG emissions from freight transport.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a global review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the abatement of shipping emissions to air. This paper also aims to identify and classify these measures and policies. This paper is based on an extensive literature review of the various policies, incentives and measures that have been adopted by inter-governmental organizations, regional and national institutions and private associations for the reduction of shipping emissions to air. The review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the reduction of shipping emissions to air reveals that there are a wide variety of policies and incentives adopted by inter-governmental organizations, regional and national public institutions, private associations and the shipping industry for the abatement of air pollution from international shipping. This is the first comprehensive review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the abatement of shipping emissions to air. It is also the first attempt to identify and classify these measures, policies and measures in a global perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of legal compliance on compliance costs with maritime environmental legislation as part of a more comprehensive research project on compliance cost effects. The commercial shipping industry is characterised by increased possibilities to avoid regulation via moving assets that may easily be relocated to other jurisdictions, varying levels of enforcement of international rules in port states, global commons in the form of international waters where enforcement is hardly possible, at times colliding interests between flag and port states with regard to environmental protection and offering low-cost solutions to shippers and a generally secretive and fragmented nature. A model of compliance determinants is developed inductively from qualitative data analysis and a review of prior studies. Empirical testing is done with data from 120 questionnaires distributed to owners and operators of commercial vessels in the North and Baltic Sea area. Study results show that organisational capacities of a shipping company, particularly available time to collect and apprehend legal information, a strong network with other companies and membership in an industry association, are statistically significant and positively correlated with increased levels of compliance with maritime environmental legislation. All other constructs that were developed from expert interviews and prior studies could not be found to have statistically significant effects. This research is relevant in providing a consolidated, consequentially organised model of compliance determinants of compliance for the shipping industry based on prior studies, qualitative content analysis of primary interview data and statistical analyses of primary questionnaire data. Special considerations applicable to the shippingindustry are explored, and the model developed stands as a first to empirically test determinant of compliance behaviour with maritime environmental legislation.
Business process management (BPM) is a relatively new management discipline which includes activities to identify, design, execute, document, measure, monitor, control and promote improvements in an organization's processes and consequently effectively meet business objectives. The purpose of this paper is to examine the application of BPM, defined as the discipline discipline of strengthening organizational performance via procedural modeling, re-engineering and cross-organizational (holistic) performance monitoring, in the port sector. This paper is part of a broader research effort to develop a BPM methodological framework for the port sector. The multidimensional nature of the topic dictates the necessity to obtain a holistic view of existing knowledge, focusing on the three thematic areas: process management at ports and maritime logistics; port electronic platforms; and port performance. In this context, this paper seeks to answer three key research questions: Has the potential application of BPM been researched in the portsector? Can electronic data interchange (EDI) platforms be utilized to discover and improve port processes? Do current port performance evaluation approaches incorporate the procedural factor? The review revealed that current literature does not examine the application of BPM in the port sector, defined as the discipline of strengthening organizational performance via procedural modeling, re-engineering and cross-organizational (holistic) performance monitoring, in the context of the port and maritime logistics sector. Sporadic research has been conducted in the areas of process mining, modeling and re-engineered processes, while port electronic data interchange platforms have been utilized to discover and improve port processes. This paper is part of a broader research effort to develop a BPM methodological framework for the port sector. The multidimensional nature of the topic dictates the necessity to obtain a holistic view of existing knowledge, focusing on the three thematic areas: process management at ports and maritime logistics; port electronic platforms; and port performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the sources of efficiency changes at 23 major Asian container ports for the period from 2000 to 2007 and to decompose the sources into technical, scale and technological efficiency gains. This study estimates the overall efficiency changes at 23 major Asian container ports for the period from 2000 to 2007. It also decomposes the sources of such changes into purely technical, scale and technological efficiency gains by using the Malmquist index equation from Estache et al. (2004). Overall, these ports have improved their efficiency by 14.3 per cent with improvement in technical and scale efficiency but with deterioration in technological development. The port of Hong Kong seems to underperform in all aspects investigated. This study is the first attempt to investigate the sources of efficiency changes at Asian container ports along the Silk Road Economic Belt. It also provides valuable insights for port authorities and operators to devise strategies to improve their efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal moored areas to reduce the illegal transferring of private moorings to reduce illegal transferring and subletting. This study proposes a mathematical model to determine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal moorings to reduce the illegal transferring and subletting of private moorING spaces. The model is based on a case study of Hong Kong, which has a total of 46 private muring areas for berthing private yachting. The results show that the optimal re-allocation of mooring areas for yachts can be achieved by considering the characteristics of the yacht, the yacht owner's working or living place and the yacht maintenance center. It is also found that it is possible to reduce the number of yacht moorings under the regulation of the government to allow more yachTS to be moored at their ideal muring areas to reduce illegal transferring. This study is the first of its kind to examine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal muring areas to reduce the illegal transferring of private moorings. The results of this study can be used by the marine department to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the application process for transferring yacht murings. It can also be used to improve yacht owners' satisfaction and satisfaction of the yacht owner.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of a passing ship on a moored container vessel moored at a quay wall in a restricted channel. The passing distance, side-to-side, decreases with increasing ship width. The larger displacement of the vessels adds to the passing force increment. It is thus needed to assess these effects on moored ships. A case study, based on study work for the Port of Antwerp (Belgium), is presented, where the effect of a passing ship on a container vessel moored at a quay wall in a restricted channel is simulated numerically for varying passing distance and speed. The passing ship effect is simulated using potential software RoPES. The behaviour of the moored ship is calculated in the time domain using Vlugmoor. The simulations, including some worst case scenarios, show potential critical longitudinal ship motions (surge, along the quay), with mooring line forces being low to moderate. The critical and maximum surge motion limits are set at 0.5 and 1.0 m, respectively. Lowering passing distance and maximising passing vessel speed results in a significant reduction in motion, but is not possible in most cases due to channel restrictions/or not desirable from the viewpoint of ship manoeuvrability and traffic flow. Mitigating measures are proposed to increase the safety of moored container vessels during the (un)loading process. This is the first attempt to come up with criteria for moored container ships under passing ship forces, based on literature and in-house experience of Ghent University.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of marine production manufacturing on gross domestic product (GDP) indicators in the GCC countries, which is an important region in the world in the assessment of risks surrounding critical region. This study is based on a cross-country comparative study of GCC countries, where the marine production manufacturing is measured as a dependent variable in the GDP and GDP per capita. The dependent variable is GDP, and the independent variables are marine production and GDP. The independent variables of marine production are GDP, while the dependent variables are gross domestic product (GDP) and the dependent variable are GDP per unit of GDP. In addition, the independent variable of GDP is marine production, which is measured by the Marine Production Index (MPI). The results show that marine production manufacturing has a positive and significant impact on gross domestic product (GDP) in GCC countries. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the impact of marine production on GDP between GCC countries, but there is a significant difference between GCC and non-GCC countries. Also, the results indicate that the marine production has a significant and positive impact on GDP in all countries, except for Saudi Arabia. To date, there has been no study assessing the marine production as a comparative study in GCC countries, despite the sensitivity of the region, which is important in the world and constitutes an effective region in the assessment of risks surrounding critical region. In addition, GCC countries have huge blue economic wealth, which build the budget of the country, so this study contributes positively to recognition of human resource activities, which are increasing over time, but some of these activities threaten sustainable development in oceans and affect environmental ecology.
The purpose of this paper is to understand passengers' perceptions of safety marketing stimuli, safety awareness, and safety behaviour in the ferry services context. Drawing on the stimuli-response model of consumer behaviour, this study aimed to fill the highlighted research gaps by conducting confirmatory analysis to examine how safety marketing stimulus dimensions affect passengers' safety awareness and behaviours. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from ferry passengers in Hong Kong and Macau. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling to test the hypotheses. The results showed that product, price, place and promotion were found to have a positive impact on passengers' safety awareness and safety behaviour. In addition, safety education and safety attitude had a positive effect on passengers's safety awareness, whereas safety promotion had a negative impact on safety awareness. The results also showed that passengers' self-reported safety behaviour was positively influenced by safety education. To the authors' knowledge, no previous study has examined safety marketing stimuli and their impact on passengers' safety awareness and behaviour in the ferry service context. This study fills the highlighted research gaps by conducting confirmatory analysis to examine how safety marketing stimulus dimensions affect passengers'safety awareness and behaviours.
The purpose of this paper is to review literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. In updating the concentration and deconcentration factors compiled by Ducruet et al. (2009b), the aim is to understand how these factors evolve over time and identify a future research agenda for peripheral ports. This paper reviews literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. In updating the concentration and deconcentration factors compiled by Ducruet et al. (2009b), the aim is to understand how these factors evolve over time and identify a future research agenda for peripheral ports. It has been shown that emerging markets influence the peripheral port challenge and concentration-deconcentration needs to be managed. Institutional factors, identified in the literature in the form of the strategic actions of operators, are becoming more dominant and are considered as enablers to deconcentration. However, other deconcentrated factors still need to be fulfilled. Ports need to become sub-hubs and need to develop to accommodate to ship size changes and shipping routes. It can be seen that potential port developments in more peripheral locations will require the fulfilment of a wider range of a range of enabler factors. This paper is the first comprehensive review of the literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. It provides a new perspective on the peripheral port challenge and deconcentration factors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current status of professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain in Hong Kong. This paper aims to provide an in-depth understanding of the current state of professional education in the industry and identify the factors that have influenced the professionalization process. This study adopted a mixed-methods research design. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the current status of the professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain in Hong Kong. Second, a questionnaire survey was carried out to collect data on the current level of professional education in the industry. Third, a survey was conducted on the logistics professionals in the Hong Kong Maritime Logistics and Supply Chain Industry to investigate their views on professionalization. Finally, a focus group discussion was conducted with logistics professionals to explore their views and opinions on the issue of professionalization in the logistics and logistics education. The results of the study revealed that there is a significant increase in the number of sub-degree professional studies in Maritime logistics and supply chain industry in Hong Kong. However, there is no significant change in the quality and quantity of these studies. The study also found that there are no significant differences in the level of professionalization of education between the different occupational groups. The results also revealed that the level and quality of education in Maritime Logistics and Supply Chain are not significantly different between the occupational groups, but there are significant differences between the educational levels. This study is the first attempt to investigate the professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain industry in Hong Kong. The findings of this study could be used as a reference for the development of a comprehensive professional education in the industry. It could also be used to develop a framework for developing a professional education program for the industry in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to present a wicked problem approach for mitigating cyberattacks on ships and port systems. The purpose of the approach is to use the concept of a "wicked problem" to understand the nature of cyberattacks and how they can be mitigated. A wicked problem approach is used to analyze the nature of cyberattacks on ships and ports. The authors use the concept of a "wicked problem" to describe the complexity and complexity of the security breach and its impact on the shipping industry and port operations. A wicked problem is one where the planning for adverse events such as a security breach is difficult or impossible to solve because of incomplete, contradictory, and changing requirements that are often difficult to recognize. This "wicked problem" context forces port managers and shipping companies to view security decisions made on security in terms of minimization and mitigation and minimization of the extent and duration of the negative consequences associated with major disruptions. There is no ability to fully solve a wicked problem such as cybersecurity because wicked problems are multilayered and persistent problems. These problems represent a constellation of problems embedded in a network of interconnected systems. A wicked problem is one where the planning for adverse events such as a security breach is difficult or impossible to solve because of incomplete, contradictory, and changing requirements that are often difficult to recognize. This "wicked problem" context forces port managers and shipping companies to view security decisions made on security in terms of minimization and mitigation and minimization of the extent and duration of the negative consequences associated with major disruptions. There is no ability to fully solve a wicked problem such as cybersecurity because wicked problems are multilayered and persistent problems. These problems represent a constellation of problems embedded in a network of interconnected systems.
The purpose of this paper is to explore logistics performance measurement (PM) practices and metrics adopted in measuring strategic and operational performance in a context characterized by high complexity and volatility, specifically offshore logistics. The importance placed on specific upstream logistics performance metrics of the supplier in complex environments is assessed and the applicability and relevance of measures in specific environmental contexts are evaluated. The study is based on a case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key actors in the supply chain (SC) of a leading offshore oil and gas company in the High North of Norway. The study shows that there is a need for an integration of standards and tailor-made KPIs in turbulent and complex environments. The KPIs may serve as a net service for more advanced cooperation, cooperation and collaboration within and between companies within the supply chain (SC). The study shows that there is a need for an integration of standards and tailor-made KPIs in turbulent and complex environments. The KPIs may serve as a net service for more advanced cooperation, cooperation and collaboration between companies within and between companies.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive review of the literature on protectionist and liberalised maritime cabotage policies and to identify the main features of each policy. The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on the subject. The main sources of information are the World Trade Organisation reports, official statistics and official reports of the European Union, the International Trade Organization and the International Maritime Organization. The main findings of the paper are as follows: first, there is a need for governments to use any mix of the existing policy making models (College of Liberal Arts, 2017) and elaborate roadmaps, which identify the corresponding policy instruments that will help governments to perform a thorough and comprehensive analysis of their policies. Second, governments need to adopt a policy mix that includes both protectionist and liberalised policy elements. Third, the policy mix should be complemented by appropriate employment, labour and education policies, so that the benefits of trade can be shared. Fourth, there should be a clear understanding of the nature of the trade barriers that need to be broken down in order to facilitate trade between countries. Fifth, governments should be aware of the different types of barriers that exist in their respective countries, and they should be able to identify the barriers that are the most important for their countries. This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of both protectionist and liberalised maritime cabotage policies in the context of Greece.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of recent developments in alliance membership over the period from 2013 to 2017 on liner connectivity for each of the three major container transshipment hubs for the Asia-Europe trade route. The research methodology uses information for shipping services that are deployed on the Asia-Europe trade route and focused on the three major container transshipment hubs in Southeast Asia which are Singapore, Port Klang and Tanjung Pelepas. The data were collected from the liner shipping industry as well as from the ports involved. Results from the shipping scene in 2017 revealed that Singapore continued to be the main port of call for the three major container transshipment hubs. However, the number of dedicated calls at Port Klang and Tanjung Pelepas was significantly reduced. The dynamics of network design was also changed to one where Singapore was paired either with Port Klagenfurt or Tanjang. The findings from the managerial and policy perspectives revealed that there was significant rationalization of shipping capacity. This is the first research effort to consider the impact from the recent round of alliance reshuffle which comprised a series of events that took place from year 2014 to 2017. In place of the G6 Alliance and CHKYE Alliance are three new shipping alliances.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the crucial service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services based on the SERVQUAL scale and examine the associations between the factors and its influence on customer satisfaction. A total of 28 service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services in Chennai have been identified through an extensive literature review and exploratory factor analysis. The SERVQUAL scale has been used to measure the importance of the factors. The data have been collected through a structured questionnaire from the freight forwarders in Chennai. The study has used the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) technique to analyse the data. The study has identified 28 service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services in Chennai. The study has found that tangibility, reliability, responsibility, value, assurance, empathy, assurance and tangibility factors have a positive and significant influence on customer satisfaction. The tangibility factor has a significant and positive influence on the customer satisfaction of shippers. The reliability factor is found to be the most important service quality factor in Chennai, followed by tangibility and assurance factors. The study has identified the importance of the service quality factors that are more important for the enhancement of the freight forwarding business. The present study has examined the association between the tangibility, responsibility, reliability, value, assurance, empathy, tangibility and its influence on customer satisfaction pertaining to freight forwarding services in Chennai.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether the research stream on strategic issues in the maritime logistics industry is ready to be called as an academic discipline or simply an application of existing strategic management theories and constructs in the context of maritime studies. This study adopted a qualitative research design. The authors conducted in-depth semi-structured interviews with senior managers of leading maritime logistics firms in the USA and the UK. The data were analyzed using a grounded theory approach. The results of this study revealed that strategic maritime management is a new emerging field in maritime studies. The study found that the research stream on strategic issues in the maritime logistics industry is ready to be called as an academic discipline or simply an application of existing strategic management theories and constructs in the context of the maritime industry. This study is one of the first attempts to develop a conceptual framework for strategic maritime management as a new emerging field in maritime studies. The findings of this study provide a fruitful empirical groundwork that invites scholars to more advanced research and contribute to fundamental research and theory building in the maritime industry.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the Istanbul maritime sector by using the cluster approach. Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage. Countries use maritime clusters as a global competition tool to increase their global competition power in the maritime sector. They generally locate their maritime transportation and ship/yacht building and maritime equipment sub-sectors on the periphery. It is imperative for Turkey to develop its maritime capacity in the near future. This study uses the cluster approach to analyse the potential of Istanbul's maritime sector. The cluster approach is based on Porter's Diamond Theory, which is a global competition tool which is used not only by industrial sectors but also by service sectors such as logistics, maritime transportation and ports. Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage. The results of the study show that Istanbul's maritime cluster has a high potential for clustering. It is found that the clustering potential of the Istanbul maritime sector is higher than that of the rest of the metropolitan areas of Turkey. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between the number of firms in the cluster and the geographical proximity of the cluster. Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage. Countries use maritime clusters as a global competition tool to increase their global competition power in the maritime sector. They generally locate their maritime transportation sub-sector in the heart of the cluster organisation and supporting firms for the maritime transportation and ship/yacht building and maritime equipment sub-sectors on the periphery. It is imperative for Turkey to develop its maritime capacity in the near future to increase its global competitiveness.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between the shipbuilding market and the economic cycle, using a novel non-linear econometric approach. The paper aims to discuss not only the cycle but also the effect that specific elements (e.g. steel price, world trade) in different phases of the cycle have on the ship building market. A non-linear econometric approach is applied to analyse the evolution of the shipbuilding market and its specific elements in different phases of the economic cycle (i.e. steel price, world trade and world trade volume). Results are then used to build policy recommendations to better understand future market trends. The results show that the shipbuilding market is characterised by a long-term (50-year cycle) and short-term cycles (3-7 years) in accordance with the economic cycle. Moreover, the effect of specific elements (e.g. steel price, world trade) in different phases of the cycle have different effects on the ship building market. In the long-run, these effects are positive, while in the short-run they are negative. This study is the first attempt to apply econometric techniques to understand the effects of the main economic- and shipping-related trends on the shipbuilding industry. The results can be used to build policy to better understand future market trends.
The purpose of this paper is to test for the burst of bubbles in the international dry bulk shipping market using the log periodic power law (LPPL) model. The LPPL model provides a framework to detect bubbles and forecast their most probable end. The authors apply the LPPL model to time series of eight bubbles, chosen based on their historical context, to test for the burst of bubbles in the international dry bulk shipping market. The LPPL-model is fitted to a series of time-series data sets covering the period 1995-2016. The results show that the LPPL-model is able to predict the bursting of bubbles ex ante in the dry bulk shipping market in most cases. However, the accuracy of the predictions is dependent on the time of the test, as well as on the number of classes of LPPL fits. Furthermore, it is found that the model is not able to accurately predict the end date of the bubbles. This study is the first to apply the LPPL-model to the dry bulk shipping market, which is a market that has been recognized as highly volatile and volatile, as it is subject to a number of uncertainties, ranging from geopolitical shocks and the ever-changing world economy to fleet changes and the sensitive market sentiment.
The cruise industry is considered one of the fastest growing segments in the shipping industry. China is the driver of passenger growth in Asia, adding 770,000 more cruise travellers, creating a 66 per cent annual growth rate in 2012. The purpose of this paper is to apply a game theory model to demonstrate the interaction of key players in the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory. The authors tailor a game theory model to demonstrate the interaction of key players in the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory. The cruise value chain analysis is applied to assess the relationship between different economic drivers within a given scope of a product or service within the scope of the cruise industry. The results show that the cruise line value-added chain in the Chinese cruise market is characterized by the following features: cruise port dominates the game in selecting which cruise lines can use the port, its facilities and its terminals, as well as determining the frequency of calls by each cruise line. No direct access for cruise passengers to book and/or arrange itinerary from the online travel sites or purchase pre-determined packages. Cruise passengers must go through travel agencies to book their cruise packages. This study is the first to apply a game theory model to the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory. The findings of this study can be applied to other cruise markets such as the USA and the Mediterranean Sea.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the hypothesis that increased competition between European ports induces inefficiency through excessive investment. If it is the case that a high level of competition between ports tends to cause overcapacity, we should expect to find that intensity of competition has a significantly negative impact on efficiency. The authors use a stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) framework to estimate efficiency estimates for five major European container ports. The authors estimate the efficiency of the European container port system using data envelopment analysis (DEA) for the period 2000-2013. The results indicate that the intensity of competition between ports has a significant negative impact on the efficiency of European container ports. In addition, it is found that the relationship between competitive intensity and efficiency is moderated by differences in governance structures and policy. In particular, the authors find that in the case of five major port regions with diverse institutional features, there is a significant positive relationship between the level of competition and efficiency. This is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the relationship between competitive intensity and efficiency in European container ports using SFA. It is also the first to apply SFA to the European container port sector.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and prioritize the operational risks in container shipping systems by using cognitive assessment technique. The paper aims to provide a systematic approach for risk assessment and prioritization. In this study, a risk analysis model was developed based on a multi-dimensional risk framework and a cognitive assessment technique (CATI) was applied to prioritize the identified operational risks in container shipping systems. The proposed model was validated through a case study of a large container shipping company. Based on the results of the cognitive assessment technique, the operational risks in container shipping systems could be prioritized into four main categories, namely, "outcome uncertainty", "information flow uncertainty," "physical information flow uncertainty" and "logistics uncertainty", and then into four sub-categories, which could be used to prioritize the identified operational risks. This paper contributes to the existing literature by providing a systematic approach to identify and prioritize operational risks in container shipping systems by using cognitive assessment technique. The proposed model could be used as a decision support system for risk management of container shipping companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and PRC, and show the different arguments for and against these shipping conference legislation. This paper examines anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and PRC, and shows the different arguments for and against these shipping conference legislations. Instead of strictly following Jerome's approach to view laws solely as decisions from courts, this paper also includes legal pronouncements from legislatures. The paper finds that the USA, the EU and the PRC have passed anti-competition legislation to protect the practices of forming shipping alliances from the challenges of the competition laws. However, the European Union (EU) has repealed the block exemption status of liner shipping conferences in 2006; consequently, it is still unclear whether there would be a new system to replace the old one. This paper is the first attempt to examine anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and the PRC.
Introducing English-medium instruction (EMI) in university courses has increased in recent years in East Asia in general and for shipping-related courses in Taiwan in particular. However, introducing and implementing EMI teaching has been accompanied by a number of issues. These can be broadly categorised as: students often lack sufficient vocabulary and have difficulty fluently expressing their academic thinking; course material can be unsuitable (e.g. students have difficulty in learning using English- medium material due to their English ability); Chinese and English languages are used interchangeably in texts; and there are significant differences in students' levels of English in a class, and teachers find it difficult to adopt a uniform standard in any course assessments. The purpose of this paper is to investigate these issues. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from students and lecturers in the shipping management courses of 12 universities in Taiwan. The questionnaire was divided into two parts. The first part consisted of a questionnaire that was sent to the lecturers of the 12 universities, and the second part was sent out to the students of the same 12 universities. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.0. The results of the study show that the most important EMI indicators in the shipping courses of Taiwan's higher education institutions are: the use of English-medium instruction (EMI) material; students' level of English ability; and students' learning motivation. The findings also show that there are significant differences in students' levels of English in a class, and teachers find it difficult to adopt a uniform standard in any course assessments. This study is one of the first to construct a set of EMI indicators for shipping management-related courses in Taiwan's higher education institutions. The findings of this study can be used to improve the delivery of shipping education in the shipping industry in Taiwan and in other countries in East Asia in general.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of organizational motivation on employee job satisfaction and their effects on organizational performance in container shipping firms in Taiwan. Exploratory factor analysis was conducted to derive four critical factors of the organizational motivation dimension. Five job satisfaction dimensions were derived, namely, "reward policy", "work itself", "job workload", "skill variety" and "job status". Multiple regression analysis was carried out to assess the influence of organizational motivation dimensions on job satisfaction as well as their relationship on organizational performance. Results indicated that "remuneration" and "job environment" had a positive effect on employees' job satisfaction in terms of skill variety and monetary incentives, as well as employees' value monetary incentives as a positive workplace with workplace rotation and job variety and personal development. Furthermore, "reward policy", "work itself", "job workload", "skill variety" and the "job status" were found to have a positive impact on financial performance, while "job autonomy" was found to be a positive influence on non-financial performance. Variation in perceived differences of organizational motivation, job satisfaction and performance between different years of tenure, firm size and ownership types were analyzed. Results showed that organizational motivation and job satisfaction ratings differed significantly in " Remuneration", " Job achievement", "Job autonomy" andskill variety". To the author's knowledge, few empirical studies have discussed the relationships between organizational motivation on job satisfaction and organizational performance in the shipping industry. This study has aimed to investigate the effects of organizational motivation factors on employee job satisfaction, and their effects on organizational performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate some feasible options for expanding an existing container terminal at Bangkok Port. The Bangkok Port Authority is planning to expand the capacity of the container terminal. The basic factors influencing terminal expansion are terminal layout and equipment; however, for such changes to take place, annual container throughput must be considered. The modification of terminal layouts involves both width and length dimensions. A forecast of the volumes of import and export containers is the most important input into the planning and the operation of Bangkok Port and government offices. A cause-and-effect forecasting approach was used to forecast both inbound and outbound container throughputs for Bangkok Port. A multivariate co-integrated time series model (VECM) was applied because it is a suitable tool for economic analysis and forecasting based on non-stationary data. Various criteria were applied in the study to ensure that the financial resources being invested in the expansion will bring about the best result in terms of throughput. The results of the re-provisioning are an increase in annual container throughput, an improvement in the efficiency of terminal operation and increased revenues that will help pay back the financial investment made in the expansion of the terminal. Various criteria were applied in the study to ensure that the financial resources being invested in expansion will bring about the best result. The results of forecasting container throughputs will be used to assist and plan the port operations, which include building new container terminals; formulating and executing operational plans and marketing strategies; and developing and improving financial and accounting processes.
The purpose of this case study is to observe the impacts of deviations from standard daily procedures on company performance to better understand the long-term implications of such events. Carnival Cruise Line (CCL) is the world's most popular cruise line; this is a result of great prices for consumers and a strong, credible brand reputation. CCL has a strong track record for reliability and high quality; however, within the past decade, there have been several notable deviations fromstandard daily procedure that have altered the way CCL does business. The largest threats to human safety and company performance have become mechanical malfunctions and human error. The authors investigated to what extent product differentiation provided by subsidiaries impacted CCL performance and to shed greater light on potential industry fall out. The authors use the time series empirical mode decomposition (EMD) to visualize whether there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviations from standard daily procedures. The results of the empirical mode decomposition show that deviations from standard daily procedures have a negative impact on the stock price of Carnival Cruise Line (CCL) over 2009-2014. However, there is no evidence to suggest that there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviation events. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between product differentiation provided by subsidiaries and stock performance. This case study will enhance the understanding of the industry with regard to such events and also provide shareholders with information and opinions to enhance their decision-making processes. The authors use the time series empirical mode decomposition to visualize whether there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviation events.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the latest alliances' development and examine possible acquisition and cooperation options for shipping lines based in the Greater China Region by proposing a new cooperation dimension across alliances on empty container repositioning (ECR) for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on empty container repositioning (ECR) for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioned. Higher repositioner efficiency is achieved without considering the possible cost and difficulty of the folding operations in different ports. This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on ECR for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioning. The closer working relationship could eventually be a good starting point for a mega liner formation. This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on ECR for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioning. The closer working relationship could eventually be a good starting point for a mega liner formation by those collaborating liners bonded by the alliance agreement.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel memetic algorithm (MA) with a deterministic parameter control to assist the marine container terminal (MCT) operators with construction of efficient berth schedules. Unlike published to-date berth scheduling studies that mostly rely on the stochastic search algorithms, the developed algorithm applied a local search heuristic for the chromosomes and population initialization and adjusted the mutation rate values based on a deterministic parameter control strategy. A mixed-integer nonlinear mathematical model for the berth scheduling problem (BSP) was developed and a set of computational experiments were performed to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed MA with a deterministically controlled mutation rate. Results demonstrated that the developed MA with a deterministic parameter control was able to obtain superior berth schedules in terms of the total vessel service cost within a reasonable computational time. Furthermore, greater cost savings were observed for the cases with high demand and low berthing capacity at the terminal. A comprehensive convergence analysis of the convergence patterns indicated that the introduction of the custom mutation operator with the deterministic control for the mutation rate value would provide more efficient exploration and exploitation of the search space. A set of additional computational experiments indicated that cost savings from the application of the proposed algorithm would be even greater in the case of the continuous berthing layout. This paper focuses on improving the seaside operations of MCTs and proposed a novel MA with a deterministic parameter control to ensure efficiency of berth schedules by minimizing the total vessel service cost. Unlike published to-date berth scheduling studies that mostly rely on the stochastic search algorithms, the developed algorithm applied a local search heuristic for the chromosomes and population initialization and adjusted the mutation rate values based on a detergetic parameter control strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of leader-member exchange (LMX) and safety climate on port workers' safety organizational citizenship behaviors (SOCB) and the mediating role of safety climate. Data were collected from a sample of port workers working in container terminal operators in Hong Kong. Structural equation modeling was used to test the research model. The results indicated that the quality of LMX and safety climate were positively related to employees' SOCB. Furthermore, safety climate was found to mediate the relationship between LMX, SOCB and safety behavior. This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of safety climate on the relationship between LMX and SOCB in the context of container terminal operators.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan and the transport choice of frozen fishes from the fishing vessels of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries. This study adopts a case study approach to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with the operators of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries in Kaohsiung. The results of this study show that the longline tuna industry in Taiwan prefers to transship their catch to reefer container ships in port, and this choice is mainly due to the availability of refrigeration equipment and availability of cryopreservation containers. However, in the case of the conventional long line tuna fishery, it is also because of the lack of refrigerated refrigeration facilities and the high cost of transporting fishes at sea. This study is the first to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan, and the results of this study can be used as a reference for the development of a cold supply system of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011 and to provide an overview of the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the Hong Kong International arbitration centre. This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and case studies of Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011. It also reviews the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the HKIAC. Hong Kong has very good conditions in different aspects to make it one of the best maritime arbitration centres, especially in the Asia Pacific Region. As discussed, the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the HKIAC have provided a solid foundation for international maritime arbitration in Hong Kong. By adopting the Model Law and the New York Convention in the arbitration law in Hong Hong Kong, this unified legislative policy has further promoted the international Maritime arbitration. This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of the Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011. It will be of value to all those who are interested in maritime arbitration.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an in-depth study of Maritime Labour Convention (MLC) Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect the crew comfort and well-being on board. This paper is based on an in-depth study of MLC Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect crew comfort and well-being on board. There seems to be more flexibility in the form of non-mandatory guidelines and substantial equivalence for flag states under MLC compared to ILO No. 92 and No. 133, and such flexibility is also more specific. Some of the mandatory requirements of pre-MLC conventions are found under the non-Mandatory guidelines of MLC, thus allowing flag states that did not ratify these two pre- MLC conventions the flexibility of adopting or not adopting them under their legislation. The requirement for increased height and floor spaces under M LC would be more likely to result in increased principal dimensions (length, breadth and depth) rather than a reduction in commercial capacity, thereby resulting in increased gross tonnage (GT) for post-M LC built vessels compared to similar type of pre/pre-MRC built vessels. This paper provides an in-depth study of the impact of MLC Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect the crew comfort and well-being on board.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the potential benefits of sailing the Northern Sea Route (NSR) between Europe and far East Asian ports such as Shanghai and Kaohsiung. The authors focus on NSR, given its relation to trade between Asia and Europe and also including the major ports in China. The paper is based on in-depth interviews with stakeholders working in the ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung and ports in Taiwan. The respondents were experts with much experience of sailing NSR. The findings show that NSR has the potential to reduce the amount of nautical miles required for sailing between the major ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung, saving approximately 40 per cent of the distance between these ports and Rotterdam, which would represent huge savings in fuel costs, reduce emissions and save time, making it twice as energy efficient and a significant business opportunity for many countries (e.g. South Korea and China). This paper contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the potential benefits of NSR for the ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of mid-stream operation (MSO) in Hong Kong's port and its impact on the operation of public cargo working areas (PCWAs) in the Central Business District (CBD). This study uses a mixed-methods approach. First, a case study approach is used to examine the operation of MSO sites in Hong Kong. Second, a questionnaire survey is conducted to collect data on MSO operations in the harbour. Third, a survey is carried out to evaluate the impact of changes in the operating environment on the MSO industry. Finally, the authors conduct an in-depth case study to assess the role of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government in supporting MSO. MSO sites in Hong Kong mainly serve for the loading and unloading of ocean and river cargo between barges and trucks. A wide range of vessels, from bulk, break-bulk and semi-container vessels to fully cellular container ships, are served. MSO mitigates container traffic at terminals by reducing their workload, and it constitutes a specialised shipping market. It strengthens Hong Kong's role as an international shipping hub in a competitive environment. However, MSO has inherent weaknesses in its operation chain that put it at a competitive disadvantage, such as insufficient land sites for repositioning. This study contributes to the literature on MSO in Hong Kong by providing an in-depth analysis of MSO operations in the context of the changing operating environment. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers in the HKSAR Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and other stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an assessment methodology using a Bayesian network (BN) to predict the failure probability of oil tanker shipping firms. The authors provide a comprehensive review of the current literature of statistical and non-statistical risk assessment methods. The authors demonstrate step by step on how to build a qualitative BN model. Further, they identify critical factors in a hierarchical interdependent relationship using correlation analysis and provide foundation to establish a simplified discrete BN. The dependency among the key factors and the relationship between factors and financial performance can be simulated using qualitative diagram in BN, while the quantitative configuration of such dependency can be obtained using statistical regression analysis based on historical data and through a correlation analysis. This study develops a conceptual assessment methodology using a BN to predict failure or underperformance of oil tanker shipping firms. It proposes a new framework capable of incorporating quantitative statistical measurement with BN in shipping financial risk estimation and prediction. A well-structured assessment of shipping performance can provide an early warning system (EWS) in reducing possible financial disturbances and enhancing long-term sustainability in the industry. This study proposes a new framework capable of incorporating quantitative statistical measurement with BN in shipping financial risk estimation and prediction. A well-structured assessment of shipping performance can provide an early warning system (EWS) in reducing possible financial disturbances and enhancing long-term sustainability in the industry. By analysing international shipping firms, a better understanding of the effects of financial risk management across national boundaries and shipping segments can be obtained.
The stunning growth of container ship sizes which is shown in Figure 1 is only powered by the economies of scale effect. It is the purpose of this paper to question whether a positive effect still remains at present mega ship sizes and, even if this was the case, whether such effects would be outweighed by costly operational impacts for the lines out of the huge ship sizes. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the growth of container ship sizes in the past 40 years and on the experience of the container shipping industry. The growth of container ship sizes has reached a level that does not bring any benefit to the container lines any more, whereas other stakeholders of the transport chain are suffering from the consequences in terms of additional investment (ports, terminals) or operational shortcomings (shippers). However, the container shipping industry is apparently not able to escape from this useless spiral of growth by its own. Beside the Suez Canal Authority (2015), only a joint action of some strategic ports could stop the ever-increasing ship sizes. North European ports are predestined to play a key role in introducing size limits. This is the first attempt to consider the practical and political feasibility of size limiting measures in the context of the container shipping industry. It is also the first time that size limits in shipping have been studied from the perspective of the tanker sector.
The purpose of this paper is to address the challenges maritime firms face in adopting the new revenue recognition standard, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and creates Topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers. The standard replaces International Accounting Standard (IAS) 18 "Revenue" and IAS 11 "Construction contracts", and it is effective since January 1, 2017 (earlier application is voluntary) (IFRS, 2014). The paper reviews the current and proposed accounting practices. It also discusses current maritime practices in financial reporting. It addresses the methods and strategies proposed for shipping firm adoption. The paper finds that shipping companies should be able to identify the various performance obligations under each contract. If the margins earned on each obligation under the contract are similar, the use of costs when incurred as a proxy for the timing of revenue recognition may provide a simpler solution to adoption of this new FASB/IASB standard. Costs, it can be argued, are only incurred when performance occurs. Thus, the matching of cost and revenues is the best satisfaction of a performance obligation. Managers should also consider the requirements of this standard before negotiating contracts. This paper addresses the challenges maritime firms face in adopting these new standards. Further it adds to the current literature in that there is a paucity of accounting standards and revenue recognition papers for shipping companies.
The purpose of this paper is to see if the new fuel-efficient bulkers are a threat to the existing fleet of bulk carriers or not. This paper begins with investigating the existing design trends for bulk carriers, followed by a section on the impact of the crisis. Then the effects of EEDI on vessel designs are discussed. This leads to a discussion on the actual eco-bulkers design features and costs. Finally, the vessels build in ten years from 2005 to 2014 will be studied to see the effect of the eco-designed vessels on the average qualities of the fleet of bulkers. The data analysis shows that either in 2014, mostly pre-crisis vessels were still being delivered or that the announced wave of eco-bulkers was created more by the media than by the owners, as no proof of a noticeable improvement was found in the data. The only thing that could be noticed was a slight reduction in design speed; however, this is most likely the result of the data used, not a real change of design as it was not accompanied by a reduction in installed power. This paper is the first attempt to study the effects of eco-bulkers on the existing fleet of bulk carriers and to see if they are a threat to the old fleet.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of the Panama Canal as a major conduit for international maritime trade. The Panama Canal, connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, is perhaps the most crucial piece of infrastructure supporting the free flow of international trade in the western hemisphere. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the role of the Panama Canal in global shipping, and the author's personal experience in the field of international shipping. The new waterway passage across the Panama Canal is one of the supreme human achievements of all time, which can absolutely compete with the Port and Airport Development Strategy (PADS) project in Hong Kong and the Eurotunnel, which bridges between Britain and France. The Panama Canal, connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans is perhaps the most crucial piece of infrastructure supporting the free flow of international trade and goods in the western hemisphere. This paper is the first of its kind to analyze the role of the Panama Canal in global shipping. It is also one of the first to provide an in-depth analysis of the new waterway expansion of the canal.
The purpose of this paper is to study the proposed Boankra Inland Port Project and the influence of its implementation on supply chain management in Ghana and other landlocked countries. The paper will introduce the dry port concept and investigate its feasibility, characteristics and economic effects. The paper is based on a case study of the Boankra Inland Port Project and the influence of its implementation on supply chain management in Ghana and other landlocked countries. The paper will introduce the dry port concept and investigate its feasibility, characteristics, economic effects and challenges. The project is inspired by the world focus on capacity and co-modal and intermodal transportation options. The findings suggest that Boankra inland port will serve as a more efficient solution to the congestion at the ports than building container terminals at the seaports. The economic effects of the inland port are reduction in the total transportation expenses and the external costs, strengthening of the role of the main seaport in transport chains, as well as multimodal solutions. It will also facilitate a greater level of international trade with landlocked countries, industrial growth in the hinterland and economic boom in Boanksra and the surrounding towns. Again, environmental problems and traffic bottlenecks will be reduced, as volumes of containers will be moved to the inlandport for clearance. This paper is the first of its kind in Ghana and other landlocked countries to investigate the feasibility, characteristics, economic effects and challenges of implementing the dry port concept in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the internationalisation of individual companies in liner shipping. It updates and perhaps challenges McCalla et al.'s (2004) observation regarding greater conformity in market coverage by asking whether the path towards internationalisation is a strategic pattern that is equally pursued by individual companies. This study is based on a content analysis of the sales network structures of the largest shipping lines in the industry. The analysis is based upon the data collected from the International Chamber of Shipping's database of liner shipping companies. The data are analysed by means of the content analysis method. The results show that the internationalisation of individual companies in liner shipping is mainly driven by financial considerations, yet also by the growing importance of strategic and synergistic expansion motives in the industry. The results also show that there are differences in the way in which individual companies internationalise. This paper adds to the rather sparse literature on the internationalisation of individual shipping companies in liner shipping. It also refines the research question and introduces the study's specific approach. This paper updates and perhaps challenges McCalla et al.'s (2004) observation regarding greater conformity by asking whether the path towards internationalisation is a strategic pattern that is equally pursued by individual companies in the industry.
The purpose of this paper is to model the price formation for individual newbuilding contracts and, specifically, assess the impact of yard and shipowner heterogeneity while controlling for other key variables such as shipyard experience and delivery lead time. Using data on individual contracts in the tanker, bulker and container segments, the empirical methodology relies on the estimation of fixed-effect models. Although the newbuilding price benchmarks (market conditions) and GDP/capita (salary costs) are influential covariates, steel prices and yard experience have a positive impact on prices. The main conclusion is that shipyards and, particularly, shipowners play an influential role on the US$/CGT price level in individual contracts. Additionally, steel prices and yard experience have a positive impact on prices. Delivery times have the expected negative impact on price for tankers, but positive for container vessels, which relate to the possible strategic value of newbuilding slots in an oligopolistic market. The influence of buyers and sellers on price formation is a new area of research within maritime economics. The impact of buyer and seller heterogeneity at the micro level (i.e. individual contracts) in the shipbuilding market has not yet been investigated. The purpose and contribution of this paper to the literature is to model the price formation for individual newbuilding contracts and assess the impact of yard and shipowner heterogeneity while controlling for other key variables such as shipyard experience and delivery lead time.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the key success factors (KSFs) of international market development (IMD) in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry and to identify the relationships among them. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from bulk shipping firms in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling to test the proposed model. The results indicate that the KSFs of IMD in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry are organizational capability, environmental scanning, international strategy and internationalization behavior, internationalization strategy and interaction with complex relationships. The results also show that the three dimensions of KSF have a significant impact on IMD success. This study is one of the first to empirically investigate IMD issues in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry and identify the KSFs of IMD. The findings of this study can be used by the Taiwan shipping industry to improve the internationalization and internationalization of bulk shipping firms in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the amount of distractions faced by Malaysian seafarers while serving the shipboard operation due to the recognized distraction factors among seafarers at their workplace. This study used the systematic average mean value technique to determine the contribution of distraction factors on Malaysian seafarers using a questionnaire survey conducted to several offshore ships in Malaysia. The questionnaire survey was conducted to the seafarers working on the shipboard operation. The data collected from the survey were analyzed using the systematic mean value method. The findings of this study indicate that the number of distractions experienced by Malaysian seafarers while serving the shipboard operation is very high due to the recognized distraction factors among seafarers at their workplace. The weightage values of the factors indicate that each factor does have variability of influence on the seafarers based on their work backgrounds. The findings of this study contribute a scope of knowledge regarding the potential distraction factors which may exist and increase the number of adverse risks on board ships. Nevertheless, the potential factors of the distraction problem on seafarers basically are very dynamic and subjective in which they are depending on the current situation of a particular area of study and who are being involved in this study. The value of this paper is to have a systematic approach to determine and rank the parameters by using the systematic average mean value technique which is a straightforward method and can be applied in any circumstances.
The location of hub ports is a key problem that significantly impacts decision making in liner shipping network design, because large ships or mega-ships are usually deployed to serve hub ports, and small ships are used to serve feeder ports. Generally, any transshipment port can be regarded as a hub port. The purpose of this paper is to investigate a hierarchical hub location problem, in which the authors distinguish between regional and international hub ports. The authors propose a hierarchical hub location problem, which distinguishes between regional and international hub ports in liner shipping. In addition, this paper introduces another port type, main port. The proposed model is solved by considering time-definite deliveries, as well as multimodal transportation, by considering ship fleet deployment, and the proposed model considers a hierarchical network structure. The results show that regional hub ports can be divided into two types, namely, regional hub and international hub ports. The regional hub port is the hub port where the container demand is high enough to necessitate the deployment of a large ship or mega-ship to serve it. The international hub port, on the other hand, is a hub port that is used to consolidate containers from the feeder ports, and then these containers are transported to the nearby hub ports called by large ships. The main port is considered as the hub of a liner shipping company that has a high import or export container shipment demand. The proposed hierarchical hub location problem is an extension of Yaman's (2009) model by introducing two types of hub ports, namely, regional hub ports and international hub ports. Furthermore, this paper introduces another port type, main port. In addition, the proposed model considers multimodal transportation, as well as time-definite deliveries.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a model of inland-depots-for-empty-containers (IDEC) that solves the empty container problem in the hinterland of ports by considering regional repositioning. By doing so, the authors expand the notions of Mittal (2008) by looking at this particular problem from a more realistic single-company point of view. The paper is based on a critical review of operations research (OR) related literature, which deals with the empty container problem in general as well as from the perspective of hinterland. Then, the inland-depots-for-empty-containers (IDEC) model is developed by considering regional repositioning. This also includes an empirical validation by simulation on the ground of a case study. The paper ends up with a critical conclusion and an outlook for future research. The case study has shown how effective inland depots can be in terms of reduction of total operating costs as well as of distances covered by trucks. The reduction in the covered distances is mainly due to the opening of new depots and the allocation of these depots to customers on the basis of their distance to the depot. The total number of kilometres covered in empty runs in scenario B showed a reduction by nearly a one-third as compared to scenario B. A newly opened depots in proximity of customers can justify this, as total costs were even reduced by 40 per cent. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes a model of IDEC for the hinterland of a port. By doing so, the authors expand the notions of Mittal (2008) by looking at this particular problem from a more realistic single-company point of view.
The purpose of this paper is to present a novel mathematical model that addresses the tidal effects on berth scheduling (both in terms of vessel arrival and departure/from the berth) at multiple marine container terminals with tidal considerations. The proposed model is based on a linear linear programming model that takes into consideration the tidal effects on berth scheduling (both in terms of vessel arrival and departure at the berth/from the berth) at multiple marine container terminals of the same port, taking into consideration channel depth variations by time of day. The results show that the proposed model can be used to solve the berth scheduling problem at multiple marine container terminals with tidal considerations. The proposed model is able to determine the optimal assignment of vessels to berths, start service time for each vessel and the order of vessels at each berth at multiple terminals. The contribution of this study to the state of the art is a novel mathematical model for allocation and scheduling of vessels at multiple terminals of the same port, taking into consideration the channel depth variations by time of day. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first continuous berth scheduling linear model that addresses the tidal effects on berth scheduling.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the current competitive positions of Spanish cruise ports; and to explain the different features of the competitive positions obtained through a portfolio analysis technique. In the paper, a portfolio analysis based on the growth-share matrix has been applied as the analysis technique. This is one of the first times in which this type of analysis is applied in the cruise industry. Spanish cruise ports are characterised by two positive competitive positions, mature leader (7 ports) and high potential (11 ports). The analysis highlights three port positions that are very difficult to achieve due to the strong spatial dependence between ports because the cruise industry sells itineraries not just destinations, but itineraries. This is one of the first times in which this type of analysis has been applied in the cruise industry. This pioneering research in the study of cruise port competitive positions allows us to answer the following questions: Is the competitive position of a port affected by the configuration approach in itineraries? Which are the main competitive positions of Spanish cruise ports? Taking into account the changes of cruise traffic in ports, what is the main factors associated with each competitive position?
The purpose of this paper is to compare the international logistics policies between the UK and Taiwan from international logistics service providers' perspective. This study categorizes 16 logistics policies into four factors as "Regulation and integration", "Infrastructure", "Sustainable management" and "Education and training". This study categorizes 16 logistics policies into four factors as "Regulation and integration", "Infrastructure", "Sustainable management and education and training", "Education and training" and "Infrastructural development". Based on the feedbacks collected from British and Taiwanese logistics service providers, this study compares the logistics policy enablers between Taiwan and the UK. The result shows that respondents from both countries believe that logistics infrastructure is an important factor for the development of logistics policy. Relatively speaking, Taiwanese respondents have paid less attention to policies related to sustainable development, including "Avoid waste and controlled re-use of old products and materials", "Promote the development and development of alternative fuels" and "Clear long term perspective of regulatory changes (e.g. CO2 emissions reduction) allowing industry to prepare for their future". For British respondents, less attention has been attached to policies relating to logistics education and logistics development. Taiwanese respondents are least satisfied with the policy of "The significance of transport externalities such as noise, pollution, carbon dioxide emissions and other greenhouse gases", while the British respondents are at the same level. In addition, Taiwan's logistics policy performance is lower than the UK. Previous studies have focused on Asian countries/regions as Singapore, Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and so on. This paper would compare the UK's current logistics policy and its future development, including aspects of policy enablers and operation performance, which could provide some insight on Taiwan's logistics policy.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system (CNRS) in a gate automation system in a port terminal. This study uses a case study approach to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system (CNRS) in a port terminal. The data were collected through interviews with gate checkers, terminal managers and terminal operators. The results of the interviews were analyzed by means of a questionnaire survey. The results of the case study indicate that the performance of theNRS is satisfactory. The authors found that the system is able to identify and record container numbers in a reasonable amount of time and can handle large volumes of container traffic in a short period of time. Moreover, it is possible to improve the efficiency of the gate automation system by reducing the time required to identify container numbers. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system in a gate automation system. The findings of this study can be used by terminal operators to improve the efficiency of their gate operations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of work performance of seafarers and to identify the factors that influence the work performance. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data from the seafarers of shipping companies in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. The results of the study indicate that the most important determinants of work performance of seafarers are the seafarers' competency, training and experience, and the least important determinant is the seafarer's attitude. The results also indicate that seafarers in the shipping industry are more likely to be loyal to the shipping company if they are well-trained and well-experienced. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the determinants of work performance of seafarers in the context of the shipping industry. The results of this study will help shipping companies to understand the factors that influence the work performance and will help them to improve the performance of their seafarers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the concept of collateral lies in the context of marine insurance. The purpose of the collateral lies is to cover the loss or damage caused by the assured's lack of due diligence. The collateral lies are those documents that are used in support of an otherwise genuine claim. The paper is based on a case decided by the United Kingdom Supreme Court in South Australia in GRE Insurance Ltd v. Ornsby [1982] 29 SASR 98. The paper finds that the court's decision in the DC Merwestone case suggests that collateral lies are not fraud. The court found that the owner of the property who was assured in this insurance contract, however, caused further damage to the property through the use of a fraudulent device. Therefore, the claim submitted by the assured was thus fraudulent. This is the first time that the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom has considered the issue of collateral lies in the context of marine insurance.
The purpose of this paper is to shed a light on ports' internal and external factors affecting their homeporting potential. A sample of 47 Mediterranean ports are selected to form the basis for the development of an empirical model which links the likelihood of ports to attract homeport traffic with seven explanatory variables emerged from relevant literature. A sample of 47 Mediterranean ports is selected to form the basis for the development of an empirical model which links the likelihood of ports to attract homeport traffic with seven explanatory variables emerged from relevant literature. An ordinal regression model and the observations of 47 ports are used to test the hypotheses. The results of the model are quite satisfactory taking into account that all preparatory tests returned the expected results, and the estimated coefficients for most of the variables yielded statistical significance. The model forms a comprehensive evaluation basis for whether a cruise port should intensify its pursuit of homeport traffic, as it constitutes a methodological tool capable to quantify crucial internal and external conditions which shape the homeporting potential of cruise ports within a competitive environment. The model forms a comprehensive evaluation basis for whether a cruise port should intensify its pursuit of homeport traffic, as it constitutes a methodological tool capable to quantify crucial internal and external port conditions which shape the homeporting potential of cruise ports within a competitive environment. Through the interpretation of results, critical implications are derived for both cruise port and local authorities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between three institutional pressures (i.e. coercive, normative and mimetic pressure), alternative maritime power (AMP) practice and environmental performance of shipping liners and port corporations and to determine whether adopting AMP practice is worth the effort of these organizations in terms of environmental performance. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from shipping liners and port corporations in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) and confirmatory factor analysis were used to analyze the data. The results show that coercive, normative and mimetic pressures have significant positive effects on AMP practice and environmental performance of shipping liners and port corporations. However, normative pressure has no significant effect on environmental performance. The results also show that the influence of institutional pressures on the adoption of AMP/shore power practice is not significant. This study is the first to empirically investigate the effects of institutional pressures on AMP practice and its consequence of environmental performance improvement. This study will help determine whether adopting these AMP practices is worth the effort of shipping companies and port corporations in terms of their environmental performance.
The International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) is a treaty that requires signatory flag states to ensure that ships flagged by them comply with minimum safety standards in construction, equipment and operation. However, from time to time, marine accidents would happen because of the misdeclaration of container weight by the shipper. Because of these accidents, which caused great concerns to the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the IMO recommended that the SOLAS be amended to ensure safer working environment to seafarers. The purpose of this paper is to examine the application of the verified gross mass rules (VGM) in Hong Kong. This paper is a case study of the application of the verified gross mass rules in Hong Kong. The case study is based on the experience of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and the Hong Kong Maritime Organization. The International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) is a treaty that requires signatory flag states to ensure that ships flagged by them comply with minimum safety standards in construction, equipment and operation. However, from time to time, marine accidents would happen because of the misdeclaration of container weight by the shipper. Because of these accidents, which caused great concerns to the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the IMO recommended that the SOLAS be amended to ensure safer working environment to seafarers. The guidelines have not covered all kinds of different events arising from the VGM requirement. This paper will be of value to all those who are involved in sea carriage contracts, including bills of lading and charter-parties, to see whether the VGM requirement has been inserted into the contracts.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the five-factor model (FFM) model to the freight forwarding service industry. This paper uses the five-factor model (FFM) model to analyze the personality traits of employees in the freight forwarding service industry. It was found that the personality traits of openness, agreeableness, neuroticism, openness, conscientiousness and conscientiousness have a significant influence on job performance. Demographic variables such as age and marital status have significant correlation with job performance, and old staffs are usually senior staffs with many working experiences and personal networking; thus, they are comparatively diligent than their younger and single cohorts. According to the authors' knowledge, the application of five-factor model (FFM) in logistics industry is simply not existing. This paper is the first attempt to apply FFM in the freight forwarding industry.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the key risk factors faced by the container shipping industry from the dual perspective of both the logistics service companies and their customers (located in Turkey, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya). The research is based on a case study of a container logistics service company (headquartered in Finland and active in 21 countries, including Turkey and North Africa) and its customers (located in Turkey, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya) in the Mediterranean region. The research was conducted in two phases: first, interviews were used to validate the questionnaire and themes; later, a survey was completed by both the logistics company and its most important customers in the region. The results show that the most important risk factors in the container shipping industry in the Mediterranean region are related to the contribution of both the logistics service company and its customers. In addition, the risk factors that are of the highest importance to both the company and the customers in the region are identified. The results also indicate that the risk management strategies of the logistics company are more effective than those of the customers. The research represents a ground-breaking study in several ways. While some studies analyze risk in container shipping companies from the perspective of the company, there is no research that includes the customer perspective as well. Furthermore, previous studies have focused on one or more operational risk factors from a single point of view; no study has inclusively examined the possible operational risks faced from a dual perspective of both the logistics service provider and its customers.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an empirically validated approach to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria for container seaports in Taiwan. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from managers, supervisors and senior employees of container seaports in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using exploratory factor analysis to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria. Then, cluster analysis was used to identify the most important criteria. The results of this study indicate that the most important sustainability assessment criteria for container seaports in Taiwan are "environmental protection," "economic growth," "community development" and "employee safety and well-being," while the least important criteria are "human resource management," "employees' safety and health," "quality of life" and the "social responsibility." The results also indicate that there are no significant differences in the importance of these criteria between ports. This study provides an empirically validated approach to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria in the container port context and to ascertain whether differences exist between ports. The results of this study can provide useful information to government to establish criteria to enhance sustainable development.
The purpose of this paper is to propose two mixed-integer non-integer mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas (ECAs). The objective of the models is to minimize the total route service cost. This paper proposes two mixed-integer non-linear mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas (ECAs). Both mathematical models are linearized and then solved using a dynamic secant approximation procedure. Extensive numerical experiments are performed for the French Line 3 route, served by CMA CGM CGM shipping company and passing through SOx ECAs. The results of the numerical experiments indicate that introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas does not pose any significant disadvantages for the liner shipping companies. In addition, the proposed mathematical models show that the reduction of the total route cost is significantly higher than the reduction in the service cost due to the introduction of the emission restrictions. This paper proposes two mixed integer non-integer non-linear mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within ECAs. The objective of models is to minimize the total route service cost. Both mathematical models are linearized and then solved using a dynamic secant approximation procedure. Extensive numerical experiments are performed for the French Line 3 route, served by CMA CGM CGM liner shipping company and passing through ECAs through SOx and NOx emission restrictions.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a review of cruise shipping and the cruise industry and proposes some research opportunities by analogizing from the research problems of liner shipping and by considering the characteristics of cruise Shipping. The review on the state-of-the-art research works since 2010 for the cruise industry is conducted from four research aspects, i.e. regional analysis, risk management, environmental concerns and cruise shipping. Then, the paper addresses some research opportunities on cruise shipping based on four planning problems, namely, cruise fleet management, cruise ship deployment, cruise itinerary design and cruise service planning. A specific problem of the cruise schedule design is constructed as an example to demonstrate the research opportunities. The cruise shipping industry is a booming industry, which has kept steady increase over the past several decades and still has plenty of room to grow. In fact, these trends suggest that there are great research values and research opportunities on cruise shipping in terms of operations planning. The review on the state-of-the-art research works since 2010 for the cruise industry is conducted from four research aspects, i.e. regional analysis, risk management, environmental concerns and cruise shipping. Based on the research works and the discussion on the cruise shipping, cruise shipping is akin to container liner shipping. The cruise shipping industry has been researched by many tourism researchers in past decades. However, the cruise shipping-related topics, which focus more on cruise ships, were somehow ignored in the past research works. This paper proposes some research opportunities on cruise shipping based on four planning problems, namely, cruise fleet management, cruise ship deployment, cruise itinerary design and cruise service planning.
The purpose of this paper is to review the development of the seafaring profession in Hong Kong from 1960 to 2015 and to make recommendations for the future. The population of registered seafarers in Hong Kong since 1960 can be divided into three stages namely, 1960 to 1982, 1983 to 1996 and 1997 to 2015. Based on the population of seafarers, this paper reviews the development of the seafaring profession since 1960. Seafaring profession is a good career in Hong Kong. However, not many young people are actually joining or employed in the seafaring profession, despite all the works done by the Hong Kong Government and maritime organisations. The following recommendations should be considered to attract more young people to become seafarers: first, the most important consideration is the seafarers' wages, especially for deck/engineer cadets. Cadets are future officers on ships, but they are only paid more or less the minimum wages set by the International Labour Organization (ILO) which is less than $5,000. Despite the $6,000 incentive subsidies from theHong Kong Government, they are still receiving less than the average income of a graduate who may easily have $14,000 or more from an onshore job. Second, the job opportunity must be certain and sufficient. If the shipowners of Hong Kong registered ships continue their practice to employ non-Hong Kong seafarers with lower costs, young seafarers This is the first review of the development of the seafaring profession in Hong Kong. The findings of this paper can be used by the Hong Kong Government and maritime organisations to make recommendations to attract more young people to become seafarers, especially for deck/engineer cadets.
The purpose of this paper is to review fundamental theories and practical challenges behind irrationality in the shipping asset management. The major motives of the emergence of behavioural research stand on the inconsistencies between conventional assumptions behind economic interpretations and the practice of economic decision makers (particularly individuals' preferences). The prospect theory and subsequent theories of Kahneman and Tversky (1979) played a significant role, and it is thought to be a milestone in behavioural research. This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature in the field of economics, behavioural economics and medical science. The paper is divided into two parts. The first part is a critical review of fundamental theories and their application in the shipping asset management. The second part of the paper is a discussion of the practical challenges and implications of these fundamental theories. The paper finds that there is a significant gap between conventional economic interpretations and the practice of economic decision makers (particularly individuals' preferences) in the shipping asset management. The major motives of the emergence of behavioural research stand on the inconsistencies between conventional assumptions behind economic interpretations (i.e. rational actor assumption, rational choice theory, rational expectations and homo-economicus) and its spillover to several associated principles (e.g. efficient markets). In addition, medical science has contributed to the problem from physiologic and neuroscientific perspectives. This paper is the first attempt to review fundamental theories and practical challenges in the shipping asset management from the perspective of behavioural economics and medical science. It is also one of the first attempts to provide a comprehensive review of the current state of research in the field.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study on the Israeli port of Haifa by examining the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at the ports from daytime to nighttime. The paper focused on the question whether it is worthwhile to increase the subsidy under Israel's "Good Night" program for diverting truck trips from the daytime to the nighttime. Using a case study on the port of Haifa, the paper quantitatively examines the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at deep-sea terminals from the daytime to the nighttime. Using a traffic-economics model, the authors quantitatively examine the considerations affecting customers to shift transports to the night. The study seeks to find an answer to the research question. The external utility value of $30, found in the traffic-economics model, is quite similar to the economic incentive ($26.30) given to customers. Therefore, a significant increase of the incentive is not feasible. Nevertheless, the results of the "Good Night Program" were found to be modest (only 7.9 per cent of the flows arrive or leave at night) and constant over three years (2011-2013). According to the study, only a few customers meet a breakeven point with this level of incentive. There are meaningful obstacles that customers are facing when considering diverting container transport to the nighttime. The paper contributes to the literature by quantitatively examining the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at deep-sea terminals from the daytime to the nighttime. The paper also provides a case study on the Israeli port of Haifa by examining the considerations affecting customers to shift transports to the night.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a new innovative means of container stacking/storage as a potential solution for overcoming the problem of limited container yard space. The growth of international seaborne trade is reflected by the increase of container ships, container throughput and container terminals. The trend of container growth can therefore continue to gradually increase in the future without being limited by the need for more space. As containerisation continues to grow, it is essential to think of ways that would cater to the increased demand. This study is based on a case study of a container yard at the Port of Klang, Malaysia. The data for this study were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with port operators, shipping companies, port users and experts in the field. The results of this study indicate that the new innovative container stacking/storage system is a feasible solution to the problem of space limitations in the container yard. It is also found that the proposed system can be implemented in a cost-effective manner, as it does not require any additional investment in capital. The development of this innovative system is anticipated to benefit port operators/owners, investors, shipping shipping companies, governments and society in terms of the economy, environmental, technological, operational and safety benefits. Also, the new container stacking/storage system enables container ports to increase container throughput without being limited by the need for more space.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical success factors of international ship finance centre (ISFC) and apply the findings to the case of Shanghai. This study adopts a qualitative research approach to identify the critical success factors of an ISFC and applies the findings to the case of Shanghai. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with experts from the shipping industry, financial institutions, shipping companies, government agencies and shipping companies. The findings reveal that Shanghai has the potential to be developed as an ISFC, which could encourage mainland Chinese private shipowners to approach dynamic sources of finance for their investments and attract foreign shipping companies to raise ship finance in mainland China. However, there are many limitations for Shanghai to become an ISCF, such as restrictive regulations, expensive taxes, etc. Few researches have attempted to study critical success factors of ISFC, not to say to say in the case of Shanghai. This study seeks to identify and ascertain the critical success factor of an ISFC and apply the findings to Shanghai. The findings of this study will help Shanghai to improve its position as an IFC.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the banking sector's credit granting policy for the yacht industry in Taiwan. This study applies the concept of entropy to calculate the relative weights of factor assessment criteria in the process of credit granting to yacht firms, and then uses Gray relational analysis (GRA) with weighting values to evaluate the ranking of assessment criteria. The results of the study reveal that the order of importance of the assessment criteria for yacht firms' credit granting policy is determined by the degree of entropy, and the importance of each assessment criteria varies from one factor to another. In addition, entropy is found to be a significant determinant of the ranking of assessment criteria, and it is also found that the number of loans granted to yacht firms is the most important factor in determining the granting policy of the banking sector. This study is the first to apply entropy and GRA to analyze the determinants of the banking sector's credit granting policy toward the yacht industry in Taiwan.
The purpose of this paper is to profile the coal containerization in China and determine whether it is a counter-intuitive phenomenon. After all, the price difference between container and bulk transport is supposed to be greatly large while the value of coal is relatively low. However, one recent phenomenon is that the lump coal is sorted out from the northern ports and then transported in containers to the south in China. To reach this objective, this paper first reviewed the current development of coal containerization by looking into the coal transport network in China, the demand and supply of lump coal, the coal container logistics chain, the characteristics of customers and so on. Then, the driving force ofcoal containerization, the evolution of coal logistics chain and the cost and time difference between container and bulk transport modes were then discussed, so as to explore the underlying mechanism and prospect of coal Containerization in China. The transport costs and time required between the bulk and container modes were also estimated and compared in this section. It is found that coal containerization is a fairly competitive alternative for lump coal transportation after taking into account some factors like freight rate fluctuations, distribution characteristics of customers, environment protection, protection pressure, etc. In general, the transfer of coal from inland ports to inland ports in Heibei Province will help relieve the pressure on environment and achieve economies of scale, thus contributive to maintain a portion of coal containers in the north of China. However, the construction of Gaolan port in the south of China will have a negative impact on the containerized coal transportation in China. Although food containerization has been found very popular, coal containerization is still a novel thing and only found in China. After all, the price difference between container and bulk transport is supposed to be greatly large while the value of coal is relatively low. This paper will contribute to a better understanding of the operation mechanism ofcoal containerization, and more importantly help decision makers to take into consideration relevant factors and ascertain whether it can grow up to be an alternative transport mode between the north and south of China in the near future.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a coordinated control strategy for a battery/supercapacitor hybrid energy storage system (HESS) combining battery and super-capacitors (SC) to eliminate unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid. The coordinated control strategy of the HESS is developed to eliminate unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid. The HESS consists of a battery/supercapacitor hybrid energy storage system (HESS) combining super-capacitors (SC) and flywheels (BH). The system consists of two main components, namely, a battery and a SC, which are used to store the energy of the renewable energy generation and the power consumption of the microgrid, respectively. The system is implemented in an islanded microgrid (MG) with a low-voltage (LV) islanded AC network. The results show that the coordinated control strategy of the HESS is able to eliminate unbalanced voltage in the standalone AC microgrid. In addition, it is also possible to use the combined HESS in the low-voltage islanded microgrid (MG) network to reduce the power difference between the generation side and the demand side. This paper proposes a coordinated control strategy for the HESS to eliminate the unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid. The proposed control strategy can also be used in the low-voltage (LV) islanded microgrid (MG) network to use LV energy storage devices as a backup power source for the renewable energy DR.
Oscillations are a common cause of performance degradation of process control system. It is important for engineers and operators to correctly identify the root cause of oscillations as soon as possible. However, due to the disturbances of noises, periodicities, nonlinearities and nonstationarities, it is difficult to achieve the goal. Therefore, a lot of data-driven causality analysis methods have been introduced to reveal the propagation paths and locate the root causes in the past decade. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel causality method based on denoising and periodicity-removing cross-correlation function (CCM) for analyzing relationships in complex systems. This paper proposes to combine empirical mode decomposition (DEM) and periodicity-removing cross-correlation function (CCM) to eliminate the periodicity and noise in the process control system. The proposed method is applied to analyze oscillations in process control in order to identify the root cause of the oscillations. The results show that denoising and periodicity-removing CCM can reveal the root cause of oscillations in process control system. The proposed method is able to detect the cause and effect relationships in the case of nonlinear processes. It is also able to identify the root causes of the oscillations with a high degree of accuracy. This paper proposes to combine empirical mode decomposition (EMD) and detrended fluctuation analysis (DFA) to eliminate the periodicity and noise in the process control system. The proposed method is able to identify the root cause of the oscillations in process control systems.
The most common shapes of permanent magnet used in mechanical structures are cuboid, cylinder and sphere. Interaction between permanent magnets is popularly used in many fields such as electromechanical system, industrial robots, magnetic machineries, vibration energy harvesters and some other frontier researches, because of its special character such as nonlinearity and noncontact. Therefore, accurate magnetic force calculation is the key to effectively design and analyze the performance and property of a system in which permanent magnet takes part. Magnetic force calculation based on equivalent models is more understandable and acceptable, used in the design and analysis of mechanical engineering. Equivalent model describing magnet is a classical hot research topic. Among several equivalent models proposed before, how to choose the most appropriate and efficient equivalent model for different permanent magnets still requires further discussion. This paper aims to discuss these issues. Taking magnet pairs of three kinds of typical shapes for examples as calculation objects, this paper detailedly demonstrates the procedures of interacting magnetic force calculations between permanent magnets with three popular equivalent models, magnetizing current model, magnetic charge model and magnetic dipole-dipole model. The mathematical modeling processes of interacting Magnetic Force are demonstrated in detail. It is affirmed that the equivalent magnetizing current model and magnetic charge model have similar high accuracy and have equivalence when describing all three kinds of magnets, cuboid, cylindrical and spherical permanent magnets. However, magnetic dipole-dipole model is only appropriate for spherical permanent magnet instead of the cubic or cylINDrical magnet because dipole model cannot describe the specific shape of permanent magnet, only sphere is the topological form of a dipole as a filled dot. This paper is the first attempt to compare the accuracies of magnetizing current model, magnetic charge model and magnetic dipole-dipole model by comparison, which is valuable for choosing the most appropriate model to solve the problems on magnetic force calculation based on permanent magnets with different kinds of shapes.
The research on control methods for robots has obtained abundant achievements. However, an actual robot system is restricted to several factors, including system modeling accuracy, environmental uncertainty, parameter identification ability and real-time calculation ability. Therefore, most modern control theory strategies based on the accurate mathematical model of a specific system generally remain in the theoretical design. PID control is still the most common form of controller in the existing robot systems, particularly at the joint control level. The dynamics of robot system consists many unmodeled parts and time-varying disturbances such as the payload effect. These can restrict the control law design and reduce the control performance of the conventional sliding mode control (SMC). To improve the robustness of conventional SMC, some classical control design tools such as Riccati approach, LMI-based approach, adaptive approach and adaptive approach are utilized in control law designs. However these methods use the assumption that uncertainties are essentially H2 norm-bounded, which is sometimes unreasonable for practical systems In this paper, the ADRC method is used to design a sliding mode control (SMC) for the tracking control of robot manipulators. The proposed method is based on the active disturbance rejection control (ADRC) method, and the extended state observer (ESO) technique is employed to estimate the system disturbance. The control input/output channel and the control output channel are modeled as H2 norm-bounded and the system parameters are estimated using the generalized proportional integral observer (GPIO) technique. The ADRC is then implemented in the control law design. The results of the experimental results show that the proposed ADRC method can achieve the effective control performance of the sliding mode control for the joint control of the robot manipulator. The results also indicate the effectiveness of the ADRC approach for the tracking control of robot manipulators. The ADRC method has been widely used in many practical applications, such as mechanical systems, processing industries control, spacecraft systems and bionic systems. However, most modern control theory strategies based on the accurate mathematical model of a specific system generally remain in the theoretical design. Therefore, most of the research on control methods for robots has obtained abundant achievements, but the robustness of conventional sliding mode control (SMC) has not been studied or presented in the literature. This paper provides a new method for the tracking control of robot systems.
Tunnel boring machine (TBM) is a complex special equipment used for tunnel excavating, which integrates cutting of surrounding rock, slagging, hole formation, grouting and auxiliary system for consecutive excavation operations. It is involved with mechanical engineering, control engineering, materials engineering and electric engineering as an aggregation. Compared with traditional digging methods, this equipment has obvious advantages on such as safety and reliability, fast digging speed, low impact on the surrounding environment of construction and low comprehensive cost. It has been widely used in many infrastructure constructions since it appears, including subway tunnels, water conservancy, railway tunnel and even in national defense facilities for each country. Therefore, the state-of-the-art technologies integrated in this special equipment have received many attentions from academic community and industrial enterprises. In industry, famous manufacturers include China Railway Engineering Equipment Group, Robbins, Herrenknecht, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Komatsu. However, there still exists many challenges in TBM tunnel Geology identification is done by using k-nearest neighbor (KNN) method based on in situ data. The results will be utilized in the later optimization problem formulation. Several crucial performances of TBM during the excavating are presented, which will be used as objective function in later formulation of optimization problem. A multi-objective function is formulated for TBM control. Furthermore, the authors convert established multi- objective optimization problem into single-objectives optimization problem with setting well-matched weighted factors corresponding to different geological conditions. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. The proposed methods can be able to make TBM be adapted to different geological condition. The corresponding identified different geological conditions can be used to make the proposed methods more effective. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of proposed method based on the in situ data and parameters. The main contributions of this paper lie in: before control design of TBM, the authors identify geological condition using k-nearest neighbor (KNN) method based on in situ data. The results will be utilized in the later optimization problem formulation, which will be used as objective function in later formulation of optimization problem. A multi-objective function is formulated for TBM control. Furthermore, the proposed methods can be able to make TBM be adapted to different geological conditions. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of proposed method based upon the data and parameters.
In order to ensure the endurance of electric vehicle and protect the running state of battery pack at the same time, the collaborative estimation of state of charge (SOC), state of health (SOH), remaining useful life (RUL) and other issues of on-board battery is gradually becoming the focus of domestic and foreign scholars. Although many scholars have done research in battery SOC control, but the synergistic control of SOC and SOH is still ineffective. In this paper, a joint estimation method of SOC and SOH based on multi time scale EKF algorithm is proposed. A multi-scale algorithm estimator with high computational frequency and small computational size is designed, and the rationality of the algorithm is verified by simulation under working conditions. In addition, an online parameter estimation method is proposed to estimate the operating condition. From the experimental simulation curves, it can be seen that the multi-timescale EKF algorithm can be very accurately to measure the lithium-ion battery status and remaining life of the vehicle under working conditions. In this paper, a joint estimation method of SOC and SOH based on multi time scale EKF algorithm is proposed. The multi-scale algorithm estimator with high computational frequency and small computational frequency is designed, and the rationality of the algorithm is verified by simulation under working conditions.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method for calculating Partial Observer Canonical Form (POCF) of multi-output nonlinear forced system from the perspective of observable decomposition. In this paper, a new method for calculating POCF of multi-output nonlinear forced system is proposed from the perspective of observable decomposition. The proposed method is based on the method designed for autonomous system to design the required diffeomorphism, and then put the same transformation on vector field g(x,u). Then, the observable subsystem takes the form of OCF. POCF is a quasi-linearization system which decomposes the system into an observable subsystem and an unobservable subsystem, and the observable subsystem takes the form of OCF. Both OCF and POCF are widely used in industrial plant, not only in permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) technology but also in sensor networks. But up to now, the method of calculating POCFs of multi-outputs forced system has not been documented. In this paper, a new method for calculating POCF of multi-output nonlinear forced system has not been documented before. In addition, the proposed method can be used to calculate the observer canonical form of the system from the perspective of observable decomposition.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of external debt on the economic growth of Bangladesh, within the purview of monetary policy, fiscal policy and trade policy. The objective of this study is to explore the relationship between external debt and growth and how the macroeconomic policy index (MEP) can soothe to some extent or nullify the negative effect of external debts. The ARDL approach to cointegration is used for the empirical estimation of external debt growth for Bangladesh over the period of 1980-2017. Vector autoregression (VAR) impulse response function (IRF) has been used to illustrate the dynamic effects of the external debt shocks on growth and the shocks of the macro variable on economic growth. Moreover, external debt is disaggregated to sketch their respective effects on growth independently. The authors find a negative relationship between external debt and economic growth when only external debt is concentrated in the model. However, the estimated MEP variable has a positive and significant effect on economic growth, which indicates that stable MEP leads to higher economic growth. The IRF under the VAR framework is also consistent with the findings from the estimated ARDL equations. The key aspect of the study is that it permits us to see the impact of external debt on growth considering the economic policy, which is approximated by an MEP. This MEP is comprised of monetary policy, fiscal policy and trade policy. The constructed MEP using principal component analysis helps us to analyze the effectiveness of economic policies in using external debts. Therefore, external debt exhibits a negative but insignificant relationship with growth in the long run when this policy index is incorporated in the growth equation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of personality dimensions (extroversion, agreeableness, openness to experience, emotional stability and conscientiousness) on turnover intention of software engineers working in multinational communication and information technology companies in Pakistani culture. This study takes psychological contract (PC) as a whole to test mediation between personality dimensions and turnover intention. This study takes a PC as a whole to test mediation between personality dimensions and turnover intention of software engineers working in multinational communication and information technology companies in Pakistani culture. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from software engineers of multinational companies operating in Pakistan. The sample consisted of 585 software engineers. The results show that PC mediates the relationship between personality dimensions and turnover intention. The results also show that personality dimensions have a significant effect on turnover intention and PC has a significant mediating effect. This study is a proposal of theoretic arguments that foresee PCs people with certain personality dimensions will create and how they will perceive contract breaches. Moreover, this study considers how PCs are associated with turnover intention. This research can help organizations to look into the personality phases for recruiting employees.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of natural resources in economic growth in Pakistan. The paper aims to examine whether natural resources play a vital role in the economic growth of the economy. The authors have used a panel data set of Pakistan for the period 1972-2016. The data set consists of GDP, CO2 emissions, population growth, GDP per capita, trade balance, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita and population growth. The authors have also used the Granger causality test to check the directional relationship among the selected variables and GDP of Pakistan. The findings of this study show that all variables have a negative and significant relationship in the long run at 5% level of significance. It means that if we increase 1% in population, in result GDP diminish by 0.3344%. The coefficient of error correction indicated a rate of 84% for adjustment towards equilibrium. After the Granger causality test is examined to check the directional relationship among the selected variables and GDP of Pakistan, the results of this test show that there exists no turning point through which we can show the existence of inverted U-shaped relationship in Pakistan. This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to examine the role of natural resources in economic growth using Granger causality test. The results of this study will be useful for the policy makers, policy makers and researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of unexpected inventory changes in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) news on the volatility of energy futures returns and analysts' forecast accuracy. A generalized autoregressive heteroskedasticity (GARCH) conditional quantile regression is used to explore the impact of the inventory announcement on price movement and volatility of energy futures returns. The results show that there is no significant difference in the volatility of energy futures returns immediately after the inventory announcement. Moreover, it is found that the probability of a surprise inventory announcement is significantly lower than that of a forecast announcement. In addition, the conditional quantile regression results indicate that there are no significant differences in the predictability of oil returns and volatility in the short-term and the long-term. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first studies to explore the impact of a surprise component in the inventory announcement on the price movement and volatility of energy futures returns.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors of Pakistan stock exchange (PSE). The data were collected from the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period of 2011-2017. The data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique. The study employed the panel data analysis technique to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors. The results of the study revealed that the financial literacy of individual investors was found to be positively and significantly related to their behavioural biases. The results also showed that the behavioural biases of the individual investors were significantly influenced by their financial literacy. Moreover, the results of this study also revealed that financial literacy was significantly and positively related to the risk-adjusted performance of the stock market. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors in the context of Pakistan stock exchange. The findings of this study will be useful for the financial institutions and policy makers to improve the financial literacy of the individual investors.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of gold and oil prices on the stock market in Pakistan. The paper also tries to explore that investors would like to invest in stock market or gold prices. The objective of the study is to determine the relation between oil prices and stock market. The study is performed in two steps. The first step is to determine the relation between oil prices and stock market, and the second step is the relationship between gold prices and the stock market. In the first step, the correlation between oil and stock prices and gold prices is determined. The correlation between stock market and oil prices is also determined. Then, the stock, gold and oil price linkages are examined in a non-linear setting. The relationship between stock and gold price is also examined in the linear setting. The results of the study show that there is no significant relationship between gold and stock market in Pakistan. The results also show that gold and oil prices are non-linear in nature. It is also found that the stock market has a positive and significant relationship with gold prices. Moreover, it is found that gold prices have a negative and significant relation with oil prices. This study is the first of its kind in the context of Pakistan. This study will contribute to the theory in the future. The results of this study will be useful for the government and policymakers, as it will assist them to know the impact of oil prices on the stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the competition and analyses if there are differences between sizes (regarding competition) in the private banking sector using a non-structural approach developed by Panzar and Rosse (2008). The authors use the panel-corrected standard error and feasible generalised least squares to contrast the value of H-statistic obtained by pooled ordinary least squares (POLS), fixed effects (FE) and random effects (RE). Using annual data on the private banking sector in Ecuador for the period 2000-2015, the authors find that bank size decreases competition, in particular, large banks operate in a monopolistic environment, while medium-sized and small banks tend to operate in monopolistic competition but tend to be perfect competition. The results show that the degree of competition is different by bank size, in line with the disaggregation of banking competition by size group. This paper contributes to the actual literature of competition degree in two ways. First, different to traditional papers, the authors assess the degree of competition in the Ecuadorian private banking sector using the bank size classification and take advantage of this issue since competition by size could be different because there is a banking specialisation in terms of size, levels of liquidity, risk and other indicators that are different from one group to another. Second, the robustness of the results using a scaled and unscaled equation using many controls and similar to Apergis et al. (2016), the authors use the panel-corrected standard error and feasible generalised least squares to contrast the value of H-statistic obtained by pooled ordinary least squares (POLS), fixed effects (FE) and random effects (RE).
The purpose of this paper is to determine the customer segmentation of sea transportation users of PT Pelindo I in Indonesia. In this research, the level of customer satisfaction toward the service of PT Pelindo I was measured using a set of questionnaires on customer satisfaction. In addition, customer segmentation has been considered as the major focus in this research. Therefore, the segmentation analysis was also performed. Cluster analysis is a multivariate statistical procedure that groups entities into relatively homogeneous groups. This method allowed the researcher to simultaneously perform cluster hierarchy analysis and non-hierarchy analysis. Hence, clusters can be determined from the results of the analysis based on customer characteristics. The cluster hybrid analysis performed in this research resulted in two segmentations in Belawan Port, Dumai Port, Tanjung Pinang Port and in PT PELINDO I, in general. The customer segmentation of Belawanport shows that 53% of customers perceived the quality service for passengers offered by the port special, while the rest 47% find the service good. The user segmentation in Dumaiport shows 93% of the customers find the customer service offered by DumaiPort special to be good, while 7% of them find it good. In addition, the customer segment of Tanjang Pinangport shows 64% of its customers find service standard, while 36% find it standard. The overall customer segment in PT Pelindo I shows that 72% of customer find the passenger service offered as special offered by PT PelINDo I to be bad, while 28% of it is good. The hybrid cluster analysis performed in this research resulted in two segmentations in Belawan Port, Dumai Port, Tanjung Pinang Port and in PT PELINDO I, in general. This develops the results of the questionnaire to become a representative reference in measuring the customer characteristics of PT Pelindo I.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the differential impact of monetary policy shocks on different sectors/components of aggregate demand through different channels of transmission in India. This paper adopts a policy simulation approach to examine the differential impact of monetary policy on the aggregate economy in the Indian economy. The findings of the study suggest that the impact of monetary policy shocks on the aggregate demand is not uniform across sectors and regions. In fact, there is differential impact on different sectors/components of aggregate demand in the aftermath of a monetary policy shock. The impact of the monetary policy on output and prices is found to be different for different sectors of the Indian economy. This study is the first of its kind to examine the differential impact of monetary policy shocks on different sectors/components of aggregate demand using a policy simulation approach in India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the short- and long-term relationships between exchange rate changes and stock market indices volatility of Brazil, Russia, India, China, China and South-Africa (BRICS) countries. A double methodology has been applied through the dynamic panel generalized method of moments (GMM) model and the panel auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) method to measure the short- and long-term relationships. The results of the panel/GMM model show that the change in exchange rates and the returns of the previous day's stock market indexes have a significant effect on the volatility of the current returns of BRICS returns indices. Besides, ARDL estimations reveal that exchange rate movements have asignificant effect on short- and long-term stocks market indices of all BRICS countries. However, the results of PMG/ARDL model indicated that returns of stock market indices have a major effect on their current returns only in the long-run. The findings of the ARDL method reveal that the exchange rate changes have significant effects on the past and the current volatility of all stock market index returns. This paper contributes to the literature in three ways as follows: first, it investigates simultaneously the causality and the dynamic links between exchange rates and stock market indices. Second, given that the existing literature on the co-movements between stock index and currency markets of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South-Africa (BRICS) countries are comparatively limited, the authors attempt to identify in this paper the short- and long-term effect of US dollar on major stock market index of BRICS nations. Third, differently to previous studies, which used either, panel-fixed effects or random-effects model, this paper advances the existing Literature by applying a new methodology combining the panel generalized method of moments (GMM) model and the panel auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) method to investigate the existence of a causal short/long-run relationships and dynamic dependence among all stock market returns and exchanges rates changes ofBRICS countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of female participation in the boardroom on the efficiency of intellectual capital as well as firm performance using 14 listed banks on the Nigerian Stock Exchange. Data were collected from 14 banks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) from 2008 to 2017. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression model and the Tobit model. The findings reveal that female participation in the boardroom has a positive and significant impact on the efficiency of intellectual capital and firm performance. In particular, the study reveals that female boardroom participation has a significant and positive impact on intellectual capital efficiency, whereas it has a negative and insignificant impact on firm performance in the Nigerian-banking sector. This study is the first of its kind to examine the influence of female participation in the boardroom on the efficiency of intellectual capital as well as firm performance using 14 banks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-C (TABC) model with its elements being indicators of destination competitiveness (DC). In this model, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TA), B stand for tourism basics (TB) and C stands for tourist context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century in the tourism field. Based on the literature review, the authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC. In this model, TABC, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TB), B stands for Tourism basics (TB) and C stands forTourism context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century and has been studied from a variety of perspectives. The authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC. In this model, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TA), B stand for tourism basics (TB) and C stands for Tourism context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century in the tourism field. The authors propose that all aspects of a destination's environment play a critical role as the determinants of its competitiveness. To the best of the authors knowledge, a comprehensive study of all environmental elements and their impact on DC has not been studied in the extant literature on DC until now. To the best of the authors' knowledge, a comprehensive study of all environmental elements and their impact on DC has not been studied in the extant literature on DC until now. In this paper, the authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how loss-aversion and overconfidence biases of investors affect the stock market performance of US companies. This study links psychological research and a modified basic model to investigate the influence of investor sentiment on market performance. The authors developed two panel data models that were administered to a sample of 154 US companies from two different sectors of real economic activities - the industry sector and the service sector - using quarterly data for the period between January 2006 and December 2016. By relaxing the assumption of investor rationality and using panel regression, the authors show that investor sentiment has the ability to predict stock market performance. The results show that investor sentiment has the ability to predict stock market performance of companies. The investor sentiment provides an incremental predictive power for the market performance in both sectors of activity, namely, industrial and services, compared to other variables routinely used in the literature. Overall, there is a positive impact between overconfidence and market performance, but the impact does not hold at the service sector. The evidence also suggests that the investor loss-aversion sentiment strongly and negatively affects economic performance in the US market. Furthermore, the authors show that the overconfidence bias of investors has a negative impact on market performance. This study links psychological research and a traditional modified basic model to investigate the influence of investor sentiment on market performance. Two dimensions of sentiment are examined: loss-aversion sentiment and overconfidence sentiment. For this end, the authors developed two panel data models that were administered to a sample of 154 US companies from two different sectors of real economic activities - the industrial sector and the service sector.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test a model of variables for assessing the quality of marketing-management education, which was defined in terms of students' learning outcomes and the university's competitive positioning. An empirical study was carried out on a sample of marketing students at Spanish universities. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. The results show that the proposed model of quality in marketing-management education is valid and reliable. The results also support the "input-outcome" paradigm of quality of education as a productive system, in which inputs are transferred into outcomes. This paradigm permits empirical testing to support that the resources and capabilities used by the institutions in the study affect the quality of their outcomes. This study contributes to the existing literature on higher education quality by proposing and testing a model for assessing the quality of marketing-management education in terms of students' learning outcomes and the university's competitive positioning.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of macroeconomic indicators such as GDP per capita, foreign trade transactions, the employment capacity, the unemployment rate and the size of the industry sector on the tax burden of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries. The system generalized method of the moments (GMM) approach is used, taking the datum of 34 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) members between 1993 and 2016 as a basis. In this context, the dynamic panel data estimators are used to investigate the effects of the dependent variables on the tax burden. The results of the analysis show that the tax burden is affected by the size of the industry sector, GDP per capita, foreign trade transactions, the employment capacity, the unemployment rate and the level of industrial production. In addition, in the post-Cold War period, increasing welfare or income is expected to adversely affect the tax load due to neoliberal policies. However, the questioning of neoliberal policies in the aftermath of the global crisis may have prevented this interaction. The paper contributes to the literature by addressing the relationship between tax burden and economic growth, globalization, employment, unemployment and the industrial production level. In addition, the effects of various macroeconomic components on the public sector and in particular on public expenditures are also examined especially in terms of the fiscal theory.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the optimal inflation targets in a panel of 15 major oil-exporting Sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries using annual data over the period 1996-2017. To achieve this, the authors apply Hansen's panel threshold technique to explore the relationship between inflation threshold-effect and real exchange rate. The estimation technique is significant in exploring the threshold level of inflation rather than using a technique that does not embed a split-sample approach. The results revealed evidence of threshold inflation targets of 14.47 per cent for these countries. Therefore, this indicates that raising inflation level beyond the threshold level will adversely affect the monetary policy agenda and the exchange rate policy agenda. This study contributes to the literature by providing a shred of evidence from a dynamic heterogeneous panel threshold model for 15 major oil-exporting SSA countries over the period 1996-2017. The estimation technique is significant in exploring the threshold level of inflation rather than using a technique that does not embed a split-sample approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between corporate governance (GOV) and business innovation (INOV) in the context of listed Moroccan companies. The authors use the partial least squares model (PLS) approach to test the proposed model and hypotheses in the context of listed Moroccan companies using the data collected from the Moroccan Stock Exchange. The findings of this study show that the board of directors is the most important mechanism to install best practices of GOV in the context of Moroccan listed companies. The effectiveness of the board leads to improve innovation. The vigilance of the AC is the second most discussed and studied mechanism of corporate governance. Amid the lack of any previous empirical study that tackles or proves the positive link between a vigilant AC and innovation, the authors were able to prove in the study such a relationship. The path coefficient between the vigilance of AC and INOV is 0.197, which leads the authors to validate the second hypothesis. The compensation of executives comes to solve the fundamental dilemma of Gov, which is the imperfect alignment of incentives between shareholders and managers. The findings of the study have empirically proven that an effective compensation scheme improves innovation within firms. This study contributes to the existing literature by proposing a new conceptual model that links different mechanisms of GOV to innovation in the context of listed Moroccan companies. This study is the first to empirically test the proposed model and hypotheses using the partial least squares model.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the mediating role of adoption of an electronic tax system in the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance in small business enterprises (SBEs) in Uganda. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 214 owner managed small businesses in Uganda. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. Results suggest that adoption of an electronic tax system partially mediates the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance. In addition, the adoption of the e-tax system is found to be a partial mediator in the relationships between attitude and tax Compliance. This paper contributes to the existing literature on tax compliance by documenting that the adoption of an electronic tax system is a partial mediator in the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance in Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of pensionomics as a multi-disciplinary approach to evaluate pension schemes' overall performance. The paper proposes a new analytical framework to evaluate the overall performance of pension schemes based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic development. Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes under a new perspective of a dynamic imbalanced state. The multi-disciplinary approach focusses on building inter-sectoral and inter-organisational relationships, building on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic development. This paper suggests a paradigm shift, a multi-disciplinary approach called pensionomics: this "multi-disciplinary" focus builds a new analytical framework to evaluate pension's overall performance based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic growth and social development. Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes. This paper suggests a paradigm shift, a multi-disciplinary approach called pensionomics: this "multi-disciplinary" focus builds a new analytical framework to evaluate pension's overall performance based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic growth and social development. Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which employee job satisfaction and job embeddedness predict manufacturing employee turnover intentions in the Southeastern USA. Data were collected through an online survey of US Southeast manufacturing employees in the USA. The sample consisted of 518 manufacturing employees. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results of this study indicate a statistically significant correlation exists between job satisfaction, job embeddedness and turnover intent among US Southeast manufacturing employees. Additionally, the results show that job satisfaction and embeddedness are significantly related to turnover intent. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between job satisfaction, job embeddedness and turnover intent in the manufacturing industry in the Southeastern USA. Additionally, the results of this study show that job satisfaction and embeddedness are significant predictors of turnover intent.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the Granger causal relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic variables: inflation rate and real interest rate. Using panel data of the G-20 countries from 1991 to 2016, the authors examine the Granger causality relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic covariates: inflation rate and real interest rate. The authors find that both bond market development and stock market development are cointegrated with economic growth, inflation rate, real interest rate and economic growth. The Granger causality test further confirms that, among other things, bond markets development, stock markets, economic growth and real interest rates cause economic growth in the long run. However, in the short run, the authors do not find evidence of feedback causality. This paper is the first to examine the Granger causal relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic covariates: inflation rate and real interest rate.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations between stock prices, inflation rates, interest rates, and real interest rates using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016. Using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016, the estimation procedure utilizes the derivation of Stock Duration Model. Standard statistical analytical methods are used such as Johansen cointegration test, Cointegration regression, Granger causality, and VECM. In addition, this paper examines the Granger causal causality between observed stock prices, changes in stock prices due to inflation rates and changes inStock Duration Model, and real interest rates. The results of the VECM reveal the significant speed of adjustment to long-run equilibrium between observed stock prices that respond to changes in real interest rates significantly. In addition, significant time-varying relationship between changes in stock prices due to real interest rate and changes inStock Duration Model is found to be persistent. This paper is one of the first studies to examine the associations between stock prices, inflation rates, interest rates, and real interest rates using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to determine how efficient were the 32 entities of the Mexican Republic in the use of their economic and social resources to generate and distribute income during the period 1990-2015. The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period. This research uses the Gini Coefficient Coefficient (GCC) to measure the efficiency of the distribution of income among the 32 entities of the Mexican Republic during the period 1990-2015. In addition, the inequality indices are used to evaluate the degree of income concentration. The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period and, therefore, contribute to the design of strategies and policies that energize the behavior of the income dimension of the HDI. At the level of federal entities, Mexico City, Nuevo Leon, Chihuahua, Baja California, Sonora and Aguascalientes stand out as the states with the highest levels of human development, while Hidalgo, Michoacan, Chiapas, Oaxaca and Guerrero have the lowest HDI levels. The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period and, therefore, contribute to the design of strategies and policies that energize the behavior of the income dimension of the HDI.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the present bias model of hyperbolic discounting which, according to the empirical evidence, has a better adjustment than the more restrictive exponential discounting as it allows for intertemporal inconsistencies. The authors find that individuals pay a cost when they are victims of present bias temptation and analyze the decision paths agents follow when their behavioural characteristics vary: impatience, optimism, wealth and other initial conditions. The authors construct a three-period scenario that incorporates risk on future income. This allows the authors to model varying risk profiles and to analyze the different choices individuals make. Using this information, the authors can measure how these intertemporal inconsistencies are costly across different starting behavioural characteristics. The authors find that individuals pay a cost when they are victims of present bias temptation and the authors analyze the decision paths agents follow when their behavioural characteristics vary: impatience, optimism, wealth and other initial conditions. The authors focus on how consumption paths change when parametric behaviour characteristics vary; this allows us to describe the real-world implications of the model. The main contribution is related to the analysis of the cost of deviating from the optimal decisions chosen at the beginning of a sequence of payoffs. That is, when an individual maximizes discounted expected utility but later deviates (acting with untied hands), she will face a cost that will only depend on the intertemporal discount factor (d) and the present bias measure (b). The authors show this cost is the difference between the Tied Hands and Untied Hands models and they also compare both with the exponential discounting case.
Financial markets constitute challenging subjects of study that attract the interest of economists, psychologist and other scholars. Its expected performance is highly based on our conceptions about rationality of agents involved, along with the proper availability of data sources for informed decision-making. Asymmetry of information is almost evident when considering the great variety of investors that operate in financial markets, from sophisticated institutional investors to noisy traders with different time horizons and disparate level of sophistication in their level of analysis of business facts and economic trends. This asymmetry also comes from the fact that the goals of investors and quoted corporations do not always coincide. Within corporations, there is also a gap between the purpose of those in charge of the corporate government and the providers of financial capital. Investment decisions imply data search and processing, and this process could be initiated by means of search engines like Google; so, there exists the hypothesis that online popularity and market behavior can be somehow connected (Preis et al., 2013). An in-depth research on these links The paper uses the ARFIMA(p, d, q; P, Q) process to estimate the value of d for stock market prices and online search trends of global tourist corporations. Results are initially scrutinized by country, sub-sector and other potential relevant explanatory factors, like size of the corresponding firm, and significant impacts of these factors on the estimation of d were found. These estimations of d are initially consistent with long memory, which suggests that both stock market prices and online search trends deserve further exploration for modeling and forecasting. A significant coherence with previous results of Ikeda (2017) seems to appear, leading to a stronger connection between the study of financial markets and the research on online impact and presence. This paper is the first attempt to explore the value of d for ARFIMA(p, d, q; P, Q) processes using both stock market prices and online search trends, trying to capture the behavior of, respectively, both shareholders in particular and stakeholders in general.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine whether accounting quality is improved after the convergence process of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) in Indonesia. The authors use 3,861 firm-year observations from 423 unbalanced samples and use univariate and multivariate testing to test the hypothesis of increase in accounting quality following IFRS convergence in Indonesia. The authors use four dimensions of accounting quality, namely: accruals quality; earnings smoothing; timely loss recognition; and earnings persistence. The results indicate that there is no conclusive evidence that accounting quality increased following IFRS convergence. For instance, the authors found that there are no statistically significant differences of accruals quality and earnings smoothing during pre- and post-IFRS convergence process. This research provides significant contribution to accounting literature and professionals alike in several important ways. First, this research focuses on small area of the IFRS convergence gradual process, rather than "full-frontal" adoption, that has been rarely been researched. Second, this study also focuses on the broader spectrum of accounting quality dimensions, including accruals quality, timely loss recognition, earnings smoothing and earnings persistence, by using random effects panel regression analyses and univariate statistics to compare accounting qualities in pre- vs post-IFRS convergence. Consequently, the authors are able to provide convincing evidence for whether stakeholders may get positive (or negative) consequences of financial accounting qualities due to IFRS converge.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an alternative formula for the traditional one-stage constant growth model, in which the authors incorporate restrictions to consider the loss of competitive advantage to limit the period in which extraordinary returns will exist. This restriction will prevent overestimation of the long term value of the returns in the long run. In this paper, the authors develop an alternative formula for the traditional one-stage constant growth model, in which the authors incorporate restrictions to consider the loss of competitive advantage to limit the period in which extraordinary returns will exist. This restriction will prevent overestimation of the returns in the long term and separate the value created by assets in place from that created by growth. The authors find that the proposed formula is more flexible than the traditional one-stage constant growth model, as it considers the competitive advantage of the period used to estimate the continuing value of the company as perpetuity, both for investments already made by that period and for future investments. The main contribution of this paper is the introduction of a more flexible alternative model to the one-stage constant growth model, where the value of the company is separated into three parts: invested capital, the cost of capital and the value created by growth. In this model, one discerns a different cost of investment for current and future investments.
The purpose of this paper is to study the informational efficiency of American depository receipts (ADRs) through the examination of eight seasonal patterns in this market: the month-of-the-year effect, the quarter-of the year effect and the half-ofThe-month effect. The authors study the informational efficiency of ADRs through the examination of eight seasonal patterns in this market: the month-of-the-year effect, the quarter-of the year effect and the half- of themonth effect. The authors also test for the first time whether pre-holiday effects in ADRs vary significantly according to the holiday under consideration. The sample period includes recent significant financial events such as the 2007/2008 financial crisis. The results reveal the existence of a strong pre-holiday effect in all ADRs, it is highly significant and is concentrated on the trading sessions that took place immediately before the Good Friday, Labour Day, the Labour Day and the Christmas Day. Also, in some of the ADRs under analysis, the returns seem to have been significantly higher on Thursdays and the weekends in the months of April and December. Moreover, the pre- holiday effect is found to be more pronounced in those ADRs whose underlying securities are traded in emerging markets. Finally, the authors find evidence of a turn-of-the-year effect in some ADRs. The authors expand the pioneering contribution of Bouges et al. (2009) in several important directions. First, they triple the sample size of that study by examining 18 years of data instead of the 6 years considered by the authors. The sample period thus includes recent significant financial events such as the 2007/2008 financial crisis, which may have altered the dynamics of the market prices under scrutiny. Moreover, having a larger sample is important as it will likely lead to more robust results, i.e. results less sensitive to period-specific features in the data. Second, the authors examine the price seasonality in four different ADRs and not only in the S&P ADR. The inclusion of ADRs with different characteristics is important in that it allows us to draw comparisons between the differential price dynamics arising in developed market-based ADR and in those ADRs whose underlying securities are traded in emerging markets. Third, they are the first to test in the ADR market the existence of seasonality
The purpose of this paper is to explore the influence of board role performance and isomorphic forces on internet financial reporting (IFR) adoption. A questionnaire survey was used to elicit views and opinions of chief internal auditors and chief finance officers of financial services firms in Uganda. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that board role performance is positively and significantly associated with IFR. In addition, isomorphic forces are found to have a significant positive effect on IFR while board independence has a significant negative effect. The results also show that the relationship between isomorphic force and IFR is moderated by firm size. This study is the first of its kind to link board role performance and isomorphic forces to internet financial reporting adoption in Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the behavior of the transaction costs (TC) structures in Peru and the USA over three dimensions: the type and number of stocks, the holding period of the portfolio and the selected trading strategy. The authors analyze the behavior of the TC structures in Peru and the USA over three dimensions: the type and number of stocks, the holding period of the portfolio and the selected trading strategy. This analysis was carried on using current cost parameters found in both the BVL and the NYSE. The paper concludes that TC per share is the cheapest when small monetary amounts are invested in the portfolio, but once a certain initial amount is reached, TC per trade becomes preferable. However, the TC structure applied in Peru represents the most expensive structure for any dimension. The paper corroborates some empirical regularities like that TC is higher for portfolios composed of small market capitalizations stocks, holding period helps dilute entry and exit costs and active trading strategies are subject to higher TC. To the best of the authors' knowledge, there has not been any study analyzing the cost of trading in Peru and assessing the convenience of the TC structure applied on the BVL. Also, as a by-product of the analysis, the authors corroborate some empirical regularities like that TC are higher for portfolios composed of small market capitalizations stocks, holding period helps dilute entry and exit costs and active trading strategies are subject to higher TC.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss first through a brief literature review and second by assembling a straightforward simulation model, the ability markets have to self-regenerate, albeit they are systematically hit by individual behaviour that disrupts confidence and trustworthiness. The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have toself-regulate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants. The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have to self-regenerate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants. This is done by pursuing, in a first moment, a general discussion and literature review on the pros and cons of free market relations. In the second stage, a simulation model is assembled to highlight and explore the dynamics of deception, morality and self-Regeneration in markets. Rational and emotional determinants of purchasing decisions are systematized; transmission channels of manipulation over the motivation to buy are put into perspective; and natural and intuitive defence mechanisms that balance market relations are equated. The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have to self-regenerate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants. Rationality, taken to the extreme, appears to have a dark side. Rational agents in the market are focussed on pursuing their own interests, sometimes taking to the limit their will to persuade others. Firms spend large sums of money in marketing and advertising, and although these are useful activities, in the sense, they allow for the dissemination of information about the attributes of the goods and services firms sell, they are many times used as an instrument to exploit the emotional vulnerabilities and weaknesses of people. The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to explore the dynamics of deception, morality and self-regeneration in decentralized markets using a straightforward and comprehensive model.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the financial performance of USA Hockey, Inc. (USH). USH is the national non-profit sports organization (NNSO) that governs the sport of hockey in the USA - with a mission to: provide the foundation for the sport in America; help young people become leaders, even Olympic heroes; and connect the game at every level while promoting a lifelong love of the sport. The present study used a resource-dependency approach to evaluate the financial performance of USH from 2009 to 2016 based on financial effectiveness indicators and financial efficiency ratios. In this study, financial effectiveness and efficiency were the two central terms for assessing and measuring the financial performances of the NNSOs. The results indicate that USH was a poor financial performer with millions of losses and a low average of 30,895,95, but very successful in asset accumulation and revenue generation. However, USH still faces the problem of how to use its assets for revenue generation and asset accumulation. The study provides evidence that USH was a poor financial performer with millions of losses and a low average of 30,895,95, but very successful in asset accumulation and revenue generation. However, USH still faces the problem of how to use its assets for revenue generation and improvement. The study provides empirical evidence that improving overall financial performance requires extraordinary managerial capabilities based on sound organizational policies directed at prudent financial practices.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the DeLone and McLean (2003) model and the Seddon (1997) model (with one additional variation), applied to a Business Intelligent System (BIS) in a developing country, Peru. The study was accomplished in Peru, a developing country in South America, by using a sample of 104 users for the system in 13 enterprises, having a quasi-volitional IS use context. After this analysis, the mediators and dependent constructs were reviewed to determine if they were behaving properly (a good level of variance explanation and significant relations with other constructs). The results show that the Delone and McLean model has a better explanation (variance) and more significant relations with other constructs than the Seddon model. System Use is a new construct in the new model, considering the predictors of use. The originality of this paper is the use of a modified version of the Delone and McLean model and the Seddon model to measure the impact of a BIS, applied to a real BIS used by "real" professionals of IT in a real situation of several Peruvian companies using that system. An additional point to review is the construct System Use, that is a construct that has not been performing well in these Information System Success models.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of conventional banks' profitability in developing and underdeveloped Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries using a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 countries, members in OIC, for a long period (20 years). This study uses two measures of profitability and many explanatory variables. The factors affecting banks' profitability are categorized into two groups: endogenous and exogenous elements. This study uses a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 OIC countries for a long period (20 years) using a panel data approach. The analysis reveals that internal factors contribute significantly to the profitability of mainstream banks in OIC countries, specifically capital adequacy, loans, off-balance sheet (OBS) activities and foreign ownership. Moreover, the external factors which are GDP growth, real interest rate, banking sector development and banking concentration contributed to banks' profitability. The results indicate that the development of the banking sector will increase profitability in the long run. The contribution of this paper is that it explored the determinants of banks' profitability in developing and underdeveloped OIC countries, especially there is a lack of cross-country studies that investigated banks'profitability in those countries using a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 countries, members in OIC, for a long period (20 years). Another motivation is that there is no study before this that examined the determinates of banks profitability in the OIC Countries using a Sample of all banks operating on those countries.
The purpose of this study was to explore how small-to- medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) leaders in Lagos, Nigeria, use information and communication technology (ICT) adoption as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally. The aim of this paper is to advance knowledge on the factors that affect ICT adoption in developing countries, particularly within SMEs in Nigeria. This study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with SME leaders in Lagos, Nigeria. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data collected. The findings of this study revealed that SME leaders in Lagos, Nigeria, use ICT adoption as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally. Two critical roles in the successful adoption and use of ICT were identified: the role of SME leader and government. The role of government was found to have a significant role in ensuring SMEs have the resources needed to succeed. Leaders of SMEs also have a critical role to play in successful adoption of I CT in their organizations. This study contributes to the literature on the factors that affect ICT adoption by SME leaders as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally within SMEs in Lagos, Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of elections on the performances of banks in Ghana, a country in sub-Saharan Africa, which is democratically young, but considered a beacon of democracy on the African continent. The main issue addressed in this study is, given Ghana's unique nature, would an election year affect the performance of its banks? Putting it differently, should banks be averse to elections? This paper uses generalized method of moments (GMM) regression analysis to examine the impact of elections on the performance of banks in Ghana. The results of the GMM analysis indicate that the impact of elections on banks' performances is not significant. However, it is found that the relationship between election year and banks' returns on equity (ROE) is negative. The results also indicate that banks' performance is negatively affected by incumbency, but not by the presence of an incumbent president. This is one of the first attempts to investigate the impact of elections on the performance of banks in Ghana. The use of recent data from 2012-2016, and covering two election years, is also an important contribution.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the return and volatility spillover across equity markets between China and Southeast Asian countries over the period January 2001 to February 2013. The authors employed the multivariate GARCH-types model (CCC-DCC-VAR-GARCH-BEKK) to study the return and volatility spillover across equity markets between China and Southeast Asian countries over the period January 2001 to February 2013. The results revealed that there existed bidirectional volatility spillover between stock markets of India and Sri Lanka in both sub-periods. Moreover, there was unidirectional spillover from China to the rest of the other countries in the post-crisis period. The results also highlighted the asymmetric volatility spillovers among the stock markets. In addition, the results showed that there was non-persistence of the volatility spill over between China and Southeast Asian countries. This study is the first of its kind to empirically investigate the volatility spillover between China and Southeast Asian countries. The results of this study will be useful for investors, financial institutions and governments to understand the interrelations of equity market volatility in the region.
The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, the evolution of co-authorship as a way of collaborative endeavor and its influence in the academic production in the fields of Economics in the country, and second, to provide information on the changes that the economic research has shown through the presentations in the Annual Meeting of the Asociacion Argentina de Economia Politica (AAEP) in Argentina. The goal of the paper is to present a dimension of the evolution in economic production and prevalent economic thought in Argentina in a time span of 40 years. Co-authorship networks are depicted by linking authors that participate in the same literary output. The authors estimate centralities like closeness, eigenvector, Pagerank and betweenness. They also distinguish differences in the gender contributions. The paper presents the structural properties of these networks. The authors find that co-authorship networks reveal more interaction than many other affiliation networks, and it is probably fair to say that most people who have written a paper together are genuinely acquainted with one another. The authors also distinguish gender differences in the contributions. There is a gender difference between male and female economists. This is the first study of co-authorship networks in the field of Economics in Argentina. It is also one of the first studies to study the evolution of coauthorship as a way of collaborative endeavor and its influence in the academic production in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse owners or managers' perceptions about their innovation capabilities, and the relationship of these capabilities with financial and nonfinancial performance in Colombian micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The paper is based on a survey analysis carried out by FaedPyme (Foundation for the Strategic Analysis and Development of SMEs) in Colombia in 2012. The sample consisted of 403 formal SMEs. The data were analysed using a multivariate analysis of variance. Results suggest that innovation activities in Colombian SMEs are carried out informally, as they are mostly uninterested to engage in R&D activities and to develop new products by own initiative. Regarding technology, results suggest that almost half of SMEs can be classified as followers, namely, they use the same technology as competitors. However, it is also found that a minority of SME are classified as imitators in product development. Finally, SMEs oriented to product innovation have on average the highest performance indicator. This paper contributes to the debate about the relationship between innovation and performance in SMEs in emerging markets through the survey analysis carried out in Colombia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between financial development and economic growth for a panel of five major emerging economies (BRICS) (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, China and South Africa) during 1993 to 2014. The paper employs SYS-GMM to examine the relationship between financial development and economic growth for the panel of BRICS using financial development indicators both from banking sector and stock market development. The findings of the study indicate that financial development has a positive and significant impact on economic growth for the panel of BRICS. Further, it is observed that the banking sector development has been observed to be increasing since 1993 for the selected economies. Similarly, the stock market development has also increased over the period of 1993-2014. Also, the study finds that the financial development of the selected BRICS economies is positively associated with economic growth. Very few studies that have examined the finance and growth relationship in BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) have barely studied the impact of banking sector and stock market development on economic growth separately. Against this backdrop, the present paper endeavors to investigate the relationship between financial development and growth for a panel of five major emerging economies (BRICS) during 1993 to 2014.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the behaviour of secondary equity investors residing in Chennai by testing the relationship between the income earned and the behavioural biases exhibited. The data were collected from the secondary equity investors residing in Chennai. The data were analysed by using the partial least squares technique to test the relationship between the income earned and behavioural biases. The results of the study show that the income earned by the secondary equity investors residing in Chennai has a positive and significant relationship with the behavioural biases. The income earned is found to be positively and significantly related to the biases exhibited by the investors. The results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between the income and the mental accounting bias. Very few studies look at the relationship between the income earned and investor behaviour in terms of the biases exhibited. This study attempts to fill the gap in the existing literature by testing the relationship of the income with the behavioural biases.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the long run impact of institutional quality on foreign direct investment (FDI) concerning the Canadian economy by applying the auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) approach. The auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) cointegration approach is used to analyse the long-run relationship between institutional stability and FDI. The error correction model (ECM) is also used to examine the long run impact of institutional stability on FDI in the model. The key findings of this paper are that the variables are cointegrated, indicating that there is a long run theoretical relationship between them. The error correction model sheds light on institutional stability being an exogenous variable, and FDI being an endogenous variable. As such, for policymakers to attract more FDI into Canada, they must focus on the level of institutions, which will attract FDI. This paper contributes to the literature by examining the long-run impact of institutional stability on FDI in the Canadian economy by applying the ARDL cointegration approach. The findings of this paper are cointegrated, indicating that there is a long run theoretical relationship between them.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the significant predictors and to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the decision tree model. This paper applies the decision tree model to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the random undersampling strategy to correct the imbalanced data set. The predictive performance of a DT model based on a balanced data set is more reasonable compared to an imbalanced data set. The results showed that the specificity rate had increased after the random undersampling strategy was applied. This paper illustrates the application of data mining techniques to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the decision tree model. The findings from this study are useful for various parties to make decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of bank capital on bank performance and risk in the banking sector of emerging economy. This investigation has considered Bangladesh as an ideal laboratory to examine the relationship between bank capital and risk. The study has considered Bangladesh as an ideal laboratory to examine the impact of bank capital on bank performance and risk. The study has used the panel data approach for the empirical investigation. The data have been collected from the Bangladesh Stock Exchange (BSE) for the period of 2005-2016. The panel data analysis has been performed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) technique to estimate the relationship between bank risk and performance. The results indicate that there is a positive association between bank capital and risk. The higher the capital ratio, the higher the risk, which is supported by the regulatory hypothesis. However, there is no significant relationship between bank risk and performance in the case of Bangladesh. In addition, the results of the study suggest that the differences of national culture give different banking practices. To the best of the author's knowledge, this is the unique investigation on Bangladesh. The findings from Bangladesh will contribute to the existing literature significantly and will be effective for the other countries with a similar culture.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. The study adds to the existing literature on labour hoarding by estimating a production function approach. The paper estimates a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. The production function approach is used to model the dynamics of the labour demand equations. The results show that the presence of labour hoarding is more dominant in the manufacturing industry than in the financial industry. The results also indicate that the effect of hoarding on labour demand is more pronounced in manufacturing than in financial services. In addition, it is also found that the effects of labour demand hoarding are stronger in manufacturing industries. The study adds to the existing literature on labour hoarding by estimating a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. Malta is an interesting case because over the past decade, particularly during the economic crisis, over the period 2009-2009, many companies in manufacturing, which because of a slump in demand were planning to shed their workforce. Therefore, labour hoards can be at large the result of state intervention to mitigate the situation and avoid upheavals during the crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of good governance practices on the performance of microfinance institutions (MFIs) in South Asia. The authors study the different dimensions of MFIs' governance (such as chief executive officer [CEO] duality, board size, female CEO, urban market, bank regulation and individual lending) to investigate how they influence the financial and social performance of South Asian MFIs. This study is based on the empirical analysis of 215 firm-year observations from 2005 to 2009; those are actively operating in this region. The members of the South Asian region are Afghanistan, Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. The governance data are collected from the website of MFIs and annual reports, and financial and social performance data are obtained from Mix Market website (www.mixmarket.org). The authors applied pooled least squares regression to explore the impact of governance practices on MFIs performance. The findings show that board size, female CEO, urban market and individual lending have a significant positive influence on financial performance. The authors find evidence that bank regulation and the urban market significantly reduce the social performance of MFIs. Regarding outreach, the authors find that firm attributes (e.g. firm size) play a key role to increase the average loan size and number of clients. The results are also consistent with generalized least squares (GLS) technique. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of governance practices on the performance of South Asian MFIs. The authors study the different dimensions of MFIs' governance (such as chief executive officer [CEO] duality, board size, female CEO, urban market, bank regulation and individual lending) to investigate how they influence the financial and social performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the validity of capital asset pricing model (CAPM), Fama and French (1992) three-factor model and the presence of market timing in the emerging stock market of Pakistan. This study uses the Fama and French (1992) three-factor model and the Treynor and Mazuy (1966) market timing model to find out the presence of market timing in the stock market of Pakistan. The sample period of the study covers the period from January 1, 1992, to December 31, 2014. The data were collected from the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period January 1-December 31, 2013. The results of the study show that size premium, value premium and market timing are found to be significant predictors of the returns of the stock market of Pakistan. It is also found that the size premium and value premium have a positive and significant effect on the market beta. Moreover, it is found that market timing has a positive effect on market beta and size premium as well. This study is an attempt to investigate the validity of CAPM, Fama and French three-factor model and the presence of market timing in the emerging stock market of Pakistan. In reference to Pakistan, only few studies have been carried out, in which most of the studies investigate mutual funds and small sample period. In contrast, this study is the first of its kind in Pakistan, which is an emerging economy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of ownership composition on earnings management. Specifically, this research will include the influence of institutional and other relevant blockholders on the earnings management of companies listed on the Mexican stock exchange. This study uses a panel data set of Mexican firms listed on the Mexican stock exchange for the period from 2005 to 2012. The sample consists of 1,812 firms. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression model. The results show that there is a clear relationship between an increasing participation of family and institutional investors, and a reduction in earnings management. Additionally, the findings show that the impact of institutional and significant blockholders varies depending on the degree of family shareholding participation. The particular institutional Mexican context and the visibly high participation of families in shareholding explain to a large extent these results. This study extends previous research by including the relationship between other types of shareholders on earnings management. Specifically, this research will include the influence of institutional and other relevant blockholders on earnings Management. It can be expected that in Mexico, given an emerging capital market where corporate government regulations are still in an evolving stage, the influences of some shareholders on the firm's decision-making processes is still limited.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia while taking into consideration bank-specific characteristics. The paper uses a pooled panel data approach to estimate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia. The panel data are obtained from the Malaysian Islamic bank database. The results obtained from pooled panel estimation allow us to make several significant conclusions on the Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia within a dual banking system. The evidence gathered in this study suggests that the bank-specific characteristics are important for Islamic banking behaviour. The results show that the impact of monetary policy on Islamic financing behaviour is contingent on observable bank- specific characteristics. This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour while taking into consideration bank-specific characteristics. The results obtained from pooled panel estimation allow the authors to make several significant conclusions on the Islamic financing behaviour within a dual banking system.
The purpose of this paper is to assess knowledge relatedness as a possible determinant of business innovation performance. Knowledge relatedness is understood as the degree of similarity between a company's knowledge with respect to its parent company, i.e. the company that the entrepreneur left to found his/her own company. The empirical application is performed in Costa Rica, whose economy mainly comprises small and micro businesses; therefore, it is also expected to provide a contribution from that perspective, given that studies on innovation are mainly based on large businesses in developed countries. This issue is relevant because the world is continually moving toward an economy that is governed by knowledge and innovation and there is consensus in various areas that "the generation, exploitation and diffusion of knowledge are fundamental to economic growth, development and the well-being of nations." The results show a positive and significant correlation between knowledge relatedness and innovation performance for a number of newly established firms in Costa Rica. It is interesting to note that no differences are found when the assessment is based on the founder's prior business experience and the type of company that he/she left to start his/her own business. This paper contributes to the understanding of the factors that affect business innovation performance, particularly in start-ups. The empirical application is performed in Costa Rica, whose economy mainly comprises small and micro businesses; therefore, it is also expected to provide a contribution from that perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the passive social power of preadolescent children and the legitimate social power (LSP) of their expert social power on the influence perception of their mothers in Peruvian toy stores. The study was conducted in the city of Lima, Peru. The sample consisted of 1,000 mothers who have and live with their children who are in the preadolescent stage of development, meaning between 8 and 11 years. Mothers were selected for this research for two main reasons. First, mothers are more often the receptors of influence attempts than fathers and are considered to be better familiarized with the purchase influence attempt of their children. For methodological purposes, the last studied relationship regarding passive social power of children on influence from the mothers' perspective (Flurry and Burns, 2005) was used. To assess these variables, instruments already validated by their authors and which have been used in other studies were applied. The results show that the passive ESP does not positively correlate to any of the dimensions of the influence in purchasing (mother-child). Additionally, the passive LSP does not negatively correlate with the influence perception of the mother-child. The results of Flurry and Burns (2005) are not supported in this international context. Additionally, taking as external dependent variable the influence in purchasing of a toy, crossing it with the four dimensions, this variable correlated principally with the passive social power, ESP and LSP. Thus, the authors can say that social power has the two significant dimensions for the present study.
The purpose of this paper is to analizo las practicas de earnings management para evitar reportar perdidas o disminuciones en el beneficio neto de una firma. Este estudio analizo la distribucion de los beneficios netos (BNE) de una muestra de 899 firmas no financieras que estuvieron registradas en the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile (SVS) durante el periodo 2010-2014. Este estudio muestra evidencia de que las firmas no financieras manipularon la cifra de beneficios para evitar reportar perdidas o disminuciones en el beneficio neto, durante el periodo 2010-2014. No obstante, se observaron mas firmas que reportaron lo esperado. Este articulo podria aportar a la literatura sobre earnings management en America Latina, a pesar of su rol relevante en la economia global.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the evolution of venture capital (VC) research over a period of 25 years by using bibliometric indicators. Different analyses were performed, both at a general level for the described period, and also at the quinquennial level. First, the analysis focused on studying a ranking of 40 leading journals that present a greater h-index in the discipline. In this ranking, it is possible to observe an interesting discussion that reveals that the most productive journals, i.e. those who have a greater quantity of published work, are not necessarily the most influential. The work also develops a graphical visualization of the publication and citation structure between journals by using VOS viewer software with bibliographic coupling and co-citation coupling. A quinquennial analysis, of five years, allowed us to recognize the transition among journals which focus on VC research. The results show that there are certain specialized journals that publish more in VC research with respect to other journals, for example, Journal of Business Venturing, Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice and Small Business Economics. It also highlights other journals for having a high number of citations, even if they publish a large number of articles in the field, such as the Journal of Finance, Research Policy, Strategic Management Journal, Academy of Management Journal and Administrative Science Quarterly, among others. Moreover, a temporal analysis is developed to see which journals have been the most influential ones throughout time. This is the first paper that presents a bibliometric analysis of VC research over a period of 25 years by using bibliometrics indicators.
La actividad bursatil, medida como volumen, valor transado o numero de operaciones, es el proposito central de los mercados financieros secundarios. Naturalmente, su variabilidad y reduccion sustancial afecta las decisiones de los agentes, en particular de aquellos que gestionan portafolios de gran tamano, tanto para sus posiciones activas como pasivas. Asimismo, se ha identificado como una variable importante del desarrollo oficial de un mercado. Por esto, es importante comprender las variables que la determinan y su evolucion, especialmente en un mercados accionario emergente como el colombiano. Tres principales interrogantes enmarcan el presente trabajo investigativo: "cual ha sido the evolucion de la actividad bursatil del mercado accionario colombiano entre 2007 y 2016?"; "Que variables la explican?"; y "Que eventos han impactado su comportamiento?". Para ello, se emplea informacion de transacciones diarias por tipo of agente de la bvc, entre enero de 2007 y diciembre de 2016. Ademas, plantea un modelo de pronostico del comport amortizaciono de laActividad BursatIL, que incluye variables explicativas, buscando predecir con razonable certeza la act dividendad bursesatil en el siguiente mes. La actividad bursatil del mercado accionario colombiano ha evolucionado en el tiempo entre enero de 2007 y diciembre de 2016. Ademas, se plantea un modelo de pronostico del comportamiento de la actividatil, que incluye variables explicativas buscando predecir con razonable certeza the actividas del siguiente mes. Asi, este estudio pretende contribuir a la literatura y al desarrollo del mercados financieros secundarios. Este estudio pretende contribuir a la literatura y al desarrollo del mercado accionario colombiano, con informacion relevante para una mejor comprension de la actividad bursatil, su comportamiento en el tiempo y las variables que la determinan. Consideramos que el principal aporte de this estudIO es el analisis de la variable de actividatil del mercados accionarios colombian, medida como valor transado, numero de operaciones y rotacion.
The purpose of this paper is to study the factors influencing gold prices in Saudi Arabia by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015. The authors performed an analysis to study the factors influencing gold prices in Saudi Arabia by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015. Moreover, the authors capture the wealth effect through the domestic Shariah price index of Saudi Arabia. The time-series variables that the authors study are, largely, non-stationary variables. For that reason, they should be analyzed in a co-integrating manner. For this reason, the ARDL approach is used to analyze them in a linear fashion. The results of the study show that gold is not a hedge or a safe haven asset in Saudi Arabia. However, it is an ideal inflation hedge and a portfolio holding. The ARDL results show that inflation, exchange rate, bond prices, market performance, seasonality, income, oil prices and business cycles are the most influential factors that influence gold prices. To the best of the knowledge, no study has examined gold prices in Saudi Arabia yet. The authors performed an analysis to study the factors influencing gold prices by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015. Although the hedge factors are expected to be expected to influence gold prices as in other countries, this work may not be relevant elsewhere and has previously been overlooked in the literature. Saudi Arabians buy gold not just for investment but also for personal reasons, to use it as a luxury good.
The purpose of this paper is to test whether the health-care price inflation rate in the USA is stationary, using panel unit root tests that have more statistical power and relatively less size distortions. Implicit in the presence and persistence of a unit root in health- Care Price Inflation rates at the panel level are the roles of some major determinants of the speed of the adjustment of health- care prices. The authors use panel unit root tests to test whether the health-care price inflation rate is stationary at the aggregate and urban levels in the USA. The authors use a panel of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries as the sample. The panel unit root tests reveal that the health-care price inflation rate in the USA is non-stationary at the aggregate and urban levels, and hence highly persistent. Moreover, the persistence of the inflation rate at the aggregated level is significantly higher than that at the regional or national level. This is the first study to use panel unit root tests to test whether the health-care price inflation rate is stationary at the aggregate and urban levels in the USA.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the behavior of stock returns in the current year in comparison to its behavior in previous year by applying the gray model. This study uses the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model to model the behavior of stock returns in the current year in comparison to its behavior in previous year by applying the gray model. The prediction error for each model is captured along with the prediction error of 50 more active companies and industry index. According to the results of the study, the authors predict abnormal stock returns by using three models, among which the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model is found to be the most powerful. In this paper, the models for predicting abnormal stock return with the lowest prediction errors are presented. This is the first study to use the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model to predict abnormal stock returns using the Nash nonlinear model.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effects of institutional quality and the development of the banking system on the maturity of corporate debt in two Latin American countries. The methodology used is a dynamic model based on the GMM-SYS approach, which allows measuring the effect of institutional quality and the development of the banking system on the maturity of long-term debt. After the estimation of the dynamic model using GMM-SYS, it is possible to determine a significant and opposite effect of institutional quality and bank development on the maturity of long-term debt (or short-term, depending on the horizon of evaluation); so that it can be concluded that these macroeconomic factors, related to the degree of development of each country, condition the corporate decisions to adopt financial obligations, for the companies that are listed in the stock markets of Peru and Brazil. The study provides useful tools for the analysis of how a banking structure joined to quality institutions affects corporate decision-making in opposite ways, and this is relevant for the adoption of government and private policies that seek the maturity of short- and long-term debt, according to the objective.
The purpose of this paper is to presentan los resultados del impacto economico a corto plazo, sobre la ciudad de Santiago de Cali y su area metropolitana (en adelante AM), asociado a la celebracion de la IX edicion de los Juegos Mundiales (World Games) 2013 Cali. El articulo se centra en los impactos producidos por las actividades de inversion/gasto de los agentes identificados en la celebracion de los Juegos Mundiales: Comite Local Organizador de Cali (inversion en infraestructura, gasto en logistica) y espectadores (gastos en consumo), y los consecuentes efectos multiplicadores capturados a partir of un modelo insumo-producto. Estos impactos se sintetizan en los efecto sobre la produccion y el empleo en el area metropolitana de la ciudad, definida como area de impacto. Estos impactos se sintetizan en los efectos sobre la produccion y el empleo en el area metropolitana de la ciudad, definida como area de impacto. La inversion para garantizar la infraestructura fisica deportiva y la organizacion y logistica de los Juegos Mundiales mas el gasto de los espectadores ascendio a $140.357 millones de pesos. Asimismo, generaron 9.598 puestos de trabajo (7.711 empleos de tiempo completo) en sectores vinculados con la logisticA de the Organizacion de the JueGos y con la "turbina de gasto" de los turistas. The paper presenta un modelo insumo-producto de impacto a corto plazo sobre la ciudad de Santiago de Cali y su area metropolitana (AM).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interest among the key players in the securitization food chain, including homeowners, mortgage originators, investment banks and investors in the 2008 financial crisis. The authors approach the financial crisis from a holistic perspective, analyzing the interrelationships among parties with the goal of developing a better understanding of systemic factors leading to the crisis. The authors apply the concepts of conflicts of interests, incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interest among the key players in the securitization food chain. The authors find that incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interests were common to all components of the securitization food chain, including homeowners, mortgage originators, investment banks and investors. The authors also found that the financial crisis was caused by the inter-relationships among the key players in the financial system, i.e. the ratings agencies, AIG, Congress, regulatory agencies, academia and business media, and the financial services industry. This paper addresses the need to examine systemic defects in the system by focusing on the financial system as a whole, and the multifaceted relationships among key players in the securitization food chain. The study also address the need for consolidation in ethics research by applying common conceptual frames across industry, government, media and academic sectors.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of liquidity in asset pricing in a tiny market such as the Portuguese one. The authors use the proportion of zero returns proposed by Lesmond et al. (1999), which is an appropriated measure of liquidity in tiny markets such as the Portuguese one. However, before drawing some overall conclusions, the authors also evaluate the money-augmented capital asset pricing model (CAPM) proposed by Balvers and Huang (2009) which is characterised by adding a risk premium for money growth which can be interpreted as an economy's liquidity premium. The initial results show that individual illiquidity affects Portuguese stock returns. However, in contrast to previous evidence from other markets, they show that the most traded stocks (hence the most liquid stocks) exhibit larger returns. In addition, the illiquidities effects on stock returns were higher and more significant in the period from January 1988 to November 1997, during which the Portuguese stock market was still an emerging market. Similar results are provided when the liquidity-adjusted capital asset pricing model (CAPM) is tested. Moreover, before drawing some overall conclusions, the authors also evaluate the money-augmented CAPM proposed by Balvers and Huang (2009), which is characterised by adding a risk premium for money growth which can be interpreted as an economy's liquidity premium. The contribution of the study is two-fold. First, it improves international empirical evidence with an in-depth analysis of the Portuguese stock market over the period 1988-2013. Second, it proposes and compares two alternative implications of liquidity in asset pricing. More precisely, the authors adapt the liquidity-adjusted capital asset pricing model (CAPM) proposed by Acharya and Pedersen (2005) for the Portuguese case and suggest two alternative specifications of a liquidity- adjusted CAPM, to separate and compare the effects of liquidity and liquidity risk in asset Pricing.
The recognition heuristic predicts that when facing a challenge to choose between two objects and only one of them is familiar, the individual will always choose the familiar object. The main objective of this paper is to study whether recognized stocks produce abnormal returns on a consistent basis. A survey was performed to infer which stocks from the STOXX(r) Europe 50 are most recognized. Then two investment strategies relying on the recognition heuristic were tested during the period under analysis. To verify the performance of each investment strategy, the returns obtained were regressed against the risk factors included in three relevant market models. Jensen's alpha was estimated to infer whether the designed investment strategies could beat the market on a consistent basis. To complement the paper, an additional methodology based on Google Trends was adopted. The results showed that following a strategy based on the recognition heuristic principles it is possible to yield weak, statistically insignificant abnormal returns on a consistent basis. The main contribution of this paper is to study the performance of the recognition heuristic in the financial markets and to contribute to the knowledge in this field. Although many authors have already studied this heuristic when applied to financial markets, there is a lack of consensus in the literature. The three main papers from the authors referred to were mainly applied to the US and German markets, apart from Andersson and Rakow (2007) who extended their analysis to a few other European economies. In this sense, it was valuable to study this concept in the European market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the valuation performance of mathematically-optimised, equity-based composite multiples models in each of six key industries in South Africa for the period 2001-2010. The objective is to ascertain whether industry-specific, equity based, compositemultiples models offer higher degrees of valuation precision vis-a-vis industry-based, equitybased, single-factor models. Optimal equity-based composite multiples models will be constructed for each of the six key industries in South Africa, and their valuation precision will be compared to that of eight optimal Equity-based, single-factor models. This is achieved by using mathematical optimisation algorithms with the goal of minimising the sum of the absolute valuation errors (SAVE), the median valuation error (MVE) and thesum of the squared valuation errors. The findings confirmed that composite models produced valuations that were substantially more accurate than those of single-factor multiples models. On the basis of the SAVE method - the primary optimisation method that was applied in this study - composite models, on annual average, produced between 20.21 and 44.59 per cent more accurate valuations for the period 2001-2010. The results obtained from the MVE method indicated an even higher average annual IMP range of between 12.65 and 66.98 per cent. However, these results were not equally consistent over all six key industries. The findings from this paper will offer a new perspective for the composition of composite multiples models in emerging markets and in South Africa, in particular. It is hoped that the findings from the study will offer new insights into the valuation performance of equity-based composite models.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how banks in Tunisia can develop fairly accurate quantitative prediction models that can serve as very early warning signals for counterparty defaults. Previous works look at business failure prediction from the mid-term and long-term prospects (failure vs non-failure). In this paper, the authors look at the short-term prospect (non-payment of short-payment at maturity). The authors use a naive Bayesian classifier methodology to predict the probability of a loan applicant's non-payment at maturity. The model is based on the theorem of Bayes with strong (naive) independence assumptions. The naive Bayes classifier is particularly appropriate when the dimensionality of the inputs is high. Despite its simplicity, it can often outperform more sophisticated classification methods. The results show that the naive Bayesian classifier model is able to predict the non-payment of the short-term payment at maturity better than the default prediction model. Moreover, the model can be used as a very early warning signal for counterparty defaults. In addition, it can also serve as a tool for credit-risk management. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses a naive Bayesian classifier methodology to assess the credit risk of a Tunisian commercial bank. The results of this study can be used by banks to develop prediction models that can serve as very early warning signals for counterparty defaults.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the short-term effect of state immigration legislation on the stock of undocumented population in Arizona. In particular, the author studies the Arizona Senate Bill 1070 enacted in 2010 (SB 1070), which is arguably one of the strictest state immigration bills passed in recent years. The author uses state-level aggregate data from the Current Population Survey (CPS) and the synthetic control method proposed by Abadie et al. (2010) to calculate a counterfactual for Arizona. The author finds that the effect of the law since it was passed until 2013 was minimal; however, the estimations of the paper do not consider the implications of the changing legislation, and its short-term effects. In that context, one contribution of this paper is that it assesses the flexibility of the illegal population to move as a response to the dynamics of the legislation. One contribution of this paper is that it assesses the flexibility of the illegal population to move as a response to the dynamics of the legislation. This feature offers a wider perspective to study state-level legislation, by allowing the estimation of its impact on the labor supply not included in the formal sector and also on the population not looking for a job.
The purpose of this paper is to explicate el concepto de dependencia serial de largo plazo en el indice bursatil chileno, a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado, para predecir el comportamiento de sus rendimientos futuros. The paper explica el concepto de dependencia serial de largo plazo en el indice bursatil chileno, a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado. Este fenomeno de dependencia serial financiera financiero significa que los rendimientos de activos de un activo hoy pueden tener un incidencia sobre los futuros, puede sobre todo a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado. The originalidad de this paper es que, en el escenario de la nueva economia, ha tomado fuerza, desarrollandose una n new corriente con el objeto de buscar comportamientos complejos en los mercados bursatiles, y, en este sentido, posibilitar unaNueva configuracion de las herramientas que permitan predecir el comportmiento de los rendimientos futuros de los activos.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the differences between the determinants of the capital structure management between Latin American and US firms after the 2008 crisis. The study is based on a sample of 1,845 US and 1,945 Latin American companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) during the period of 2009-2016. The data were analysed using the ordinary least squares regression model and the fixed-effects model. The results show that there are no significant differences between Latin American and US firms in the determinants of the capital structure management. However, there are significant differences in the capital-structure management differences between the two countries after the 2008 crisis. In Latin America, there is a significant increase in the use of debt financing, while in the USA there is no significant difference in the number of debt-financed companies. This study is one of the first to analyse the capital structure management differences in Latin American and US firms after the 2008 crisis. The results of this study contribute to the existing literature by providing empirical evidence on the determinants of capital structure in emerging markets, which are characterized by controls and institutional constraints.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of more energy consumption on economic growth in net energy-importing countries. The paper also examines the role of energy consumption as a determinant of economic growth for net energy importing countries. This study uses a panel data set of net energy-importing countries for the period of 1990-2013. The authors use the panel data for the time period from 1990 to 2013 to estimate the relationship between energy consumption per capita and economic growth using the generalized method of moments. The results of the study show that net energy-importing countries with a higher level of energy consumption are more likely to experience economic growth. The results also show that the positive relationship between energy consumption and economic growth is stronger in net energy importing countries than in non-net energy- importing countries. This is the first study that examines the relationship between energy consumption and economic growth in net energy-importing countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of energy procurement in order to achieve sustainable economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the behavior of the volatility of interbank interest rates in developed and emerging countries. In particular, this paper examines the impact of the US Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC's) monetary policy on the interbank deposit certificate (CDI) interest rate. This study uses the one-day interbank deposit certificate (CDI) as the benchmark interest rate for the developed and emerging countries, and it uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to analyze the volatility of the CDI. The results show that the volatility of interbank interest rates in developed countries is significantly higher than that of emerging countries. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the level of interest rate volatility and the duration of the interest rate. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the volatility between the CDI and the US and Brazilian interest rates. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to investigate the behavior of interbank interest rates in developed and emerging countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers to determine the appropriate monetary policy measures to minimize the impact of the financial crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to take full advantage of the big data of railway wagon flow accumulated by Railway Transport Information Integration Platform and recognize wagon routing locus patterns intelligently by mining the history information of wagon routing in order to forecast the wagon flow routing. This paper proposes an intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST to recognize the locus pattern of railway wagon flow locus by mining the history information of wagon routing in the railway network. The locus patterns of wagon flow routing locus are identified based on the historical data of the railway wagon routing, and the causal relationship analysis method is used to analyze the causal relationships between the locu patterns. The accuracy of spatial prediction is low, and wagon flow time prediction is even more impossible. The accuracy of wagon flow prediction is very low. The shortest routing shortest and the second shortest routing is often unrealistic. The planning wagon routing does not match the actual production, which implies that the wagon routing planning is meaningless to improve the railway transport efficiency. The prediction accuracy of railway wagon flow routing locus pattern intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST is high. This paper proposes an intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST to recognize the locus pattern of railway wagon flow locus based on the historical data of wagon routing in the railway network and forecast the railway wagon routing locus patterns.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze all the possible factors influencing on bird nesting on railway catenary lines, with obtained one year's Shanghai region railway operation events data from Shanghai Railway Bureau and geographic data from the internet, to find out which factors had a statistically significant impact on probability of bird nesting and the characteristics of nesting events. Then, model the effects of nest events on railway operation. First, with the obtained one year's risk events in the form of natural language from Shanghai region railways, the nest event related records were selected and possible affecting factors were extracted. Second, all the possible factors which are inclined to bird nesting were identified with the method of root cause analysis (RCA) and a fishbone diagram was constructed to disclose all possible "inside factors" and "outside factors" affecting bird nesting on railway. Finally, delay stochastic models were built to illustrate the influence quantitatively of the bird nesting events on the delay of railway operation for normal-speed and high-speed railway, respectively. The RCA method was used to analyze the possible influencing factors on bird nesting and a fishbone diagram is constructed to disclose all possible "inside factors" and "outside factors" affecting bird nesting on railway. As to the geographic factors, both population density and water distribution in spring as "outside factor" have positively significant influence on the frequency of nest events. The bird nesting events of Shanghai regional railway generally happen in spring. Most of the nest events took place in the sections of railway stations in other than railway stations. Lognormal stochastic models are the best-fit models for delays caused by bird nesting event of both normal-speed and high-speed railway, which are used for the delay models. This paper analyzed all the possible factors influencing on bird nesting on railway catenary lines, with obtained one year's Shanghai region railway operation events data from Shanghai Railway Bureau and geographic data from the internet, to find out which factors had a statistically significant impact on probability of bird nesting and the characteristics of nesting events. Then, delay stochastic models were built to illustrate the influence quantitatively of the bird nesting events on the delay of railway operation for normal-speed and high-speed railway.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method to identify critical elements of the high-speed train system from the perspective of complex network theory. The CRH2 train is studied as an example in this paper. The critical elements of the high-speed train system refer to the unit that plays an important role in maintaining the global topology and normal functions. The importance measure is the common method of system-critical elements identification, which can be roughly divided into the following two types. First, the reliability achievement worth (RAW) importance measures the importance of the component to maintain the current reliability level of the system, and alternately the reliability reduction worth (RRW) importance is mainly used to analyze the degree of influence of a failed component on the system reliability. Second, Birnbaum's importance is a sensitivity analysis method widely used in the field of component reliability to evaluate the influence of failed critical components on system reliability, and the Bayesian reliability importance is usually combined with fault tree analysis to measure the impact of failures on system failures. The results show that the proposed method is able to identify the critical elements of the CRH2 train system more accurately than the existing methods based on reliability theory and Bayesian reliability importance. In addition, it is also possible to identify critical elements based on complex network theory. This paper proposes a new method to identify critical elements of the CRH2 train system from the perspective of complex network theory. The proposed method can support the identification of system-level critical elements in high-speed railway systems, which is conducive to maintaining the safety and reliability of the system during the design stage.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the existing parking patterns of e-taxi on the road for passenger load and unloads which consequences traffic congestion and finds out the points where this parking occurs. To solve the problem, it is very urgent to establish an e- Taxi station at the Pabna Municipality area. This e- taxi stand should be established in such a place where land acquisition will be easy as well as in a computing distance from the points of load andUnload of passenger. Geographical information system (GIS) and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) have been used to find out the suitable location for the e-taxi station. The location of e- taxi stand has been identified by using the GIS and AHP approach. This study finds out the existing parking patterns of e-taxi on the road for passenger load and unloads which consequences traffic congestion and finds out points where this parking occurs. To solve the problem, it is very urgent to establish an e- Taxi station at the Pabna Municipality area. This e-Taxi stand should be established in such a place where land acquisition will be easy as well as in a computing distance from the points where most load andUnload of passenger happens. Another thing to keep in mind is that the station should have easy access to the road. By considering these criteria this study finds a suitable place for constructing an e -taxi stand. This study will help to reduce the traffic congestion caused by e-taxi and will make sure a smooth traffic system. Another thing is that it will reduce the risk of accidents which happen frequently due to the parking of e- Taxis on the road and mainly at the time of load and unload of passengers.
The development of supply chain finance is beneficial to the healthy development of the core participants of railway freight transport business and its upstream and downstream ecosystems. It links commerce, logistics, warehousing and financial services together, and builds an industry integrated ecological service platform through information technology platform and supporting system, taking data as the basis and combining information technology such as blockchain as innovative means. In an era when the whole society is vigorously advocating and gradually moving towards digital economy, all walks of life are seeking comprehensive digital transformation, transforming and reconstructing traditional businesses through technological innovation, injecting new kinetic energy into railway business expansion and cross-border integration and even the value enhancement of the whole industry. In the aspect of extended value-added services for freight transportation, this paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize This paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize the stable and high-speed development of freight logistics informationization. The development of supply chain finance is beneficial to the healthy development of the core participants of railway freight transport business and its upstream and downstream ecosystems. It links commerce, logistics, warehousing and financial services together, and builds an industry integrated ecological service platform through information technology platform and supporting system, taking data as the basis and combining information technology such as blockchain as innovative means. At the same time, emerging technologies represented by blockchain provide the underlying support for the development and innovation of information technology platforms, creating favorable conditions for the construction of integrated platform operation with "scenario-business-product-data". In the aspect of extended value-added services for freight transportation, this paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize the stable and high-speed development of freight logistics informationization.
The purpose of this paper is to study the real-time rescheduling problem for the freight heavy-haul railway in case of disrupted situations. When disturbances occur, the train movements can be rescheduled in practice to restore the freight train services. In the context of the passenger train dispatching problem, a lot of recover models and algorithms have been developed (Cacchiani et al., 2014; Corman and Meng, 2015). The freight heavy haul railway system is similar to the high-speed railway system at the operation module when considering the trains need run on the special railway track conditions. Thus, some methods applied to passenger train-dispatching problem have been considered in the paper. An integer linear programming model based on alternative graph is formulated. Re-timing and re-ordering are integrated into this model and two objective functions are considered in the proposed model. A real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freight heavy-haul railway is conducted to test the developed model. The optimum disposition timetables are generated in real-time for all disrupted instances. A real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freight heavy-haul railway is conducted to test the developed model. The results of all disrupted cases are obtained in real-time. Moreover, the results give insight into that the consecutive delays are more than the total final delays when the same disrupted situation, and the consecutive or totalfinal delays increase as the primary delays increase. The main contributions of this paper consist of threefold. First, an integer linear programming model for real-time freight heavy-haul train timetable rescheduling problem is developed in case of disrupted situations. The second contribution is related to dispatching measures. Re-timing and re-ordering are integrated into this model and two objective functions are considered in the proposed model. Third, a real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freightheavy-haul railway is tested to test the developed model. The results of all disrupted cases are obtained in real time. Moreover, the results give insight into that the consecutive delays are more than the total final delays when the same disrupted situation, and the consecutive or totalfinal delays increase as the primary delays increase.
Urban rail transit (URT) plays a critical role in maintaining effective passenger mobility nowadays. Modeling URT ridership at the station level can help to not only estimate and forecast ridership but also analyze the influencing factors on it. Given the need to understand the effects of multiple factors on URT Ridership, a growing number of recent studies have sought to model transit ridership. In light of deficiencies of popularly used global direct demand models (OLS multiple regression), considering the advantage of spatial models including geographically weighted regression (GWR) and geographically weighted LASSO (GWL) for modeling potentially spatially varying relationships, the purpose of this paper is to apply GWR with global feature selection operator (LASSO) and GWL into modeling influencing factors of metro ridership in Shenzhen. The authors applied two local direct demand models based on geographically weighted regression (GWR) with global least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) and geographically weighted LASSO (GWL) into modeling influencing factors on metro ridership. For the former, the authors select features by LASSOs globally for all locations before the calibration process of GWR, and for GWL, they can select features for each station by applying LASSOS. The ridership and its influencing factor data of Shenzhen Metro in the year of 2013 are used to elaborate the two models. The results show that GWR with global feature selection operator outperforms OLS in terms of model fitting and spatial explanatory power, while GWL shows better goodness-of-fit than OLS for forecasting station-level ridership. Furthermore, the difference between global feature Selection and local feature selection is discussed in detail. The main contributions are threefold: the approach taken is based on spatial models considering spatial autocorrelation of variables, which outperform the traditional global regression model in terms of model fitting and spatial explanatory power; the difference between global feature selection and local feature selection is discussed; and network structures as a type of factors are quantified with the measurements in measurements in Shenzhen metro.
The purpose of this paper is to model and simulate the lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas under a connected vehicle environment. The lane- changing behaviors of vehicles have a substantial impact on the speed of the main-line vehicles, which reduces the capacity of the ramp area. The proposed model can be used to improve the road capacity and reduce the vehicle delays. The lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups are modeled using a gap acceptance model and a simulation model. The simulation model is based on the gap acceptance probability model, and the lane- changing behavior of vehicles is modeled using the binary logit model. In the simulation model, the vehicle-to-vehicle information is transmitted to the vehicle group by means of a connected vehicle information system. The lane changing behaviors of vehicles are modeled by a lane-change probability model and the driving behavior of the vehicle groups is modeled by the lane changing probability model. The lane-changing behaviors of vehicles have a substantial impact on the speed of the main-line vehicles, which reduces the capacity of the ramp area. The proposed model can be used to study the lane- changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas for alleviating traffic congestion and for increasing the speeds of vehicles under a connected vehicle environment. The performance of the proposed model is demonstrated by employing various scenarios. This study is the first attempt to model and simulate the lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas under a connected vehicle environment. The proposed model and simulation model can be used to improve the efficiency and speed of vehicle group lane- changing behaviors in ramp bottleneck areas. The simulation results can be useful for the design and implementation of an information transmission mechanism that can realize driving safety and traffic flow smoothness under aconnected vehicle environment in China.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway. The unit train is composed of fixed locomotive and several trains, which consists of a locomotive, a train driver and several train. The unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway is formulated as a multiple-objective model, which contains the information about how many trains need to be combined and how they are combined in the loaded direction. The model is formulated in the form of an IP formulation, and the model is applied to solve the unit train-scheduling problem in a real-life case. The proposed model is solved by using a numerical example. The results show that the unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway can be optimized by considering the characteristics of the special characteristics of heavy haul Railway and make a feasible unit train making-up schemes in loaded direction with the limited capacity of heavyhaul railway corridor. The proposed unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway is the first of its kind to consider the special characteristics of the heavyhaul railway and make a feasible unit train making-up schemes in loaded direction with the limited capacity of heavy haul corridor to minimize actual train idling period between arrival time and expected train arrival time.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in Iran's telecommunication networks. This study proposes a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in telecommunication networks. A case study was conducted in a telecommunication network in Iran's telecommunication industry to test the proposed model. Data were collected from the telecommunication companies and analyzed using the method of failure modes and effects analysis (FMEA). The results of the study indicate that the proposed model can be used to assess the impact of multiple failure modes on supply chain sustainability risk in telecommunication networks. In addition, it can also be used as a tool for decision-making process in new product development (NPD). This study proposes a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in telecommunication networks. The proposed model can be used by telecommunication companies to assess the impact of multiple failure modes on the sustainability of their networks.
Implementing information-facilitated product recovery system (IFPRS) practices for a circular economy (CE) in industries is an attempt to improve the use of resources over the complete product life cycle through different product recovery processes. The word CE refers to an appropriate planning that suggests new ways to revamp the linear system, i.e. utilization at consumers' end into a circular system. The transition to a CE requires essential modification across the entire organization also involving its collaborators. Yet, to date, studies specific to the identification and ranking of the issues for achieving IFPRS for achieving a CE are insufficient. In order to add to the CE literature, the purpose of this study is to establish the issues of IF PRS implementation for a CE assisted by a multicriteria decision-making method. This study adopts a multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) approach to identify and prioritize the issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE. In this study, the fuzzy VIKOR technique is adopted to solve the MCDM problems with conflicting and noncommensurable criteria. This method is utilized to identify the mutual agreement solutions to a problem with conflicting criteria that further assist the decision-makers to reach a final decision. The results of the study reveal that the most important issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE are: product data management, information and communication technologies (ICTs), product data storage and retrieval, product recovery processes, return management and return handling. The results also reveal that there is a significant difference in the ranking of these issues among the organizations. The findings of this study also indicate that there are significant differences in the priority of the issues among organizations. Further, it is also found that the decision-making process of implementing a CE is more complex than the implementation of PRSs. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first of its kind to identify and prioritize the issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE by adopting the fuzzy VIKOR technique. The results of this study can be used by the organizations to improve their competitive edge and frame their business position.
The choice of retail location areas is an important decision for retailing decision-makers (DMs) as it is a long-term decision and higher costs are involved in it. As convenience is of utmost importance to the present buyers, a retail store can thrive or flop exclusively dependent on its location. The reason is that a decent area can pull in and be open to a substantial number of individuals affecting deals and benefits. Subsequently, it is hard to make up for the negative impact of an ill-placed location. A large chunk of convenience store profit depends on how "convenient" it is, whether that convenience comes from the layout, variety, brand or location. In this study, the authors attempt to optimize the selection process by making it more relevant to business owner's needs and the necessities of a developing country. This study uses a hybrid approach of fuzzy TOPSIS-GRA hybrid approach to identify the most important criteria for convenience store location selection. The methodology is based on a sample of 24 x 7 open convenience store locations in Delhi NCR, India. The results of the study indicate that the proposed methodology is highly applicable to the convenience store location selection process in India. The study provides a low-cost, easily integrable, practical method to implement the strategy of industry professionals to grow their business and obtain a competitive advantage in the Indian context. The study provides a low-cost, easily integrable, practical method to the strategy of industry professionals to grow their business and obtain a competitive advantage. The fact that this study focusses on round-the-clock convenience stores also enhances the originality of this research. In the past, researchers have focussed more on exact estimations rather than fuzzy environment.
Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has brought to light the fact that supply chains function as the veins of our economy and society. Societies and businesses across the world have faced unprecedented challenges due to the disruptions that the coronavirus outbreak, and the consequent great lockdown, have caused. Therefore, it is important to learn lessons from the disruptions caused by COVID-2019 to build smarter and more resilient supply chains. This paper aims to address what managers may consider keeping supply chain alive due to this pandemics. This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronvirus pandemic. This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronavirus pandemic. This article addresses what managers may consider keeping supply chain alive due to COVID-19. The world is likely to see a more imbricated relation between geopolitics and supply chain decision-making processes. For example, governments are likely to invest and regulate "key supply chains", such as pharmaceutical, personnel protective equipment and agri-food chains in order to ensure national food security. This goes against long-term trends of governments' policies of light touch, and simply putting their trust in key corporate supply chains to "do the right thing"; and therefore, relying on big retailers' and suppliers' strong customer orientation to keep supply chains moving. This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronavirus pandemic.
This study dwells on the literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of the carbon footprint (CFP) in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce the CFP. The study recognizes the implementation of carbon regulation as an essential tool by organizations to achieve sustainable growth. This study is based on a systematic literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of the CFP in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce their CFP. The study identifies the key managerial bits of knowledge for the specialists and future scientists. The study identified that the target of CFP reduction forced different firms to develop sustainable supply chains. However, due to social pressure and regulations, they have to account for different sustainable practices. In future research, one can focus more on the social responsibility aspect of the firms. The study has identified that there are very fewer numbers of research articles that consider different uncertainty in their sustainable operation. COVID-19 also created a massive effect over different supply chains, and researchers should also consider this kind of uncertain situation. This study is one of the first systematic literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of CFP in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce the CFP. The study recognizes the implementation of carbon regulation as an essential tool by organizations to achieve sustainable growth. This study also discusses different existing quantitative and qualitative modeling approaches, which helped achieve a sustainable supply network by reducing CFP, which help future researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the supply of beauty and personal care retailers in Bangladesh and the strategies that can be undertaken to improve supply resilience. This study is based on a case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the retail managers of small retailers of beauty and personal care products in Bangladesh. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings of this study revealed that the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected the supply of beauty and personal care retailers in Bangladesh. The study also found that the retailers are facing problems in obtaining regular product from their suppliers due to the limited transportation, restrictions of the government and limited operations of the distributors and wholesalers during the pandemic. The findings of the study also revealed that retailers need to improve the resilience of their supply to ensure the smooth product delivery to mass people. The findings of this study can serve as a guide for these huge number of retailers to manage their supply side to ensure supply resilience. The findings are expected to assist retailers in obtaining the regular product from suppliers, thereby maintaining flawless product delivery to mass people.
The purpose of this paper is to solve the sustainable agro-food grain supply chain (SSC) network design problem for the movement of food grains from farms to the purchase hubs and subsequently to the required warehouses in the country. The present study attempts to address the concerns of the farmers regarding the cost of transportation and carbon emissions. A mathematical model is proposed to minimize the costs related with transportation and carbon emissions via centralized planning for the movement of food grains from farms to the purchase hubs and subsequently to the required warehouses in the country. The centralization for the collection of farmers' production and transportation can be performed through optimized routes and vehicle planning. Meta-heuristic algorithms are used for solving the SSC network design problem. The results of the study indicate that the proposed model is able to minimize the transportation cost and carbon emissions of food grains in the Indian agro-supply chain. The proposed model can be applied to the entire country. The study also suggests the need for centralization for the collection of farmers' production and transportation issues. The study is the first of its kind to address the SSC network design problem in the Indian agro-supply chain. The study is also the first to propose a mathematical model to minimize the costs related with transportation and carbon emissions via centralized planning for the movement of food grains.
Establishing resilient supply chain is one of the fruitful strategies to overcome the adverse situation tactfully as well as to improve the overall business performance. The purpose of this paper is to identify the most significant performance indicators (PIs) for measuring the performance of resilient pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) and develop a model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain. This study deployed the Delphi based fuzzy DEMATEL approach to identify and analyze the most significant PIs of resilient PSC and developed a fuzzy SD model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain. The Delphi approach has the advantages of extracting the research data from the experts based on their prior experiences and developing cause and effect diagram along with fuzzy environment. The findings of the study reveal that the most significant PIs of resilient supply chain are "Risk Management," "Organizational Resilience," "Customer Resiliency," "Quality Management", "Operational Resilientness," "Product Resiliency," "Market Resilience" and "Product Reliability." It is also found that the PIs are highly interrelated and have a significant impact on the resilience level of the supply chain. Moreover, it is found that there is a positive and significant relationship among these PIs for predicting the resilience of the PSC. To the best of the authors' knowledge, the resilient supply chain PIs have not been modeled yet to better understand the relationships among them. Therefore, integrating fuzzy DEMATEL with SD helps to construct more robust models. Moreover, this study has developed a model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for evaluating green supplier satisfaction in green supply chain management (GSCM) context. Green supplier satisfaction refers to a supplier's feeling of fairness with regard to buyer's incentives and feedbacks and supplier's contributions within a green buyer-seller relationship. This paper uses the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and information entropy theory (IET) to describe the probability of green supplier satisfaction degree. Then, entropy technique for order preference by similarity to an ideal solution (TOPSIS) is used to determine the double weight of evaluating criteria. The subjective weight is determined by AHP and the objective weight is decided by IET. Finally, the sensitivity analysis is performed by using TOPSIS. The results of the sensitivity analysis show that the proposed methodology is able to capture the uncertainty in green supplier satisfaction degree. The sensitivity analysis also shows that the hybrid uncertainty decision method can be used to determine the double weight of evaluating criteria. The subjective weight is determined by AHP and the objective weight is decided by IET. This study makes three major contributions. First, this is one of the first works to provide a conceptual understanding of green supplier satisfaction and a comprehensive appraisal model to evaluate it. The second contribution is in developing an effective framework for green suppliers' satisfaction, incorporating various measures from environmental perspective. Third, a hybrid uncertainty decision method is introduced, by integrating analytic hierarchy process and IET and entropy technique for order preference by similarity to an ideal solution (TOPSIS).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. According to a contingency theory, this study attempts to understand the associates between the logistics innovation capabilities and the supply chain risk. An empirical study was conducted to investigate the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. The data were collected from the Australian courier firms. The research model was tested using the structural equation modelling (SEM) approach. The findings reveal that logistics innovation capability mitigates the negative impacts of supply chain risks. Moreover, the results show that the logistics innovation capabilities have a positive impact on the supply chain risk. This study contributes to the supply chain risk management literature by investigating the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. The findings of this study may help the researchers and practitioners to understand the impacts of logistics innovation capabilities on the supply chains risks.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of fourth party logistics (4PL) provider as a mediator in the relationship between supply chain agility and the performance of customer companies. In this study, the capability dimensions of 4PL service providers and the concepts to be considered to measure these dimensions are examined. The scale development process was designed and implemented including the concepts existing in the literature. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the top managers of the companies who are the customers of the 4PL services providers in Turkey. Findings obtained at the end of the study reveal the effect of the capability dimensions of 4PL service providers on the performance of the customer companies. It can be said that only if companies realize supply chain integration and adopt information technology in the supply chain and have an agile supply chain, they can receive 4PL services and 4PL can fully demonstrate their capabilities. This study is the first attempt to develop the scale of talent dimensions of the first 4PL service providers in Turkey. In addition, this study is one of the few studies in the literature on the role of 4PL as a mediator in the relationship between supply chain agility and firm performance.
The purpose of this paper is to critically review and identify the sources of uncertainty related to cross-docking operations. Without the proper identification and discussion of these uncertainties, the optimisation models developed to improve cross- docking operations may be inherently impractical and unrealistic. A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the sources of uncertainty in cross-docking operations. The selected studies were analysed using thematic statistics to identify and classify the uncertainty components. The identified uncertainties were further classified into supply uncertainties and demand uncertainties. The selected studies addressed various issues in cross-docking operations under uncertainty at tactical and operational levels. Since the focus is on optimising operations with existing infrastructure and facilities, studies on strategic-level problems were found to be scarce. In addition to supply uncertainties resulted from the suppliers or manufacturers or demand uncertainties from end users and retailers, there are other sources of uncertainty that can affect cross-Docking operations. Delay in arrival time of trucks, changes in the contents of a truck, truck breakdown, unloading incoming trucks, a breakdown in handling facilities, the absence of workers, loading, shipping, and delay in the departure time of vehicles can all be considered operations that are prone to uncertainty. This paper is the first systematic literature review on uncertainties in cross-docking operations. The paper identifies the sources of uncertainty and their components and classifies them according to their locations of occurrence. The identified uncertainties can be used as a basis for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to review the available literature in the broad area of Halal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords through bibliometric analysis; identifies influential research and cluster them based on citations and PageRank; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas of HalAl. This paper reviews the available literature in the broad area of Halal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords through bibliometric analysis; identifies influential research and cluster them based on citations and PageRank; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas. The authors have tried to analyse the research using bibliometrics techniques like identifying the top authors, journals and citation, and further data mining techniques are for analysing article title, keywords and abstract of 946 articles obtained through Scopus. The findings of this study indicate that the research in the area of Halal is growing with an upward trend, and there is a need for further research in this area. It is evident from the literature that there is an increase in the number of articles published in the field ofHalal in the last ten years. Moreover, it is evident that there are different sub-fields in Halal that will provide the direction for future researchers. To the best of authors' knowledge, no study has reviewed and evaluated the subject area of Halal using bibliometric and network analysis techniques. Therefore, to address this gap, this paper reviews the available literature in the broad area ofHalal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords, citations and PageRank; identifies influential research; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network design problem that considers cost control and carbon dioxide emissions. A stochastic multiobjective multi-objective optimization (MIP) model is introduced to estimate the minimum carbon dioxide emission and operational cost in the CLSC network. A corresponding Epsilon method is proposed to solve the problem. This paper proposes a stochastic MIP model aiming to control carbon dioxide emissions, and factors in both environmental levels and facilities capacity levels are integrated. The scenario-based method and the Epsilon method are proposed to solve the problem. The numerical experiments are conducted to verify the proposed methods and the proposed model. The results show that the proposed stochastic MIP model with uncertain demand is an effective way of formulating and solving CLSC network design problem. The Epsilon method is tested effectively based on the numerical experiments. The numerical experiments are conducted to verify the proposed method and the proposed model. Conversion efficiency calculation can achieve the trade-off between cost control and CO2 emission. Existing research paid less attention to integrated models that consider both environmental and economic objectives on logistics facility environmental level option decisions and transportation activities under uncertain demand. In this study, a biobjective MIP of CLSC-related optimization problems is discussed to contribute to the stream of related research. Considering uncertain factors can make the proposed model more practical.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze and apply the modern supply chain system in China. China's manufacturing industry has become an indispensable part of the development of the global economy. In almost all aspects, Chinese products have significant price advantages over foreign-made products. Chinese products usually exhibit characteristics of high quality and low prices, which gives Chinese products a strong competitive advantage in the world market. The competitive advantage of Chinese products not only creates an economic miracle, but also yields a series of important consequences for the global supply chain. The authors use the modern supply chain system to analyze the comparative advantage of China's manufacturing industry. The authors use two structural factors: scale effect of human resources and agglomeration effect of land costs to make the comparison between China's comparative advantage in the manufacturing of high value-added products and that of other developed countries. The comparative advantage of Chinese products in manufacturing industry is produced by two structural factors: scale effect and agglomeration effect. Scale effect of human resources results in the comparative advantage in the results of labor costs of land resources in construction of industrial parks and industrial high-tech zones, thus helping China build a great land capacity and adequate supply system. Industrial agglomersation in China has formed the basis of scale effect in China's manufacturing industry. In the comparative analysis, the characteristics of production factor have been summarized. This study is one of the first to apply the modern supply chain system in China. The results of the comparative analysis and the application of the results in the comparison of China's comparative advantage in the manufacturing of high value-added products are clearly clarified. This study is also the first attempt to analyze the comparative advantage of the supply chain in China from the perspective of scale effect and agglomeration effect.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on supply demand and auction systems with resource pooling in modern supply chain management (SCM) from a theoretical modeling perspective. In this paper, the authors focus on supply and demand systems with resource pooling in modern supply chain with auction systems from a theoretical modeling perspective. The supply andDemand auction systems serve as information sharing mechanisms among manufacturers and suppliers in modern SCM. Its main purpose is to match the supply demand and the demand of the supply chain among the parties. The authors introduce the auction mechanism to solve the following three functions: price mining, dynamic supply chain construction and resources integration. The results show that auction models with resource pooling in modern supply chain management can improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the supply chain network construction, the information sharing mechanism, and the cooperation mechanism in modern SCM. While several researchers have pursued auction models in SCM separately, less attention has been paid to auction mechanism with modern supply chain issues. In this paper, by introducing the auction mechanism, the authors aim to realize the following three functions. First is price mining: auction is an open mechanism with multiple participants. Every bid is based on its assessment of targeted products or services. Everyone has his own utility and purchasing ability. So, the final price reflects the market value of the auction. Second is dynamic supply chain construction: through auction, the firm can find appropriate partners efficiently. Most of the time auctions are one-time transactions. But if two firms cooperate well in supply chain, they can continue this relationship. If one of parties is dissatisfactory, then a new auction can be held to find a new partner. Third is resources integration: in business practices, especially in modern auctions, auctioneers can integrate resources and ally buyers or sellers to gain more efficiency in auctions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality deterioration of bananas in the post-harvest supply chain (SC) from the farm to the retail stores. The study investigated the occurrence of damage in bananas during distribution and consumer perceptions of cosmetic damage. Banana samples were collected from the farm, pack house and retail stores in Queensland, Australia, during the post-harvest SC. The samples were subjected to a series of quality deterioration assessments to determine the extent of fruit damage and the impact of the damage on the cosmetic quality of bananas. The damage assessments were carried out using a standard scale developed by Ekman et al. (2011). The results of the study revealed that there was a significant deterioration in the cosmetic quality of bananas during the SC from the farm to the retail stores. The results also revealed that the most common cause of cosmetic damage in bananas was vibration in-transit. It was also found that cosmetic defects in bananas were associated with their perceived marketability and marketability was negatively associated with the perceived value. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of post-harvest mechanical damage on the cosmetic quality of bananas across the SC. The results of the study will assist the banana growers and the retail industry in identifying the causes of fruit damage and the risk factors for damage.
Reverse logistics (RL) is a logistics function focusing on the backward flow of products from customers to suppliers. The purpose of this paper is to review literature related to RL and sustainability performance and evaluate the performance of the RL process through three dimensions of sustainability, that is, the environmental, economic and social aspects. A content analysis approach was adopted to systematically collect the relevant information from the papers published in academic journals and conferences from the period of 1990-2019. The papers were analysed using the content analysis method. The findings of the review show that when RL is investigated in the context of green supply chain management (GSCM), it is studied as a single factor without considering the relationship between the various RL processes and ignoring the different disposition options and possible performance outcomes. Also, it is compared to other GSCM practices with more attention being paid to its environmental and social performance and contributions to economic and social benefits being overlooked. Furthermore, only a small number of studies have investigated RL and sustainability and their interrelationship. In addition, the social aspect of sustainability has been largely overlooked in previous studies. This paper presents a comprehensive review of the literature to evaluate the performance of the RL process based on the three dimensions of sustainability including environmental, economic and social aspects. The findings of the review show that when RL is investigated in the context of green supply chain management, it is studied as a single factor without considering the relationship between the various RL processes and ignoring the different disposition options and their possible performance outcomes. Also, the social aspect of sustainability has been largely overlooked.
This paper aims to review the extant literature of service supply chain management (SSCM) from the perspective of behavioural operations in order to identify the gaps in the research and agendas for future research, thereby facilitating the understanding of the development and potential of this cross-disciplinary research area. This paper selected 64 articles published between 2009 and 2018. These papers were systematically reviewed according to two dimensions: the first dimension is service supply chain link, which includes service supply management, service demand management,service integration management and service co-ordination management; the second dimension is behavioural factor. This study identifies three distinctive features of SSCM from the perspective of behavioural operations: abundant research issues, diverse research backgrounds and multiple methods and the greater attention of this research towards the combination of academia and practice. It also identifies three major research challenges: service characteristics are difficult to quantify; service is not standardised; and systematic, comprehensive and multidisciplinary research is urgently needed. These challenges present research opportunities going forward. This study is the first attempt to review the extant literature of SSCM from the perspective of behavioural operations in order to identify the gaps in the research and agendas for future research, thereby facilitating the understanding of the development and potential of this research area.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a three-step approach for companies to determine how to implement green supply chain management (GSCM) practices to reduce the environmental burden of their supply chains. This is a conceptual paper based on literature review and case studies. The paper examines reasons why organizations should green their supply chains or not considering different stakeholders in Part 2. Part 3 defines GSCM based on a product life cycle and introduces five green supply chain management (GSCM) practices. Part 4 explores the opportunities and challenges of greening supply chains using existing examples. In Part 5, three steps are developed for effective greening. Conclusions with a focus on practical implications are introduced in Part 6. Companies need to understand the life cycle characteristics of their products and the required GSCM practices to reduce their environmental burden. Doing so helps them to identify major supply chain environmental burden causation activities. Here, companies need to understanding how they are positioned in the supply chain upstream from raw materials suppliers down to end consumers of products. An upstream supplier position requires control at the input side to mitigate environmental upfront causes with practices such as green purchasing and eco-design. Servicing in the downstream supply chain, and if this supply chain position causes the greatest environmental burden, requires cooperation with downstream customers and better utilization of resources through materials recovery. This paper provides a three-step approach for companies to determine actions for greening their supply chains. To being with, companies need to understand the life cycle characteristics of their products and the required GSCM practices to reduce their environmental burden. Doing so helps them to identify major supply chain environmental burden causation activities.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents and outcomes of supply chain management (SCM) practices and practices of Bangladeshi firms. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the ready-made garment (RMG) industry of Bangladesh. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The findings of this study provide support for the validity of the causal relationship stated in the hypotheses, in the supply chain-oriented industry. The results confirmed that mutual trust is crucial in an SCM and that members having a lack of trust and commitment in the SCM cannot attain the positive results of supply chain collaboration, communication and cooperation. Meanwhile, communication, cooperation and mutual trust were found to be the most significant drivers of SCM practices and outcomes. This study is the first of its kind to address the issues like antecedents, practices and outcomes of SCM with respect to Bangladeshi firms. The findings of this study provide support for the validity of the causal relationship stated in the hypotheses.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores in the retail industry. Traditional site selection in the industry is heavily reliant on a tremendous amount of work from the site selection team to collect all potential regions' relevant information. This is referred to as manual site selection, which is inefficient and the performance of a selected location is difficult to forecast. In this paper, the authors develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores based on the facility location problem (FLP) in combinatorial optimization. The proposed system is based on a combination of traditional site selection methods and machine learning techniques. The authors propose a new approach to site selection based on data-based site selection, which involves how to best combine the external macro and location-related data with a firm's internal data to select an ideal location. The results show that the proposed intelligent site selection system outperforms traditional site selection methods in terms of accuracy and efficiency. The proposed system is able to select the most suitable location for Yonghui to open a number of stores in a city, and it is also able to predict the location of the next store more accurately. This study is the first attempt to develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores. The proposed system can be used to select the most suitable location for a retail store in terms of both cost and convenience. It can also be used as a decision support system to improve the performance of a selected location.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ways of defining and measuring environmental practices and capabilities for the circular economy (CE) in businesses. In particular, this paper aims to analyze the relationship between dynamic capabilities and environmental accounting for the CE in the case of eco-innovation. Based on the theoretical framework of dynamic capabilities, the authors propose a conceptual model of environmental accounting for the CE in businesses. The model is tested by means of a survey conducted with a sample of Spanish businesses that are engaged in the CE. The results show that the dynamic capabilities of eco-innovation, eco-design and environmental management systems (EMSs) have a significant impact on the environmental accounting for the CE in businesses. The results also show that environmental accounting has a positive effect on the adoption of the CE model in businesses, but it has a negative effect on environmental reporting. This study contributes to the literature by proposing a new approach to define and measure environmental accounting for the CE in businesses, which is based on the dynamic capabilities framework. It is the first to analyze the relationship between dynamic capabilities and environmental accounting in the context of CE.
- The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the importance of national identity to leaders of great powers because national identity words are being used in consistently high amounts for both U.S. and Chinese leaders. From this finding, new research opportunities into the role ofnational identity in global powers have been made and should be utilized in future studies. - The paper uses big-data analysis of political rhetoric to examine the use of national identity words by leaders of the United States, China, and other global powers. - National identity words were found to be used in consistently high amounts for both U.S. and Chinese leaders. From this finding, new research opportunities into the role of national identity in global powers have been made and should be utilized in future studies. Also, many similarities between the political interests of the United States and China can be seen in the data, making the case that China is perhaps on the same road that the U. S. was when it began its development into a world power. - This paper demonstrates the importance of linguistic analysis and how the interactions between political rhetoric and the progress of a country can be investigated. Big data is an effective means to do so and much research can be done under the same framework as this paper so as to encourage a growth in knowledge on the nature of global powers.
The purpose of this paper is to review the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force (the Force) and theorise the existing strategic planning practice with the 3-H framework - strategic planning with Head-oriented foresight process with the elements of futures studies, strategy to be executed with Hand-oriented competence approach by Heart-driven highly committed Force. This study is based on a systematic review of the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force. The authors conducted a comprehensive literature review to identify the key documents, which were then analysed using the 3-H framework to theorise the existing strategic planning practice with the elements of futures studies, strategy to be executed with hand-oriented competence approach and heart-driven highly committed Force. The findings reveal the following key lessons. First, top management's genuine commitment and support during the entire process is vital to the success of strategic management. When people believe that their leaders mean business and the leaders walk the talk, subordinates would seriously follow. Second, an effective heart-to-heart communication, which indoctrinates purposeful cause helps the buy-in process as it will yield people's 'want to' commitment to achieve the strategic goals. Third, creating a 3-H conducive culture is important to support effective implementation of the strategic plan. Fourth, trust bonding will glue each H domain of the framework together to boost team spirit among different divisions within the police organisation. Last but not the least, synergistic alignment among H domains to create a holistic approach to drive the strategic planning process is crucial to an effective strategic management in the Force. This study is the first of its kind to review the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force using the 3-H framework. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other police organisations to adopt a holistic approach to achieve their strategic goals and achieve their desired outcomes.
Japan has experienced rapid aging and is one of the most rapidly aging countries in the world. Since the mid-1980s, the health sector reform has been underway to build a better healthcare system and hence support a super-aged society. Currently, the Japanese government is reforming the social security system, aiming for 2040. In other East Asian countries, as in Japan, society is aging rapidly, and healthsector reform has become an urgent issue. The purpose of this paper is to discuss the issues for preparing a healthcare system for 2035-2040 and what can be learnt from the Japanese experience. The authors first review the trends of health sector reform in Japan from the mid-1980s to the present, noting the background in which the reform was implemented. Then, the existing problems occurring in the aging of Japan are discussed. Based on those considerations, the issues for preparing a healthcare system for 2040 and what can be learnt from the Japanese experience are summarized. The Japanese experience has shown that a kind of Community-based Integrated Care System is essential, particularly to be considered from the perspective of health care users. The most important challenges to a continuously aging society tend to be the lack of medical staff and also the maintenance of a sense of solidarity throughout the whole society. The influence of COVID-19 pandemic is to be investigated in future, but local governments would be willing to play an important role in healthcare delivery, and this kind of commitment is needed in a super-aged society. The Japanese experience has shown that a kind of Community-based Integrated Care System is essential, particularly to be considered from the perspective of health care users. As a super-aged society, it is critical for Japan to have more consensus to further remove potential obstacles, paying attention to the change of paradigm and the purpose of care.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of Artificial Intelligence (AI) on the implementation of the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India. This study is based on a case study of the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0. It is important to mention that AI will not be able to replace healthcare professionals permanently, instead it will enable them to increase their performance accuracy as well as the diagnosis rate. On the other hand, psychological distress and anxiety might present due to the fear of job loss. It can be reduced by slowly introducing physicians to the concept of AI and providing them with an adequate time frame for adjustment. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of AI on the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India. It is also the first attempt to explore the role of AI in the health protection scheme in rural India.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of Public-Private Partnership (PPP) in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the New Urban Agenda (NUA) and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development in Bangladesh. This paper is based on a case study of Khulna, Bangladesh, which is a major urban city in the Asia-Pacific region. The case study was conducted in the context of the New Urban Agenda (NUA) which is intricately linked with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (UN). This paper discusses the role of PPP in achieving SDGs. The case study of Khulna highlights the importance of PPPs for achieving SDGs. The case study shows that the partnership has been successful in achieving the SDGs in terms of reducing urban congestion, improving water, sanitation, drainage, and waste management, and improving social and physical infrastructures including city-road networks. This paper is the first of its kind in the context of PPPs for achieving SDGs in urban areas in Bangladesh. The case study of Khulna, Bangladesh is also unique in terms of its focus on urban development in a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the governance and administrative process of the Light Rail Train (LRT) project in Palembang, Indonesia, as a part of the city's desakota technopole development. This paper is a case study, using desakota technopole theory as its framework, supported by interviews and document analysis. Previous research and academic publications related to Palembang discourses are used as a foundation for this paper. Palembang has to embrace more strategic and innovative ways of maximizing the long-term benefits of not only the Palembang LRT, but also ongoing desakota technopole development. It has been found that there is urgent need for the government to support tourism in the old town area, while the new town area continues to develop. This paper is a case study, using desakota technopole theory as its framework, supported by interviews and document analysis. In addition, the governance and administrative processes of the Palembang LRT project, how national infrastructure policy acts as a key driver, who are the key policy actors, and the results of the project are discussed.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of public participation (PP) in landuse planning, identify the constraints and facilitators to effective participatory planning, and identify areas of possible improvement. The study adopted a qualitative research approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with various stakeholders, including members of interest groups, members of the planning board and the planning commission, and staff of the Town Planning and Land Services Department (TPLSD). The findings of this study revealed that the majority of the respondents were aware of the importance of PP in landuse planning. However, they were not aware of its effectiveness. The findings also revealed that there is a lack of awareness of the need for PP among the general public, and that there are some constraints to effective participatory planning. The study also identified the facilitators and facilitators to effective planning, and areas of possible improvement. This study contributes to the literature on PP by providing the Nigerian experience on stakeholders' perspectives on PP in a developing country. This study therefore evaluates the effectiveness of PP, identifies the constraints and facilitators to effective participatory planning, and identifies areas of possible improvement.
- The purpose of this research is to investigate the role of red tape in public sector organizations and on the economy of Punjab. This study aims to create a clear understanding of the extent of red-tapism in the province of Punjab, Pakistan. It also contributes towards identifying measures that could reduce red tape and make the public sector more effective. - Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of public sector organizations in the province of Punjab, Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique. - The results showed that the use of red tape is high in Punjab. Red tape plays a negative role in organizational performance by directly and indirectly affecting employee behavior. It was also observed that the government is trying to privatize governmental organizations to reduce the amount of red-tapism. The findings indicate that red tape has a negative impact on the overall organizational performance. - This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the role of red-tapism in public sector organizations and its impact on the economy of Punjab.
The purpose of this paper is to examine civil service reforms in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and the Kingdom of Thailand. Although the two units have dissimilar historical backgrounds and political systems, the expected outcomes of planned reforms were closely aligned with global trends of New Public Management (NPM) and good governance. The two units share a similar characteristic of a robust bureaucratic structure. Another point of commonality is that the reforms were motivated by global trends and pressures. However, Hong Kong and Thailand are strikingly dissimilar in all other respects. This paper adopts a case study approach because it is appropriate for closely examining data within a specific context. It undertakes a review of the literature to identify the nature of civil service reforms and the causes of divergence in strategies adopted by Hong Kong and Thailand. The discussion is based on secondary materials obtained from academic studies, information from the two governments, relevant websites, and media reports. These sources provide information on the history, tradition and developments of civil services as well as substance and trends of reforms. Although the two units have dissimilar historical backgrounds and political systems, the expected outcomes of planned reforms were closely aligned with global trends of New Public Management (NPM) and good governance. There were common objectives and similar goals were included in the reform designs. However, the values held by the regimes in power led to the adoption of different strategies for civil service reforms in Hong Kong and Thailand. This paper contributes to the understanding of civil service reforms in Hong Kong and Thailand. It highlights that there is no single path to successful reforms. The two cases help strengthen the argument that despite designing reforms with similar goals, additional factors such as traditional, societal and political forces result in the adoption of different strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the operationalising obstacles, procrastinated progress, and challenges faced by the Government of Nepal in implementing the federal Constitution and Local Governance Operation 2017. This paper is based on a qualitative case study of the implementation of federalism in Nepal. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key actors in the local government system (LGS) and the federal government. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis. Nepal is now devolving power to the federal, state, and local levels by launching participatory democracy. This has contributed to ending discrimination based on ethnicity, language, gender, religion, class, and regional and local imbalances. However, the absence of elected representation and extended control of the central bureaucracy have dampened power-sharing and constrained service delivery at the local level. Similarly, the capacity of the local government system (LGS) to operationalise the constitutionally sanctioned powers and the LGOA 2017 was depleted due to the protracted political transition from a monarchy to a republic and low institutional and human resource capacity. This study is the first of its kind to examine the operationalising obstacles, procrastinated progress, and barriers to the implementation of federalism in a developing country context.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze two aspects of Nepal's affirmative policy: the extent of representativeness and the degree of responsiveness in the Nepalese Civil Service (NCS). The paper draws from facts and figures related to the previous unitary system of government and the Civil Service Act of 2007. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with civil servants. From this study, it is apparent that fine tuning of the Nepalese bureaucracy will ensure the representation of different ethnic groups, religions, regions, and genders in all the services and at all levels within it. To warrant this, it needs to address the problems in the recruitment and promotion processes. Some of these can be addressed more easily than others; for example, it may be reasonably easy to set up an online portal for people to submit their applications, or to reduce the length of the examinations. Other problems, however, are deeply rooted in society. This is the first study to analyze the extent to which the Nepalese Civil Service has become more representative and responsive since the Civil Service Act of 2007.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the phenomenon in which thousands of parents are moving to other countries to rent wombs "surrogacy-led migration" or "fertility migration". These terms will be used interchangeably in this paper. Although surrogacy is not a new phenomenon, the scarcity of research on the procedure and fertility migration is obvious. The paper is based on a review of the literature on surrogacy-led migration and the authors' personal experiences as surrogate mothers. Surrogacy-led migration has become a global phenomenon, and it has prompted many countries in Asia and beyond to change their policies. However, where one market closes, another opens in order to meet the growing demand for surrogacy, there are policy dilemmas to be resolved. This is the first paper to explore the phenomenon of surrogacy-led migration in the context of fertility migration. The paper provides insights into the policy dilemmas that countries are facing in order to regulate surrogacy. It also provides a conceptual framework for future research.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the dynamics of Emiratization in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) by analyzing the underlying contextual factors, policies and programs, the outcomes and the challenges. This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and Programs implemented by the UAE Government. - This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and programs implemented by the UAE Government. Based on the theoretical understanding of social engineering, this paper examines the rationales and impact of the process on Emiratization, as well as its pitfalls and future challenges. - The paper finds that the UAE Government has adopted social engineering as a tool to connect people with the knowledge-based economy (i.e. a key pillar of the UAE Vision 2021) and to provide them sustained prosperity. This would be challenging in this age of disruptive technology, globalization and demographic change. The Emiratization policy journey has shown some remarkable success in terms of accommodating the local human capital in government jobs; however, it remains perplexing in the private sector. - This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and programs implemented by the UAE Government. It provides an insight into the underlying contextual factors, policies and program, the outcomes and the challenges.
The purpose of this paper is to examine contemporary issues of governance and administration in Sri Lanka. It focuses on current trends and crises in governance and its impact on institutional quality. It argues that the two key requirements for development in any country are political stability and quality governance. This paper is based on a mixed-method approach (Creswell, 2014). It uses a large volume of secondary sources together with two survey results. The first one is the Citizens' Trust in Political and Public Institutions of Sri Lanka carried out in 2015 under The Norwegian Programme for Capacity Development in Higher Education and Research for Development (NORHED) project on Policy and Governance Studies in South Asia with 1,500 respondents from 12 districts in Sri Lanka. The second is the Global Corruption Barometer Survey for Sri Lanka undertaken in 2019 by Transparency International in nine provinces. The qualitative evidence gathered from secondary sources is used to substantiate quantitative data. The paper discusses theoretical standpoints, and the third analyses governance performance and political implications. The paper argues that the two key requirements for development in any country are political stability and quality governance. Over the last two decades, 'governance' has come to be considered as a core development problem in many developing countries, and they are unable to exercise effective, accountable, impartial, and transparent public authority. In the past decades, the quest for better and sound governance has been on the policy agenda of governments in Sri Lanka, but the indicators continued to show poor performance. Various reforms, institutional changes and policies have attempted to improve and streamline the governance process at all levels, but governance and administration continue to remain unresponsive, unaccountable, non-transparent, unfair, centralized, and rigid. This is the first attempt to examine the contemporary governance and administration crisis in Sri Lanka using a mixed-method approach. The paper contributes to the existing literature by providing a comprehensive analysis of the contemporary trends and crises in governance and its impact on institutional quality.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of government effectiveness in Africa and Asia by addressing two research questions: (1) Does government effectiveness converge in Africa or Asia? and (2) What are the factors that influence government effectiveness? The study uses the panel-corrected standard error regression of Beck and Katz (1995), which accounts for both heteroskedasticity and serial correlation. Besides, the beta-convergence and sigma-conversgence models have been used to test for the presence of convergence in government effectiveness. The result indicates that both beta-convergence and sigma-conversgence exist among African and Asian countries, with the latter showing a greater extent. Among all explanatory variables, Asia performs better than Africa except for press freedom, and voice and accountability. Corruption perception index, government size, voice and Accountability, regulatory quality, and economic wealth have a significant positive effect on government effectiveness. Press freedom harms government effectiveness suggesting that freedom is necessary but not sufficient if there are political actors whose actions undermine freedom. Similarly, the political constraint index, as reflected by checks and balances, is necessary and sufficient to enhance government effectiveness, especially in Asia. This study fills the dearth in research by examining the determinants and convergence of government effectiveness in Africa and Asia. The existing literature has not explored the possibility of convergence among African and Asian countries.
This article provides a comparative analysis of how the six governments have dealt with corruption scandals in six Asian countries and identifies the three lessons for combating corruption. This article adopts a comparative analysis of the 11 grand corruption scandals selected in this special issue by Krishna Tummala, Japan by Matthew Carlson, Macau by Sonny Lo, Malaysia by David Jones, Philippines by Eric Batalla and Singapore by Jon Quah. The findings of this study reveal that the six governments in the six Asian countries have adopted different approaches to dealing with corruption scandals. In India, the government has focused on the prevention of corruption scandals and the elimination of corruption in the public and private sectors. In the Philippines, corruption scandals have been used as a political tool to eliminate political opponents. In Macau, corruption has been used to eliminate the political opponents of the government. In Singapore, the Government has used corruption scandals to eliminate corruption in public and the private sectors and the Government of the Philippines has used these scandals as a tool to remove corruption from the public sector. In Indonesia, the corruption scandals were used to remove the corruption of the former President Suharto. In Malaysia, the scandal of the 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) scandal is used as an example of how the government of Malaysia has dealt with the 1MDB scandal. This article provides a comparative analysis of how the six governments have dealt with these scandals and identifies the three lessons for combating corruption in other countries.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze two cases of constitutional corruption in India: the purchase of Rafale jet fighters from France and the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35A dividing the State of J&K into two Union Territories bringing them under greater control of the Central Government. The analysis here focuses on two cases of constitutional corruption: the purchase of Rafale jet fighters from France and the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35A dividing the State of Jammu and Kashmir into two Union Territories bringing them under greater control of the Central Government. Both the Rafale and J&K issues seem to be fait accompli. However, lest anyone believes that there was a closure, the Supreme Court left the door open by saying that it would "not stand in the way" of the CBI, the lead anticorruption agency in India, if it wants to pursue the complainant's petition. It is safe to assume that the CBI would not pursue the matter further. This is one of the first papers to analyze constitutional corruption in India, which is the largest working democracy in the world. It is the first of its kind in the Indian context.
Sontaku refers to cases when officials grant special treatment to some project because it is associated with a powerful person such as a prime minister. The word sontaku surfaced when it was used by the school director of Moritomo Gakuen and soon became one of Japan's most important "buzzwords" of the year (Kyodo, 2017). The purpose of this paper is to examine two major scandals involving sontakus that have affected the Abe administration after 2017. The article is based on the analysis of newspaper accounts of two major scandals involving sontaku that have affected the Abe administration after 2017. Sontaku is a universal phenomenon linked to the exercise of political power but was not linked to political scandals until 2017. It became an important buzzword after a controversy over the sale of government-owned land to a school operator. Critics of the Abe administration began to use the term to criticize the government and bureaucracy, without direct evidence of misdeeds or corruption. These scandals contributed to some loss of public support for the Abe cabinet and influenced Abe's decision to call a snap election in 2017. The scandals also highlighted systematic problems in the bureaucracy and in the government's management of public documents. This article is the first to examine the meaning of sontaku in Japanese politics and the scandals that have affected the Abe administration.
Since the return of its administrative right and sovereignty from Portugal to the People's Republic of China (PRC) on 20 December 1999, the Macau Special Administrative Region (MSAR) has witnessed two major corruption scandals - the Ao Man-long case and the Ho Chio-meng case. These two scandals reflect the prominent political corruption of Macau's principal officials. This paper compares and contrasts these two corruption scandals to contribute to the literature on combating corruption in Macau. This paper compares and contrasts two major corruption scandals in Macau: the Ao Man-long case and the Ho Chio-meng case. The two cases were similar in that both principal officials were involved in personal misconduct and administrative discretion. The Ao case was slightly different from the Ho scandal in that the former pointed to rapid modernization without political institutionalization and the latter pointed to patronage politics. Both cases fit into the three main definitional aspects of corruption: public office-centred, market-centring and public interest-centre. The two cases were similar in that both principal officials were involved in personal misconduct and administrative discretion. The Ao case was slightly different from the Ho scandal in that the former pointed to rapid modernization without political institutionalization and the latter pointed to patronage politics. Both cases fit into the three main definitional aspects of corruption: public office-centred, market-centre and public interest-centring. The consequences of the two scandals were also quite different. When Ao was arrested in late 2006, public outcry and anger were prominent, leading to a confrontation between the police and protesters on 1 May 2007. The legitimacy of the Ho administration was severely undermined by the Ao scandal. The Ho administration took prompt remedial measures and its relatively strong economic performance stabilized the regime. This paper compares and contrasts these two corruption scandals to contribute to the literature on combating corruption in Macau. This paper also contributes to the understanding of the political context of the two scandals, which are quite different from each other.
The 1 Malaysia Development Fund Bhd (1MDB) scandal is perhaps the most serious corruption scandal that has been recorded. The corruption has involved the embezzlement and laundering of billions of US dollars from its accounts together with gains from bribery and bond pricing, facilitated by false declarations by its officials and others. The illicit money was often transferred and laundered outside Malaysia. A cohort of bankers, businessmen and senior government officials mainly from Malaysia, but some from Saudi Arabia, the UAE and other countries have been implicated in the scandal. The paper examines the various corrupt practices in the 1MDB scandal and explains why they occurred, focusing on political control and the lack of proper surveillance and accountability, with consideration given to the lessons that can be learnt from the scandal. The 1MDB scandal indicates the necessity in public agencies engaged in major investment programmes, for strong internal auditing and management controls. Amongst other things, such controls can ensure that information presented to the Board of Directors with regard to the viability of investment projects, sources of funds, and disbursements of money is correct. The paper examines the various corrupt practices in the 1MDB scandal and explains why they occurred focusing on political control and the lack of proper surveillance and accountability, with consideration given to the lessons that can be learnt from the scandal.
This paper examines and compares two corruption scandals involving large infrastructure projects of government, namely, the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant (BNPP) of the Marcos era and the National Broadband Network (NBN) project of the Arroyo presidency. These two projects are amongst the most controversial political corruption scandals during the last 50 years. Their comparison enhances the understanding of grand corruption in government-initiated projects involving foreign government and corporate entities. Primary and secondary sources are utilized to construct the narratives of each case, including court decisions, laws published in the Official Gazette, Senate committee reports, journal articles, biographies and newspaper reports. The following sections provide descriptive accounts of the BNPP and NBN scandals. The BNPP and NBN-ZTE scandals illustrate cases of corrupt relationships formed at the highest levels of government in large infrastructure projects in the Philippines, extending to national roadworks and other major undertakings. Such projects are often susceptible to political interference for the private gain of public officials. The persistence of grand corruption suggests deeper problems in politics and society. This paper contributes to the understanding of grand corruption scandals in government-initiated projects involving foreign government and corporate entities in the Philippines.
This article analyses the corruption scandals in Singapore involving Teh Cheang Wan, the Minister for National Development during 1979-1986, and Edwin Yeo, an Assistant Director of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), which resulted in adverse consequences for them. These scandals are selected because both individuals were respectively, the most senior People's Action Party (PAP) minister and CPIB officer charged with committing corruption offences. A comparison of these scandals demonstrates how the CPIB investigates corruption complaints and explains why corruption has been minimised in Singapore. This article analyses the corruption scandals in Singapore involving Teh Cheang Wan, the Minister for National Development during 1979-1986, and Edwin Yeo, an Assistant Director of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), which resulted in adverse consequences for them. These scandals are selected because both individuals were respectively, the most senior People's Action Party (PAP) minister and CPIB officer charged with committing corruption offences. A comparison of these scandals demonstrates how the CPIB investigates corruption complaints and explains why corruption has been minimised in Singapore. The effectiveness of Singapore's policy of zero tolerance for corruption and the CPIB's impartial enforcement and punishment of all offenders, regardless of their status, position or political affiliation, is reflected in Singapore's status as the least corrupt Asian country on the Corruption Perceptions Index from 1995 to 2019 and the continuing trend of declining number of corruption cases investigated by theCPIB during 2013-2018. However, this does not mean that there are no corruption scandals in Singapore as shown by the Teh and Yeo scandals. This paper provides an insight into the effectiveness of Singapore's policy of zero tolerance for corruption and the CPIB's impartial enforcement and punishment of all offenders, regardless of their status, position or political affiliation, which is reflected in Singapore's status as the least corrupt Asian country on the Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index from 1995 to 2019.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current political crisis in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) Government and China's central government should be well aware of this. At present, the "opposition" against the Government comes not only from a small group of "radical trouble makers" but also from a relatively large majority of the general public. It is difficult to proceed if the unrest is still on. The radical protesters might think that they could force the SAR Government and central government to cave in by using extreme means riding on popular sentiments and international pressure. They are taking things too much for granted. This paper is based on the author's personal experience in Hong Kong and China's experience in handling the "yellow vest" movement in France. It also draws on the experience of the British colonial government in the 1960s and 1970s. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) Government should be well aware of this. The radical protesters might think that they could force the SAR Government and central government to cave in by using extreme means riding on popular sentiments and international pressure. However, government cannot rely solely on a "stop violence and control disturbances" strategy to regain the hearts and minds of the general public. It takes time to heal and the government must take the initiative. It is difficult to proceed if the unrest is still on. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the current political crisis in Hong Kong from the perspective of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the political storm that has ravaged the Hong Kong society for three months and is still going on. - The paper is based on the author's personal experience as a political activist and as a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. - The paper finds that the political storm that has ravaged the Hong Kong society for more than three months and is still going on was triggered by the Government's attempt to amend the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance (FOO) to enable transfer of fugitive criminals between Hong Kong and other parts of China. - The paper provides an insight into the current political crisis in Hong Kong, which is of value to all those who are interested in the governance of the Hong Kong SAR.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate two public hospital medical incidents in Hong Kong to illustrate how public hospitals can perform or respond better when they manage crises according to the public relation theory - Situational Crisis Communication Theory. This paper investigates two public hospital medical incidents in Hong Kong to illustrate how public hospitals can perform or respond better when they manage crises according to the public relation theory - Situational Crisis Communication Theory (SCCT). The data were collected from two case studies. The crisis type for the first case is preventable crisis cluster since there were at least two human errors. The doctor was found negligence and had not told the nurses that the wound was a permanent tracheostomy. Also, the nurses wrongly put the gauze covering the patient's throat and blocked his breathing hole. Based on the analysis for the second case, Hospital Authority, the doctor and the nurses had responded in the crisis. Hospital Authority confirmed that the event is an accident which is a denial response. The nurses tended to reduce the responsibility for the death of patient by excusing strategy. According to the principles in SCCT, it is wrong to use denial and diminishment posture at the same time. This paper is the first attempt to investigate the crisis responses in public hospitals in Hong Kong. It is also one of the first attempts to apply the public relation theory in the context of public hospitals.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a case study approach to describe a new innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It provides an insider's perspective of the establishment and development of a Primary Health Network (PHN) in the Hunter New England and Central Coast region. This paper adopts a descriptive qualitative case study approach, within a framework of relevant theoretical approaches of management learning through communities of practice (CoPs) and the innovative lens (Corradi et al., 2010). The study utilises the experience of one Primary Health Network (PHN) to describe, from the "insiders" perspective, the experience that occurred in the establishment and development of the PHN. The experience of the establishment and development of HNECCPHN is described from the perspective of the "insiders" involved in the process. The findings suggest that the PHN is an innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It is a new approach to the commissioning and funding of health care services in the Australian health system. The PHN has been established to improve health care outcomes of consumers and communities. This paper provides a case study approach to describe a new innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It provides an insider's perspective of the development of a new PHN.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impacts of social welfare system on the employment status of low-income groups, such as marginal families and families entitled to Basic Living Allowance in urban China. This study uses a cross-sectional survey to collect data from a sample of 1,000 low-income groups in urban China. The data are analyzed by using multinomial logistic regression analysis to examine the impact of social assistance on the employment status. The results show that marginal families and those entitled to Basic Living Allowance are more affected by individual factors than families entitled to basic living Allowance, which are affected by systematic factors, such as being a householder, male and good self-rated health status, age and marriage status. The results also echo research showing that single-mother families face lower chances of employment. This study is one of the first to examine the differences among the different low-income groups, such as marginal families and families entitled to Basic Living Allowance in China. The findings of this study will help policy makers and researchers to better understand the impact of social welfare system on the employment status of the poor in urban China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the hospitalization costs of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) between two urban health insurance schemes (UEBMI and URBMI) and investigate the factors that were associated with their inpatient costs using insurance claims data from Guangzhou. This study collected insurance claims data from one selected hospital in Guangzhou, China, and analyzed the hospitalization costs of patients with CKD using a panel data approach. The data were analyzed using multivariate regression analysis. The average cost of hospitalization for CKD patients in Guangzhou was $2,812.96 per patient in 2015. The average costs of inpatient hospitalization were significantly higher for patients with the UEBMI scheme than for the URBMI scheme. Among the factors that were associated with the inpatient costs of CKD, the cost of dialysis therapy was the highest, followed by the costs of cataract therapy and urinary tract infection (UTI) treatment. The costs of outpatient treatment were higher for the patients with UEB MI schemes than for those without insurance. The findings of this study could provide economic evidence for understanding the burden of CKD and evaluating different treatment of CKd (dialysis therapy) in China. Such useful information could also be used by policy makers in health insurance program evaluation and health resources allocation. This study has important policy implications for reducing the costs of hospitalization for CKD patients and improving the health insurance system in China, especially under the pressure of the rapid growth of the elderly population.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the challenges and opportunities for the development of women entrepreneurship in Jamaica. The authors have analysed the situation of entrepreneurship in general and the authors have added recommendations to support the integration of Jamaican women into the Jamaican workforce through women entrepreneurship of the listed recommendations. This paper is based on a review of the literature on women entrepreneurship in general and the situation of Jamaican MSMEs in particular. It also draws on the findings of the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) research consortium. The findings of this paper indicate that the Jamaican MSMEs face significant constraints when it comes to accessing finance for their business. Approximately 47 per cent of the small enterprises considered access to finance as one of their most significant obstacles to doing business. In the SDG roadmap for 2030, the Planning Institute of Jamaica indicates that the vast diaspora of Jamaicans abroad could play a crucial role in producing the much-needed finance to JamaicanMSMEs through remittances. This would be through a venture capitalist system, in which Jamaican entrepreneurs would be investing in the Jamaicans diasporas. This paper is the first of its kind to provide an in-depth analysis of the challenges and opportunities for the development of women entrepreneurship in Jamaica. The findings of this paper will be of value to the Jamaican government, other IOs, international donors and other stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to review how different countries utilise arts inclusion policies (AIPs) to foster social inclusion through the arts and how AIPs involve inter-sectoral efforts. The strategies, objectives and rationales developed from distinct approaches are worth examining. This paper is based on a literature review of arts inclusion policies across countries and regions. The review was conducted through the lens of administrative structures - which differ significantly across governments: some adopt an inter-sectoral approach while others prefer tasking one dedicated ministry or department. The findings reveal that there are significant differences in the policy-making process across countries and regions in terms of the inter- and inter-sectoral nature of arts inclusion policies. There is a need for Hong Kong to adopt a multi-dimensional approach to arts inclusion policy making and to adopt an inter- sectoral approach to the arts inclusion process. This study is the first of its kind to review arts inclusion policies from an international perspective. It is also one of the first to review the policy-making process through the lens of administrative structures - which differ significantly across governments: some adopt an inter-sectoral approach while others prefer tasking tasking.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GGBA) as a new development opportunity for Hong Kong. The author argues that the GGBA is a new opportunity for the Hong Kong economy to diversify its industrial base and to gain a competitive edge in the global market. The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of international business. The paper finds that China's Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area is a new development opportunity for Hong Kong, and Hong Kong can take advantage of this opportunity to promote its economic development and industrial transformation. However, the Hong Kong Government needs to take the lead in promoting the "integration" between Hong Kong and the Pearl River Delta Area, as well as between the Mainland and the rest of the world. This paper is the first attempt to explore the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area as a new development opportunity for Hong Kong.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the global rise of "fake news" and the threat to democratic elections in the USA. The debate surrounding " fake news" has been around for decades - although often defined by different names - and only recently has the term been popularized. This briefing is prepared by an independent writer who adds his/her own impartial comments and places the articles in context. This paper is based on a review of the literature. The paper finds that "fake news" has been a component of political strategies since the beginning of modern political practice. The distinction, however, lies in the characteristics of the modern information age, where almost everyone enjoys online access and is able to generate and spread content. It has served to diminish the credibility of mainstream news networks, dividing the general public further, both ideologically and on the mere acceptance of the fact, providing credence to ideological claims of " fake news." The briefing saves busy executives and researchers hours of reading time by selecting only the very best, most pertinent information and presenting it in a condensed and easy-to-digest format.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a scale for measuring perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives in Indonesia's local government. This study proposes the development of a systematic scale to measure perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives, comprising 4 dimensions and 12 items. An online survey was conducted to validate the scale using an online survey, and the results were analysed using confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modelling. The results indicate that the scale is valid and reliable. The first dimension of the scale consists of three echelons: first, commitment, second, upper echelon and third, upper level. The second and third dimensions are related to the implementation of smart city initiatives, while the fourth dimension is related to organisational readiness. This study is the first attempt to develop and validate a scale for measuring perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives in Indonesia's local government bureaucracy.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the progress of opening regime of Union Parishad (UP) in terms of empowerment through participation in local governance in Bangladesh. The paper aims to examine the role of women's participation in decision-making process in UP and to identify the barriers to women's empowerment. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The survey was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the respondents were randomly selected from the local government offices and the second phase was conducted through purposive sampling. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The questionnaire was administered in two stages. The first stage consisted of a questionnaire that was distributed to the members of the UP. The second stage of the survey was administered to the general ward members or women of the reserved seats. The results of the study indicate that the participation of women in decision making in UP has increased significantly in recent years. However, there is still a long way to go in terms of women's participation in decision-making process in UP. The study has also shown that there is a significant difference in the level of participation among the women in UP compared to the men. Moreover, it has also been found that the women are more likely to participate in the decision making process than the men in UP, and they are also more willing to vote for the female-elected representatives. This study is one of the first of its kind in Bangladesh to examine the role of women's participation in the UP in terms of empowerment through participation in local governance. The findings of this study will be useful for the local government officials and policy makers to understand the factors that influence women participation in UP. The study will also contribute to the existing literature on women's empowerment in the context of decentralized governance.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the 6As Positive Parenting Program (Triple P) in Hong Kong, a parenting training program designed to change the negative parenting style of Hong Kong parents to one of positive parenting. This study used a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to parents in Hong Kong who had participated in the 6As Positive Parenting Program (Triple P) in the past three years. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis. The results indicated that the 6As Positive Parenting Program is effective in changing the negative parenting style of parents in Hong Kong. The results also indicated that parents' attitudes toward the program are positive, and they are more likely to change from harsh parenting to positive parenting. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effectiveness of the 6As Positive Parenting Program in Hong Kong. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for parents to improve their parenting style and provide a suitable environment for their children's academic performance.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents, which can apply to Hong Kong. This paper is divided into four parts. The first part starts with the representative case of Kelvin and Angela, which has raised public concern in Hong Kong. Point of views from different stakeholders on this issue are discussed in the second part, which many of them agree that there should have policy changes to help such unfortunate parents. The third part is to discuss the current measures inHong Kong, including an exemption case to reveal that there is still room to have discretion while handling these cases. Borrowed the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents, certain recommendations which can apply to Hong Kong are made in the last part. It is clear that the existing regulation is not comprehensive and has a loophole. Moreover, by taking overseas countries' measures as a reference, their regulations on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses and service support from medical staff members provide better direction by showing more respect and dignity to both parents and their children. There is still room to have discretion while handling these cases. This paper is the first of its kind in Hong Kong to study the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents. The recommendations can be applied to Hong Kong's situation.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of measuring and monitoring human trafficking in order to achieve the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and its transformative agenda. This paper is based on a review of the literature on human trafficking and its impact on the SDGs. It also draws on the experience of the United Nations Statistical Commission in implementing the Inter-Agency and Expert Group on SDG Indicators (IAEG-SDGs). The first step to tackling trafficking is defining the extent of the problem. In order to address the needs of victims and combat trafficking across the globe, it is imperative to know the facts. Thus, monitoring should be the next step taken toward the implementation of SDG 162 in association with Targets 52 and 8.7 in order to facilitate discussion on practices. This paper is the first to propose a method for measuring and monitoring human trafficking in the context of the SDGs and its transformative agenda.
The purpose of this paper is to reascertain the room of establishing a good government under authoritarian leadership in the East, but not just focusing on their controversies and errors as overemphasized in the past. The author hopes to explore possibilities of further engaging in socio-economic renovation under a more political enlightening mode of authoritarian governance, i.e., an overall mode of good governance, without initiating Westernization, which was long ignored by a great number of Western scholars in the twentieth century. The author conducts a comparative historical analysis in order to illustrate how and why these two political strongmen and their corresponding historical contexts, as well as their consequent decisions that manifested such a political wisdom of their authoritarian governance, were "politically-incorrect" as usually judged in the Western world. The author finds that both Lee Kuan Yew's Singapore and Deng Xiaoping's China were more or less capable, during their tenures to establish good governments considering: policy-outcome benefits; administrative efficiency; and socio-economic advancement as the top priority, instead of heavily stressing an absolute advantage of having check-and-balance inside a government as in the Western world. Almost no one would question the duo to be prestigious but controversial Asian leaders after the Second World War. This is the first attempt to make a kind of more balanced reevaluation of having authoritarian governance in a polity. Since the duo have become historical figures, it is timely to reascertain their achievements, i.e., the room of establishing a good government under authoritarian leadership in the East, but not just focusing on their controversies and errors as overemphasized in the past.
The Hong Kong healthcare system is a dual track system, providing comprehensive medical and health services to the residents by both the public and private sectors. The two sectors share the service loads consistently and "satisfactorily" for decades. The public services, which are heavily subsidised by the Government via taxation, provide nearly 90 per cent of the high cost inpatient services in public hospitals managed by the Hospital Authority (HA). The private sector, operating in a free market model, caters for 70 per cent in outpatient service in 3,500 clinics and medical centres. These sharing of clinical works are known as the two pillars of the local healthcare system, which is unique. The purpose of this paper is to present a case study of total joint replacement (TJR) in Hong Kong public hospitals. The study is based on a case study of total joint replacement (TJR) in public hospitals in Hong Kong. The data were collected from the Hospital Authority of Hong Kong (HA) and the Department of Health (DH) through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was sent to all the hospitals in the HA and the DH, and the data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). It was found that the waiting time for SOP clinics and A&E services in public hospitals in Hong Kong is longer than in the private sector. The waiting time was found to be significantly longer in the public hospitals than in private sector hospitals. It was also found that there is a significant cross-cluster variance in waiting time between the private and public hospitals. The total joint replacement system is not able to meet the increasing demand and is always over-stretched, with high bed occupancy rate and long waiting time. This study is the first of its kind in Hong Kong to examine the waiting time in public hospitals in the context of total joint replacement. The findings of this study can be used as a guideline for other hospitals to improve the service delivery system in the local healthcare system.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the correlation between a new quantitative stress measurement known as the emWave Pro Plus and compared it with two other sets of quantitative self-reported perceived stress data: the POQA (POQA) from HeartMath and the PSS (Cohen et al., 1983). In this research, the emWave Pro Plus was used as a quantitative stress measurement tool in the workplace and compared with two other sets of quantitative self-reported perceived stress data: the POQA (POQA) from HeartMath (Barrios-Choplin and Atkinson, 2000) and the PSS (Cohen et al., 1983). The data were collected from full-time employees in a large corporation in Hong Kong. Two surprising findings have been found in the research in terms of emotional stress and intention to quit. First, a significant positive correlation has been found between the emotionalstress and the heart rate variability (HRV), which indicates that the higher the emotional stress an employee faces, the higher his or her HRV. Second, a positive correlation was found between intention to quitting and the five-minute Ln VLF, which suggests that healthier employees may have higher intentions of quitting their jobs. The original purpose of this research was to introduce a new quantitative measurement tool such as emWave Pro Plus in the workplace and compare HRV results with two other sets of quantitative self-reported measurements of stress. This research has looked at the effects of Hong Kong employees' workplace stress on HRV.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study of the critical success factors for organizational change of a public listed corporation: Hong Kong Broadband Network (HKBN). The author was promoted to be the News Controller of HKBN's Pay-TV News Department and under the coaching of William Yeung, the newly appointed CEO. From 2008 to 2013, he experienced a journey of organizational change with a "Big Hairy Audacious Goal" (BHAG). This paper is a case study of the critical success factors for organizational change of a public listed corporation: Hong Kong Broadband Network (HKBN). The author was promoted to be the News Controller of HKBN's Pay-TV News Department and under the coaching of William Yeung, the newly appointed CEO. From 2008 to 2013, he experienced a journey of organizational change with a "Big Hairy Audacious Goal" (BHAG). It finds that proactively communicating the company vision with employees may lead to positive and negative motivation that influences the performance of a local broadband service company. It explains the critical success factor of organizational change. It finds that knowledge sharing and psychological empowerment can build employee confidence to perform innovative behavior. This paper adds a literature of using 3-H factor with the principles of Kotter's change model. It finds that proactively communicating the company vision with employees may lead to positive and negative motivation that influences the performance of a local broadband service company. The implications of the case study to public sector organizations include talent development and empowerment that can have a positive impact on innovative work behavior. Some public organizations may face a difficulty in balancing standard operation procedure and empowerment.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and analyse five secrets of Singapore's success. The paper also aims to advise policy makers in other countries on the relevance and applicability of the Singapore's secrets of success to the solution of their problems. Five secrets of Singapore's success are identified and analysed. The secrets are: Lee Kuan Yew's pragmatic leadership; Singapore's liberal immigration policy; the heavy investment by the People's Action Party (PAP) government on education during the past 57 years has reaped dividends as reflected in Singapore's top ranking among 76 countries on the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's study on the provision of comprehensive education; as a result of the effectiveness of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) in enforcing the Prevention of Corruption Act (POCA) impartially; corruption has been minimised in Singapore; and Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita has increased by 56 times from S$1,310 (US$428) in 1960 to S$73,167 ( US$52,962) in 2016. The five secrets of Singapore's success are as follows: Lee Kuan Yew's pragmatic leadership; Singapore's liberal immigration policy; the heavy investment by the People's Action Party (PAP) government on education during the past 57 years has reaped dividends as reflected in Singapore's top ranking among 76 countries on the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's study on the provision of comprehensive education; as a result of the effectiveness of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) in enforcing the Prevention of Corruption Act (POCA) impartially; corruption has been minimised in Singapore; and Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita has increased by 56 times from S$1,310 (US$428) in 1960 to S$73,167 ( US$52,962) in 2016. This paper is the first to identify and analyse the secrets of Singapore's success. It is also one of the few papers that analyse Singapore's policy context from 1959 to 2016. The paper also provides a useful guide for policy makers in other countries to apply Singapore's secrets of success to the solution of their problems.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the existing policies and strategies in selected South Asian countries and evaluate integrated plans of action based on collaborative partnerships, such as the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) and the South Asia Cooperative Environment Programme. It attempts to provide pointers to resolving shared problems through collaboration and harmonization within the gamut of regional environmental governance (REG). It focuses on disaster management strategies and climate change solutions and the need for redesigning regulatory structures and policy approaches for ecological well-being. Based on both primary and secondary sources, including official records, legislation, inter-state and regional agreements, evaluation reports, impact studies (social, economic and ecological) and commentaries, the paper will highlight several initiatives and processes geared to creating standards and enhancing the use of policy instruments for regulating environmental and climatic problems in the region. It will attempt to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results. The paper highlights several initiatives and processes geared to creating standards and enhancing the use of policy instruments for regulating environmental and climatic problems in the region. It attempts to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results. This paper is about harmonizing environmental principles and about synergies among countries to reduce the effect of environmental hazards. This paper is about harmonizing environmental principles and about synergies among countries to reduce the effect of environmental hazards. It does not attempt a political analysis but takes a broad exploratory and interpretive approach in considering the issues. It attempts to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to primary health care (PHC) at the district health strategy (DHS) level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels. A case study approach is used to describe the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. The case study describes the recently established Naresuan University, College of Health Systems Management that has responded to the Prime Ministers challenge for Thailand to become the centre of learning in the region in health management and universal coverage. It has become an international centre for health management research and learning and is attracting students from the sub-region. The case study describes the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to PHC at the DHS level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels. This paper describes the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to PHC at the DHS level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the acceptance of the Scheme for Admission of Hong Kong Students to Mainland Higher Education Institutions (DSE Admission Scheme), which is the only government-to-government initiative supporting Hong Kong students studying abroad. This paper reviews the contextual background toward studying abroad. It analyses the policies and practices of Hong Kong students studying in Mainland universities at the pre-2012 and post-2012 phases. It presents findings on the acceptance of the scheme, based on secondary data, as well as first-hand data collected from students and administrators. Then, five scenarios of student choice are identified. Some policies recommendations are proposed for facing the emergent economic, socio-cultural and political challenges in the coming years. Since the launch of the scheme in 2012, the number of applicants is rather stable, irrespective of the political situation under the Occupy Central in 2014 when the youth's sentiment was aroused. The students' perceptions have not been particularly affected. In recent years, especially during the post-2014 period, new economic, socio-cultural and political factors emerge. First, from the economic perspective, the interconnectedness and interrelations with Mainland China are propelling. Hong Kong assumes a role on the Belt and Road Initiative, and is integrated as part of the Greater Bay Area Initiative. Second, the demographics of Hong Kong have undergone changes. Third, coupled with the high property costs, downgrading of bachelor credentials, the seemingly lack of social mobility in Hong Kong has raised socio-political awareness. This is the first study to investigate the acceptance of the scheme at the macro-level, based on secondary data, as well as first-hand data collected from Hong Kong students and administrators in Mainland universities.
The purpose of this paper is to review the educational policy governing the administration of the territory-wide system assessment (TSA) for students of Primary 3, Primary 6 (implemented in alternate year starting from 2012) and Secondary 3 in Hong Kong. Primary and secondary data from focus group meetings, press Interviews and public reports have been analyzed. Besides, participant observation (Nosich, 1982; Sou, 2000; Sou and Zhou, 2007) and theoretical reasoning have been applied for the critical review of this controversial test. The findings of this study show that the TSA is an important tool for the government and school management to improve the effectiveness of teaching and learning in Hong Kong. It is an integral part of the learning and teaching cycle. Assessment results can provide information for students to enhance their learning and enable teachers to review and improve their teaching. The ultimate purpose of TSA as Assessment for Learning is to create self-regulated learners. This is the first attempt to compare the views of stakeholders in the education industry on this controversial educational policy in Assessment for Learning in Hong Kong. The findings of this study would be useful for the government and school management to make a better decision on the implementation of TSA in the future.
The purpose of this study is to examine the impact of an education abroad program on the intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills of university undergraduates in the USA. Data were collected through a survey administered to students who participated in a five-year Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) program at a large research university in the Northeast United States. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results indicate that students' intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills improved significantly after participating in the PIRE program. In addition, the study found that students who participated in PIRE were more likely to develop their intercultural skills, such as global awareness, openness to cultural differences and the ability to communicate with people of different backgrounds. This study is the first to examine the impact of a short-term education abroad program on intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills of university undergraduates in the USA.
In 2016, the Taiwanese government launched the New Southbound Policy (NSP) as the new internationalization strategy to promote regional talent cultivation and sharing, with the ambition to expand and strengthen the connection between Southeast Asian countries and to re-position Taiwan's position. The purpose of this paper is to look at the following three research questions: what is the student mobility scheme between Taiwan and NSPC by country after the implementation of NSP in 2016? What is the students' mobility scheme by degree level after NSP implementation? How might the NSP affect the current student mobility relationship between Taipei and Seoul (South Korea) after 2016? Using the quadrant graph, the study demonstrated the subdivided mobility scheme that shed light on the Taiwanese government's internationalization policy targeting NSPC. Countries located in different quadrants required distinct strategies in terms of recruiting and recruiting on the domestic side to accomplish the mutual mobility goal. Statistics show that after the implementation of the policy, the number of students from NSPC going to Taiwan has increased. However, the mobility scheme seemed to remain single and the mutual mobility became more unbalanced than it was previously. In general, due to academic development, economic development and employment considerations, Taiwanese students had less interest in studying in NSPCs. This study is one of the first studies to examine the unbalanced mobility scheme between Taiwan and NSPC after the implementation of the New Southbound Policy. The findings of this study shed light on the Taiwanese government's internationalization policy targeting NSPCs. The results of the study can be used as a stepping stone to promote regional talent circulation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the quality of university education and the management of student flows in light of the main foundations of the Bologna Process in Algeria. The paper is based on a qualitative study based on semi-structured interviews with a sample of teachers and students. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire. The analysis of the system of representations and perceived perceptions shows that graduates of the two systems do not really rely on their training to learn everything from the professional world (too theoretical, general,) as the majority of the respondents said. This is the first attempt to analyze the relationship between the quality of university education and the management of student flows in light of the main foundations of the Bologna Process in Algeria.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the selected Taiwanese students in a five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) internship program were intellectually developed by applying the Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (DMIS) mode. Two research questions are presented as follows: How would the PIRE project and summer internship program develop a joint/dual program between participating institutions after the end of the research project? The case study is based on one five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) titled "Building Extreme Weather Resiliency and Global Community Resiliencies Through Improved Weather and Climate Prediction and Emergency Response Strategies" that began in 2015 with the financial support of the National Science Foundation in the United States and the Ministry of Science and Technology in Taiwan jointly. It involves more than 11 universities and research institutes from Taiwan and the USA with around 30 American and Taiwanese scholars to investigate extreme weather resiliency through improved weather prediction and emergency response strategies. It is expected to leverage cross-disciplinary experiences to prepare a diverse cohort of next generation experts. Based on the case study, it was found that the PIRE project and summer internship program were intellectually developed by applying the Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (DMIS) mode. It was also found that students in the Taiwanese PIRE internship program are able to apply theoretical knowledge in a real-world setting and gain a better understanding of a given field in a global context. In addition, the internship program can better form a bridge between academic curriculum and industry and create an opportunity to develop a joint/dual program after the project. The case study is based on one five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) project titled "Building Extreme Weather Resiliency and Global Community Resiliencies Through Improved Weather and Climate Prediction and Emergency Response Strategies" that began in 2015 with the financial support of the National Science Foundation in the United States and the Ministry of Science and Technology in Taiwan jointly. It involves more than 11 universities and research institutes from Taiwan and the USA with around 30 American and Taiwanese scholars to investigate extreme weather resiliency through improved weather prediction and emergency response strategies. There are two major aims of the project: to enhance high-level research connection between Taiwan and US scholars; the other one is to develop a joint and dual degree program between participating institutions after the end of the research project.
The purpose of this paper is to add to the understanding of organisational culture (OC) in universities through a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners in the UK. This paper is based on a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners from UK universities. The survey was conducted in two parts. The first part is a hard copy survey and the second part is an online survey of UK university staff. The paper shows that the manifestation of an EC within a UK HEI would lead to better performance in league tables and a proactive response to the ever increasing competitive environment and provide solutions to predicted declining numbers of students. However, this research paper does not discuss whether there is an ethical, morale or acceptable issue to this, but rather delivers an examination of the organisational culture of UK higher education institutes (HEIs). This paper adds to the understanding of entrepreneurial OC in universities through a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners. The results of this study show a split decision in the choice of respondent's universities' best fit cultural type, which potentially has far reaching implications for university governance and leadership.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the development of accreditation in the sphere of higher education in Russia over the past 20 years and to identify the reasons for transformation of approaches and search for the most effective solutions in quality assurance. This paper is based on the analysis of the changes in the state educational policy and the development of the accreditation system in Russia over the last 20 years. The paper presents the results of a study of the evolution of accreditation in Russia from 1997 to 2015. It is still early to draw final conclusions. During this time, different approaches have been tested, and sometimes these approaches contradicted each other. The experience of over 20 years is sufficient for analyzing achievements and failures, adopting international good practice, searching for own solutions and testing different forms and methods of evaluation. This paper is the first attempt to analyse the development of accreditation in Russia in the sphere of higher education over a 20-year period.
The purpose of this paper is to offer an overview of the key features of the quality assurance of transnational education (TNE) regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework. A comparative overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore, is offered. The paper offers an overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality assurance of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework. This paper offers an overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality assurance of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of change leadership on staff organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) in the context of higher education. The data were collected from the staff of a public university in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that change leadership has a significant impact on staff organizational citizenship behavior. In addition, it was also found that the relationship between change leadership and staff organizational behavior is moderated by the level of trust in the change plan. Moreover, the results showed that there is a significant relationship between leadership and organizational behavior. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of change leadership on staff organizational citizenship behavior in the context of higher education institutions in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of loyalty on the student satisfaction in higher education. The data were collected from the students of Meijo University, Japan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis. The results of this study indicated that image, service and perceived value have a direct positive relationship to students' satisfaction (Model 1). Although service, image and perceivedvalue have no direct effect on loyalty, those factors still show a positive indirect effect via student satisfaction to loyalty. Furthermore, image, financial support and financial support have a significant positive impact on the perceived value. According to regression relationships for loyalty model, student satisfaction has shown significant strong impact on loyalty. This result was consistent with the results of Temizer and Turkyilmaz (2012), Thomas (2011), Webb and Jagun (1997) and Eskildsen et al. (1999). Furthermore, Alves and Raposo (2006) pointed out that student's loyalty was the main consequence for student satisfaction. The results of the study provide valuable strategic information for the university academics and administrators about the affecting factors on student satisfaction and loyalty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the gaps between competence and importance of employability skills among final year students in Technical and Vocational Education (TVET) in Malaysia. A survey was conducted in 2013 covering final year students who have successfully completed their Industrial Training program in vocational colleges in Peninsular Malaysia. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA and multiple regression analysis. The results of the study revealed that there are significant gaps between competence and importance of employability skills among the final year students in terms of the perceptions of employers. The results also revealed that employers are more concerned about communication skills, teamwork skills, critical thinking and long-life learning skills than other employability skill. This is one of the first studies to examine the gap between competence and importance of employability skills in the context of vocational colleges in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to identify a threat to obtaining useful information from the most commonly used instrument and collection method of student assessment of instruction (SAI) instruments. The SAI instrument, typically collected near the end of an institution's term, suffers from several limitations. At the forefront of these limitations are psychological limitations associated with a student assessing multiple attributes and behaviors of an instructor. Accurate data from students are essential to providing accurate feedback regarding teaching excellence to instructors. The method of application of data collected is also paramount. A common response to this concern is to use extensive cafeteria-style SAI instruments that allow institutions to extract items believed to be relevant or appropriate to those institutions. A case study approach was used to examine the development of an institution-specific SAI instrument at a university, highlighting the process and attendant difficulties related to developing an instrument that meets the needs of multiple stakeholder groups. The paper identifies a threat to obtaining useful information from the most commonly used instrument and collection method of SAIs. The SAI instrument, typically collected near the end of an institution's term, suffers from several limitations. At the forefront of these limitations are psychological limitations associated with a student assessing multiple attributes and behaviors of an instructor. Most literature on instrument development and deployment focuses on the composition and related validity of an instrument. As institutions develop assessment methods, instrument items have undergone scrutiny as they relate to a number of variables, generally categorized as administrative, course, instructor and student aspects. A focus on the instrument itself, and how transferable the validity of the tool is to student understanding of what it intends to measure, has been minimal.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following question: Do course evaluation systems have an influence on e-learning students' satisfaction? A questionnaire was developed based on the existing literature on e-learning, assessment systems and student satisfaction. The questionnaire was distributed to the students of a distance education course at the University of Andalusia (Spain). The sample consisted of 1,000 students, and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results show that students value the assessment system positively when it is keeping with the objectives and the level of the course. Moreover, students are found to prefer assessment methods in which handing in coursework is a significant factor. The goodness of fit of the model improves slightly when referring to the variables that are incorporated in the assessment systems. This study contributes to the e-learning literature with an instrument providing information to the courses developers and distance educators to create a good an efficient assessments method. The questionnaires provide information in order to create an understanding of the students' perceptions associated with the assessment method used in e- learning systems.
This paper aims to examine the changing pattern of international student mobility (ISM) by reviewing relevant government policies and employing second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China. The purpose of this paper is to understand how the belt and road initiative (BRI) has reshaped the structure of ISM in higher education. This paper reviews relevant government policies and employs second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China to examine ISM. The paper finds that ISM is a dual-oriented structure. On the one hand, the high quality and highly influential contents of ISM are still state-dominated, which largely serves the purpose of the BRI, and on the other hand, after decades of knowledge exports to the third world, the value of studying and obtaining a degree in China is becoming increasingly important in the international arena. The BRI involves new universities and colleges and professional training for more cross-border cooperation. If seen from both the diplomatic function and the financing perspective of higher education, Chinese ISM can be seen as dual-orientated. This paper is the first attempt to examine the changing pattern of ISM by reviewing relevant government policies and employing second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a reflection on the developments of current external quality assurance (EQA) systems and procedures globally, and on the critique directed at this activity. Conceptually, the paper demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The key argument is that while EQA and the agencies responsible for this activity are facing a future implying potential dramatic changes in their set-up and responsibilities, the future also offers quite different scenarios as to how the tasks associated with EQA will be organized. The paper is based on a review of the literature related to the development of external quality assurance (EQA) systems and procedures globally, and on the critique directed at this activity. Conceptually, the paper demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The paper identifies some global agendas currently linked to EQA, the interrelationships and dependencies between actors involved in the EQA process, and indicates possible directions EQA might take in the years to come. It argues that the battle for legitimacy will be a key factor determining the fate of EQA in the decades to come, and that legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of QA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The paper offers a new perspective on the role of legitimacy in the development of external quality assurance. It demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The key argument is that while EQA and the agencies responsible for this activity are facing a future implying potential dramatic changes in their set-up and responsibilities, the future also offers quite different scenarios as to how the tasks associated with EQA will be organized.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a better understanding of the inner workings of the student evaluation of teaching (SET) by examining the search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs. This paper is based on a systematic literature review of the SET literature published in peer-reviewed journals between 1980 and 2018. The search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs were examined. The findings of this paper indicate that SETs are a useful tool for assessing the quality of the teaching learning process in higher education institutions. It is also found that the search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs have been found to be significantly different from those of other evaluation tools. This paper is the first to provide a comprehensive literature review on SETs in Taiwan. The findings of this paper can be used by higher education institutions in Taiwan and elsewhere to develop more effective SETs. In addition, the findings of the current paper can also be used as a basis for developing more appropriate evaluation tools for other institutions.
Using a Southeast Asian context, the purpose of this paper is to delve into the substance of parental role in education, asking a question that has seldom been researched: Is there a divergence between parents' and their children's perceptions of education and work? Data were collected through a survey of parents in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Singapore and Vietnam. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were sent to parents in each of these countries. The responses were analyzed using factor analysis and cluster analysis. The results show that there is no significant difference between parents' and their children's perceptions of their own role in education and work. However, there is a significant difference in their perceptions of the importance of their role in the education of their children, and in the direction of their career choice. In addition, there are significant differences in the way in which parents perceive their role and career choices. This is one of the first studies to examine the extent to which there is divergence between parents' and their children's perceptions of education and work in East Asian cultures.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how higher education quality assurance (QA) agencies in Japan and Taiwan have restructured their QA frameworks in response to the changes in higher education funding and the need to assure the quality of higher education providers. This study is based on a comparative study of the QA frameworks in Japan and Taiwan. The authors conducted in-depth interviews with QA experts from both countries and conducted a questionnaire survey of QA practitioners in Taiwan and Japan. The findings of this study revealed that the structure of the QA framework in Taiwan is similar to that of NIAD-QE in Japan, while the structure in Japan is different from that of HEEACT in Taiwan. In addition, it was also found that there are significant differences between the two QA frameworks in Taiwan and Japan in terms of structure, structure and content. This is the first study to compare the restructuring of QA frameworks in Japan and Taiwan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other QA agencies in developing their own restructuring frameworks.
The purpose of this paper is to explore internationalisation at home for tourism training programmes in Vietnam, a developing and non-English-speaking country in Southeast Asia endowed with numerous natural tourist attractions and being rich in culture and, less fortunately, with many battlefield sites, welcomes a significant number of international tourists each year. This paper is based on a qualitative case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants from the Ministry of Education and Training (MOET) and three tourism training institutions in Vietnam. The findings indicate that the internationalisation of tourism training programmes in Vietnam is still fragmented, fragmented and ad hoc. The main reasons for the lack of internationalisation at home are related to a lack of awareness of the importance of international education in Vietnam, lack of commitment of lecturers to internationalisation activities and lack of support from the government and other stakeholders. This paper contributes to the literature on internationalisation of education in the world and Asian countries, yet previous studies mainly explored transnational/cross-border education as a form of internationalisation. Scant research has been conducted on the internationalisation features embedded in local programmes in non-English-speaking countries like Vietnam, particularly in training programmes to provide training to tourism graduates with intercultural and global competencies.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the indicators of service quality and satisfaction among graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana. The study employed a quantitative research design. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 21. The results of the study revealed that the service quality of the HEIs in Ghana was found to be poor. It was also found that students' satisfaction with the services they received from HEIs was low. However, the results also revealed that students were satisfied with the quality of academic services they receive from the HEI. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between service quality and satisfaction among graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana. The findings of this study will, therefore, contribute to the body of knowledge in the field of higher education management.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the establishment and growth of the Asia-Pacific Quality Register (APQR) in the field of quality assurance (QA) of higher education (HE). The purpose of APQR is to guarantee the quality of the QAAs in the Asia Pacific region, which is the second in the international QA networks. Based on the existing research results of the QAA mechanism of the international, national, HEIs, professional and the third-party QAAs, the initiative of this paper, by opening a new road for itself, focuses on the registration system of regional and international QAas, aiming to further enrich the accreditation and registration theory of QA of HE. APQR has the following three characteristics: APQR is an important measure to promote the internationalization of HE in the Asia-Pacific region; APQN individual characteristics evaluation; and the APQQR method of quantitative evaluation and qualitative evaluation outstanding combination. The APQR is an important measure to promote the internationalization of HE in the Asia-Pacific region, and it is convenient for the governments, HEIs and all the stakeholders to identify the credibility and professionalism of all kinds of countless QAAs, and thus will have a significant impact on the development of HE. On the basis of the existing research results of the QAA mechanism of the international, national, HEI, professional and the third-party QAA, the initiative of this paper, by opening a new road for itself, focuses on the registration system of regional and international QAas, aiming to further enrich the accreditation and registration theory of the quality assurance of higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of the leading universities in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in higher education (HE) development. It is axiomatic to expect the premier public universities in each of the ASEAN countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE development. Individual governments in ASEan have high expectation of these institutions as they are the "agents" for their respective governments. The paper is based on a review of the literature on ASEAN's flagship universities and regional integration initiatives in higher education (HE). The paper finds that the leading universities in ASEAN have a significant role to play in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in HE development. It is axiomatic to expect that the premier public universities in each of the ASEan countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE development, as they have high expectation of these institutions as the "agents" for their respective governments in AseAN. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the role of the leading universities in ASEAN in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in HE development. It is axiomatic to expect the premier public universities in each of the ASEan countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on cross-border quality assurance (QA) in the process of internationalization and sets out the experience of the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross- border exercises in Macao. Such experience can serve as a reference for higher education institutions (HEIs) or QA agencies in other countries/regions planning to engage in cross- Border QA. This paper is a case study of the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross-border exercises in Macao. The case study is based on the experience of HKCAAV QA in the two exercises. Each country context is unique and has its own purposes for QA. Engaging in cross-border QA creates significant challenges for the QA agency and for the HEIs involved. Not least among which is the necessity for close communication with the jurisdictional regulatory bodies, which is essential to the conduct of successful cross- border QA activities. The experience of HKCAAVQ is that there are also significant benefits to be gained. For the EQAA, these benefits include enhancement of their own reputation and recognition of their effectiveness and capacity. The experience of Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross-border exercises in Macao can serve as a reference for higher education institutions (HEIs) or QA agencies in other countries/regions planning to engage in cross- border QA.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how higher education institutions (HEIs) in the Philippines construct and define the subject of regionalisation of higher education, what are the institutions' regionalisation approaches, initiatives and practices, and how is the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Integration driving the regionalisation process in the country's higher education sector? The study adopts a qualitative approach using semi-structured interviews with administrators and faculty members of three public universities in the Philippines. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data. The findings suggest that regionalisation of higher education in the Philippines is conceptualised in terms of geographic proximity and geo-political proximity where the location of the unit of the region is identified as those that include the immediate and the neighbours, in this case, Southeast Asia and Southeast Asia, and those that share common and similar interests and backgrounds. In this regard, it is differentiated from internationalisation, which refers to mechanisms by which higher education institutions (HEIs) adapt to the increasingly dynamic and borderless environment as a result of globalisation forces. The findings also suggest that the institutions' regionalisation approaches, initiatives and practices are largely driven by the ASEAN Integration. This study contributes to the understanding of regionalisation in higher education in the Philippines, which is an under-researched area of research. The findings of this study also contribute to the body of knowledge on regionalisation and internationalisation in the context of higher education.
As is the case in most modern arenas, the capacity for collecting and disseminating data about higher education is growing rapidly. New technologies, new software, new analytic methodologies and new approaches combine to create the potential for exponentially larger amounts and types of data that might be used to inform all interested parties. Simultaneously, external demands for information for higher education also are expanding tremendously. This confluence of expanding capabilities and increasing demands puts great pressure on those tasked with gathering and analyzing data and reporting results to stakeholders. In most academic institutions, these responsibilities are placed primarily on an internal organizational unit, typically referred to as "institutional research (IR)." This paper aims to explore the changing roles, responsibilities and opportunities for such functional units, paying particular attention to both internal and external information needs and the degree to which these units are integral to the larger institution. It will argue that IR must serve both functions by linking institutional requirements to external assessments and public information. This paper is based on the author's experience as a practitioner with extensive institutional and accreditation experience internationally who wishes today's information tools had been available in the past. The fundamental challenge for those engaged in IR is becoming proactive leaders in data provision and utilization. All societies need meaningful and effective ways of measuring and assessing quality in academic institutions. All stakeholders, internal and external, have a common interest in having access to useful information. The linking of internal interests and information requirements with external interests and needs is an opportunity to improve transparency, accountability and the making of better decisions by all. This paper provides a new perspective on the role of IR and its role in meeting the needs of both internal and external stakeholders in higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to compare and contrast student mobility programs in Southeast Asian Ministers of Education Organization-Regional Institution of Higher Education and Development (SEAMEO-RIHED), Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), University Mobility in Asia and Pacific (UMAP), and Collective Action for Mobility Program of University Student in Asia (CAMPUS Asia) in terms of regulation, challenges, and impacts on higher education regionalization. The study is based on a comparative study of the three programs. The authors conducted a literature review of the programs' policies, programs' objectives, and programs' activities. They also conducted interviews with the program coordinators of each program in order to gain a better understanding of their programs and the challenges they face. The results of the study indicate that the three programs are similar in terms of their objectives, objectives, and objectives. However, there are significant differences in the way in which the programs are regulated and implemented, and the challenges that they face. The study also found that there is a significant difference in the level of integration between the programs in terms to the extent of integration of the students and institutions in the region. This study is one of the first to compare and contrast the student mobility programs in SEAMEO-RIHED, UMAP, and CAMPUS Asia in terms of regulation, challenges, and impacts on higher education regionalization in Asia. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research in the area of regionalization of higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the characteristics emerging from interaction between Western academic models and traditional and local cultures in Malaysian universities. It is pertinent to raise the question "Are Asian universities different from those in Western countries?". The conceptual framework for the research project is based on a review of the literature on hybridization in higher education in general and Malaysian universities in particular. The conceptual framework was developed based on the literature review and a series of expert workshops conducted in Malaysia and other Asian countries. Anecdotal evidence across the three types of universities outlined in the conceptual framework underlined the possible hybridities that were the result of interaction with contemporary external influence and local traditional and culture in Malaysia. This study is the first of its kind to explore the hybridization of Malaysian universities in terms of characteristics emerging from interaction between Western academic models and traditional and local cultures. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research on the development of Asian universities.
The purpose of this paper is to examine undergraduates' reasons for attending college by developing the college-attendance value scale (CAVS). In particular, the study addresses two research questions: Can the CAVS measures undergraduates's personal and collective values of attending college? Are the undergraduates') college-ATTendance values related to their achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree? The CAVS was developed based on an extensive literature review. The CAVS consists of three dimensions, namely, personal value, collective value, and collective value of college attendance, and two sub-dimensions, achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree. Data were collected from a sample of second-year students at a public university in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The CAVS was found to be a reliable and valid instrument for measuring undergraduates' college-attendance values. The CAVS can be used to measure undergraduates's personal and collective values of attending college, as well as their achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree. In addition, the CAVS is also found to have a positive and significant relationship with achievement goals and academic performance. This study is the first attempt to develop the CAVS to measure undergraduates' college-attendance values of why they attend college. The CAVS is a useful tool for college administrators to learn about the values undergraduates hold, and then to tailor college-learning experiences to the needs of undergraduates, which may constitute evidence for the relative institutional effectiveness.
The development of the Internet has deepened the imbalance of economic activities in developed countries, but it seems to reverse the trend of further agglomeration of Chinese enterprises. The macro facts of the reversal of agglomersation of China's enterprises lead to the theoretical speculation of this paper: the Internet may be reshaping China's economic geography; however, the internal mechanisms are unclear. The purpose of this study is to investigate the micro- and macro-effects of Internet on China's spatial imbalance. This paper adopts the microeconomic theory of micromechanisms and macro geography theory to investigate the shaping effect of the Internet on China's economic geography. Based on the micro-economic theory, this paper develops a theoretical framework to analyse the micro and macro effects of China's Internet on the economic geography of China. The results show that the Internet has reshaped China's economic geography by reducing the "access gap" and increasing the congestion cost, but it has not deepened the imbalance of economic activities. The Internet has not only helped China to avoid a new "digital divide" but also effectively reduced the iceberg transport cost. On the other hand, house price has a profound impact on the economic geography. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to investigate the shaping effect of the Internet on China's economic geography. It is also one of the first attempts to analyse the effects of micromechanisms and macro effects in the context of economic geography in China.
Although the corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted China's economic development, it will not change the fact that the economic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economy, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term. This paper is based on a scientific understanding of the fundamentals of China's economic development. The authors use factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform to determine the factors that determine the long-term and short-term economic fundamentals. China's economic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economic development, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term. Although the corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted China's economic development, it will not change the fact that China'seconomic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economy, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term.
The purpose of this paper is to show that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics. First, the paper theoretically summarises the connotations of Marxist political economics and the rich contents of Marxist economics and points out the special position of capital in Marxist economics, providing a starting point for further exploring the concrete ways of upholding the guidance of Marxist economic theory. Then, it concretely transforms the principle of "upholding the Guidance of Marxist Economics" into three levels of approaches and methods, which are adherence and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development and preliminarily discusses their applicability to socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The paper shows that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it shows that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics.
An important goal of building a theoretical system of the socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics is to enhance its theoretical guidance, and the prerequisite is to boost the explanatory power of theory for practice. The purpose of this paper is to discuss this issue. This paper is based on the analysis of the new development concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness, sharing, and sharing proposed by Xi. The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system. The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system. The law that economic development should follow in the new era is "development must be scientific development following economic laws and sustainable development following natural laws" (Xi, 2017c). The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system. The development concepts are the concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing proposed by Xi.
- The purpose of this paper is to critically analyse and review the existing body of research based on Marxian economics to obtain a satisfactory interpretation of the role of local governments from the perspective of political economy and turn it into an organic component of the state theory of socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. The paper aims to further develop the analytical approach of Shi Zhengfu and Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung based on a Marxist framework, for which the authors introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of land public finance. - The paper reviews the existing theories of the competition amongst China's local governments and affirms the ideological school represented by works of Shi Zhengfu and later works of Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung. The main achievements of this school include the attribution of the economic motives of local governments to the acquisition of rent and demonstration of land public finance as the strategic investment by local governments using through rents. The paper further attempts to further develop the analytical approach based on a Marxist framework, for which the authors introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of landpublic finance, i.e. the local governments' investment in the built environment as defined by Harvey. - The central-local government fiscal-economic relations are an organic component of overall economic relations in China, a socialist power. The adjustment of central-Local Government fiscal- economic relations since reform and opening-up is a reform of productive relations in a Marxist sense because the evolution of tax-sharing, administrative decentralisation, land system and land system involves not only the vertical change of surplus appropriating relations but also directly shapes a new economic entity, that is, the competitive local governments. China's local governments are the inherent economic entity of the socialist market economy with unique economic motives and behavioural models, playing a crucial role in Chinese economic development. - The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it attempts to develop the analytical approach of Shi Zhengfu and Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung based on a Marxist framework, for which we introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of land public finance, i.e. China's local governments' investment in the built environment.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the inherent defects of economic liberalism and state interventionism as well as the reasons why they can hardly be adopted as the theoretical guidance for emerging market economies to handle the relationship between government and market. The paper analyses how China has transcended the inherent thinking of liberalism and interventionism and shaped the new relationship of integration and common prosperity between the government and the market through goal-oriented, active and progressive two-way interactive exploration and practice to ensure the success of China's economic transition. Drawing on the research of the above scholars, the second part of this paper analyses the inherent defects of economic liberalism and state interventionism as well as the reasons why they can hardly be adopted as the theoretical guidance for emerging market economies to handle the relationship between government and market. The third part analyses how China has transcended the inherent thinking of liberalism and interventionism and shaped the new relationship betweengovernment and market through goal-oriented, active and progressive, two-way interactive exploration and practice to ensure the success of China's economic transition. The fourth part analyses the government and the market build a new relationship of integration and common prosperity in target selection, production organisation, technological innovation, institutional change and regulatory adjustment. The key to the success of China's economic transition lies not in an "authoritarian government" but in the adherence to the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the socialist orientation in development. China's practice in handling the relationship between government and market also suggests that, in order to achieve the long-term success of economic development, the traditional construct of liberalism and interventionism must be transcended and a new type of relationship must be established betweengovernment and market where they are embedded in and enhance each other for mutual integration and common prosperity. However, we must maintain a clear understanding of market rationality, government rationality and their limitations. This paper contributes to the understanding of market rationality, government rationality and their limitations. The key to the success of China's economic transition lies not in an "authoritarian government" but in the adherence to the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the socialist orientation in development. This is not only what makes "China's experience" unique but also what many emerging market economies find difficult to replicate.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the development of China's foreign exchange market over the past 70 years. It aims to provide a historical account of the evolution of the foreign exchange management system and the formation mechanism of the exchange rate system in China. - The paper reviews the historical development of China's foreign exchange market from its establishment in 1978 to the present day and discusses the reasons for the development of the market. - Over the past 70 years since the founding of the new China, the People's Republic of China has adhered to the general orientation of serving the development of the national economy - constantly explored and innovated in practice - and blazed a path for building a foreign exchange market suited to its national conditions, leaving a legacy of historical experience for other developing countries to learn from. China's 70-year practice has proven the foreign exchange mechanism relies on and serves the real economy and is severely restricted by the economic system. - The paper provides a historical account of the development of China's foreign exchange market, which can be used as a reference for other developing countries to learn from.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural changes and economic growth in China over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up. It aims to identify the main features of structural changes in China's economic structure and their impact on economic growth. - The paper is based on a review of the literature on structural changes and economic growth in China over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up. - China's economic growth has been driven by both urbanization and industrialization. Urbanization mainly refers to the population shift from rural areas to urban areas, which also indicates the expansion of towns and villages. Such expansion incorporated the majority of industrial sections into urban areas in the process of urban systemization, and there were only small-sized industries in rural areas. Structural transformations are in close connection with reform and opening-up. - This paper provides a comprehensive overview of China's structural changes and economic growth over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up. It provides useful information for policy makers and researchers.
- The purpose of this paper is to summarize the law governing the operation and development of socialist market economy is the historical responsibility and crucial mission of socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. - The paper is based on a critical analysis of the historical development of China's economic operation and development, and draws from and sums up the fundamental features of socialism with Chinese characteristics in its economic operation. Among these features, the coordination and balance of economic structure is a critical one. - The analysis shows that striving to achieve coordination and balance of economic structure in economic operation and development in accordance with the law of proportional distribution of social labor in Marxian political economy theory is an important principle for all previous Party and state leaders, especially the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, to govern and regulate the economy, and thus is also a principle that socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics should adhere to in the new era. - This paper can fundamentally clarify some misunderstandings about the laws of socialist economic development and the state's economic regulation function in the new era.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics in the past 70 years. This paper systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics. In this paper, the authors analyze the characteristics of connotation development and evolution in the past 70 years. Since the founding of New China, the CPC's understanding of agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics has followed the general law of Marxist epistemology, that is, knowledge comes from practice, services practice, develops with practice and accepts the test of practice. In the process of the dialectical movement of "practice, cognition, re-practice, and re-cognition," the CPC has continuously improved and breakthroughs and innovations have been achieved on several major theoretical issues. Summarizing the practices and theoretical innovation in the past 70 years, the evolution of the connotation of "agricultural modernization withChinese characteristics" is toward a scientific, comprehensive and systematic direction and was fundamentally the result of adherence to the development path with Chinese characteristic, active liberation and development of agricultural productivity, adjustment and improvement of agricultural production relations, continuous exploration and development, as well as continuous enrichment and development. Most of the existing literature looks at "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" as a static concept rather than as a historical process of dynamic evolution; even less do researchers analyze the evolution characteristics of such process. This paper attempts to systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agRIC" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to build a Marxist political economy-based analytical framework for healthcare issues by analysing the special properties of both doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines, so as to establish a theoretical basis for solving healthcare problems in China. Based on the fundamental principle and analytical method of Marxist political economy, this paper tries to build a Marxist-based analytical framework for healthcare issues by analysing the special properties of both doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines, so as to establish a theoretical basis for solving healthcare problems. The special properties of doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines are analysed, and the essential characteristics of healthcare problems are identified. The paper concludes that healthcare issues concern the entire society, including needs of not only labourers but also vulnerable groups. This paper explores the essential properties of doctors' labour, the special properties of medicines as goods, the internal relations between doctors' labor and medicines and their social properties and the essential characteristics of healthcare problems. This paper tries to build a Marxist political economy-based analytical framework for healthcare issues.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework for supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks, based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy. This paper is based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy, and it proposes a theoretical framework for supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks. Based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy, the authors find that the structural issue of the New Normal originated from the economic development model that came into being around 2000, and that the micropinnings of the reforms are enterprises and the transformation of production methods of enterprises is the foundation of supply-side structural reforms. The originality of this paper lies in the following aspects. First, this paper contributes to the understanding of supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks. Second, by defining supply- side structural reforms as the reform of industrial structure, regional structure, distribution structure and sectoral structure, this study provides a better understanding of the micro-pinnings of the reforms. Third, the empirical evidence of political economy is used as the basis for the development of the theoretical logic and empirical evidence. Fourth, this research provides a new perspective of the structural issue of the New Normal in China's economy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a critique of the doctrine of incompatibility between capital and public ownership. The reform of China's state-owned economy has always followed the logic of the public capital. It has demonstrated and will continue to demonstrate the historical legitimacy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The paper is based on the Marxist political economy analysis of capitalism. The basic conclusion of the Marxist economic theory is that capitalism has impeded the development of social productivity due to the fundamental capitalist conflicts and must be replaced by a new social system to promote the progress of the human society continuously. Public capital is the fundamental guarantee for socialism with Chinese characteristics to break free of the shackles of capitalism and continuously develop social productivity. First, the market economy and capital relations are historical characteristics that socialism cannot bypass. Second, capital can be privately owned or publicly owned. Third, a market economy dominated by the public capital is the primary driver of China's growth miracle. Public capital is a fundamental guarantee for socialism with Chinese characteristics to break free of the shackles of capitalism and continuously develop social productivity. Socialism is a process of breaking through institutional obstacles and promoting social productivity continuously. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to address the doctrine of incompatibility between capital and public ownership in the context of China's state-owned economy.
Nowadays, we have surpassed Robert Solow's era when "You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics" and entered the "Internet Plus" era where "the Internet is imprinted on any economic activity", for example, Internet plus production, management, marketing, finance or business. To sum up, the Internet has no longer been changing the whole economy and society but already filtered and dominated it. This raises a major issue for the study of theoretical economics. The purpose of this paper is to answer the following questions: What is the Internet or Internet Plus? Is it a technology, a commodity or economic relations? At the same time, the authors have to figure out where the treasure of the Internet treasure trove comes from. Was it generated by itself, or transferred? Will it be exhausted? There are also deeper questions: How does the Internet filter the society? What makes it ubiquitous? In other words, how does " Internet Plus" achieve "plus"? The paper is based on a political-economic analysis of "Internet space". The paper uses the concept of "internet space" as a new economic form, which is defined from the perspective of productive forces and social relations of production, as well as from the perspectives of ownership and distribution of the means of production. The Internet space is a new economic form, which has the potential to demarcate the boundary of a new social form, whether from the perspective of productive forces or the perspectives of ownership and distribution of the means of production. This paper provides a political-economic explanation of "Internet space" as a new economic form, which can be used as a starting point for analyzing any real issues about "Internet Plus".
The purpose of this paper is to provide an answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's hypothesis about China" and to discuss the direction of rural reform in China. The answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's Hypothesis about China" is based on a concurrent discussion of the direction of rural reform in China. It is a theoretical answer to the question of why capitalist production did not appear in China at the earliest. The "answer from Marxist Economics to Weber's Hypothesis about China" shows that the situation in China did not satisfy the condition of producing capitalist mode of production in the embryonic period of capitalism. Under the invasion of foreign capital, from the Opium War to the Eighth-Power Allied Forces and then to the Anti-Japanese war, the capitalist path was still not brought out as other colonies did. Thus, after decades of experience of the socialist market economy, China can satisfy the conditions for the birth of capitalism without the conditions of the "Weber's hypothesis about China." The answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's Hypothesis about China" has not only solved an enormous theoretical problem, but also it has important practical significance.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the contribution of land contributions to the supernormal development of China's infrastructure, which is a mystery behind China's economic growth. - The paper uses the data of China's land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure from 1953 to 2008, and it uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to estimate the contribution of land to the infrastructure development. It is found that the land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure in China have a positive and significant effect on the average annual growth rate (AAGR) of China's infrastructure capital stock. It is also found that land contributions have a negative and significant impact on the AAGR of infrastructure. In addition, it is also revealed that the urbanization level and labor force participation rate are the most significant factors that influence the infrastructure investment per capita in China. - This study is the first to investigate the contribution of land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure in China, which is rare in the world history of infrastructure construction and can be regarded as a miracle behind China's growth.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between interest articulation and social stability and the performance of public governance. The authors conducted a questionnaire survey to collect primary data and conducted a series of focus group interviews to collect secondary data. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modelling (SEM) method. The results show that interest articulation has a positive effect on social stability and public governance. The results also show that the relationship between interest articulating and social stability is stronger in the case of grassroots governments than in the central government. However, there is no significant relationship between the level of interests articulation and the social stability. This study contributes to the understanding of the relationship between interest articulation, social stability and public governance in the context of China. The results of this study can be used to improve the governance capacity of grassroots governments and improve the performance of public governance.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss in detail the relation between China's land system, land supply mode and its economic growth by constructing a multisector dynamic general equilibrium analysis framework. A multisector dynamic general equilibrium (DSGE) framework is constructed to analyze the relation between China's land system, land supply mode and its economic growth. The model includes the multiple sectors such as industrial and service sectors, and land and infrastructure will be viewed as production factors in the production of each sector. The results show that the land system with Chinese characteristics has a positive effect on China's economic growth, and the land supply mode has a negative effect on it. In addition, it is also found that China's land system has a significant impact on the economic growth of the industrial sector, real estate and other service sectors, and infrastructure construction. There is a lack of in-depth research on how does the land system with Chinese characteristics, which is significantly different from that of other developing countries, affect China's economic growth. This paper attempts to discuss the above important issues by constructing and analyzing a quantitative macro-model including the factor of land system. The paper provides important policy guidance for the land supply model and its relation between China's land supply mode and its economic growth by constructing a multisector dynamic general equilibrium analysis framework.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal Marx's outstanding contribution in monetary theory and the financial connotation of Marx's monetary theory, and expounding its practical significance. This paper conducts analyses from the perspectives of the nature and function of money, the financial connotation of Marx's monetary theory, and the practical significance of the monetary theory. Marx's monetary theory is extensive and profound. It not only reveals the source, nature, function, classification, financial function and the economic and social function of money, but also provides important guiding significance for the selection of the objectives of monetary policy regulation and the prevention of financial risks. This paper tries to conduct analyses from the above perspectives in order to serve as a modest spur to induce more researchers to come forward with their valuable contributions. For a long time, the contribution of Marx has rarely been mentioned in the intellectual history of monetary theory. Even the book, of Political Economy (on Capitalism), has been only summarily concerned with the source and function of money in Marx's monetary theory, rather than revealing Marx's outstanding contribution in monetary theory and the financial connotation of Marx's Monetary Theory and expounding its practical significance. This paper tries to conduct analyses from the above perspectives in order to serve as a modest spur to induce more researchers to come forward with their valuable contributions.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the reform process of state-owned enterprises in China's micro-economic structure, their performance efficiency and future road. The reform process has shifted from a relatively single one dominated by the state- owned economy in the initial stage of the reform and opening-up under the planned economy to a more rational one. In this process, the proportion of output of the state economy shows a declining trend, whereas that of other ownership enterprises continues to rise. The paper uses the data of the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China (NBSC) for the period from 1978 to 2008. The data are divided into two parts. In the first part, the state-owned enterprises in China are classified into two groups, namely, "state-owned and state-holding enterprises" and "other ownership enterprises." The other ownership enterprises are classified as urban-r rural individual economy and non-urban-rural individual economy with Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan-funded economy as well as foreign- funded economy comprising the main part. The performance efficiency of state- owned enterprises is measured by the ratio of their output to the gross industrial output value. In the process of reform and opening-up, there found a clear answer: it is more appropriate for China to have a micro-economic structure in which public ownership predominates and diverse forms of ownership enjoy common prosperity and development. In this process, the proportion of output of state-owned economic sectors shows a declining trend, whereas that of other ownership enterprises continues to rise. The importance of collectively owned enterprises in the field of industrial output continued to increase until the mid and late 1990s. This paper is the first attempt to study the performance efficiency of state-owned enterprises in China in the context of the reform and opening-up process.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on the development of China's economics in the past 70 years and to make suggestions for the future development of the field. This paper reviews the development of China's economics in the past 70 years through a critical analysis of the major themes of reform and opening up and economic development in the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristics guided by Marxism. In the new historical era, the development of China's economics must follow the correct direction as directed by General Secretary Xi Jinping, i.e. to construct philosophy and social sciences with Chinese characteristics, Chinese style and Chinese manner guided by Marxism, and adhere to the major theoretical and practical issues of reform and opening up and economic development in the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristic. Besides, it should strive to narrow the gap between the guiding role of political economic theory research in ideology and that of modern economics in applied research, thus promoting the integrated development of theoretical, applied and policy advisory studies. This paper provides a comprehensive review of the development of China's economics in the past 70 years, and it provides a useful reference for scholars and policy makers to reflect and reflect on the major issues in the new historical era. It also provides useful suggestions for the future development of Chinese economics.
The purpose of this paper is to review the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyze its causes and responses, and summarize the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth. This paper reviews the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyzed its causes and responses, and summarized the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth. This provides important theoretical significance and practical value for the China's responses to the current trend of economic downturn, the change from rapid growth to high-quality development in the new era, and the effective promotion of sustainable economic growth under the new normal. From the brief analysis of the causes of China's economic downturn from 2010 to 2018, the reasons for this economic downturn are not exactly the same as those for previous economic downturns. To cope with the economic downturn, the authors must apply the following remedy to the case: comprehensively deepen the supply-side and demand-side structural reform; improve the systems of ownership, distribution and socialist market economy; change the pattern of economic development; optimize the economic structure; and resolve to carry out tasks of cutting overcapacity, destocking, deleveraging, reducing cost, improving weak links, reducing ineffective supply and increasing effective supply. Especially, what cannot be ignored is that we should also appropriately narrow the gap in wealth and income distribution, increase the proportion of income from wages and salaries, increase purchasing power of the people (especially those from low-income classes), expand domestic demand (especially domestic consumption demand), and achieve a basic balance between aggregate supply and demand so as to promote coordinated, stable, medium This paper reviews the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyzes its causes and responses, and summarizes the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth. This provides important theoretical significance and practical value for the China's responses to the current trend of economic downturn, the change from rapid growth to high-quality development in the new era, and the effective promotion of sustainable economic growth under the new normal.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and leverage and accommodate precious resources of Marxist political economy. The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It also discusses how the development and prosperity of Chinese philosophy and social science should grasp and accommodate resources from three aspects. The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The construction and development of China's socialist market economy is an unprecedented and brand-new undertaking, and there is no ready-made and complete theory to be applied directly from western economics. Modern western economics mainly studies the general characteristics and common characteristics of the capitalist system, and mainstream western economics has mainly focused on the price determination, resource allocation, resource fluctuation and economic growth of market economy on the assumption that the capitalist capitalist system remains unchanged. Although the research field of western economists has gradually entered the field of economic development, on the whole, western economics is the empirical research and theoretical interpretation of developed western market economies. The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The paper also discusses how to leverage and accommodate precious resources of Marxist political economy and draw lessons from western economics.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a financial conditions index (FCI) for measuring financial conditions in the post-crisis era in China. The FCI can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy. Based on monetary policy transmission, financial conditions index (FCI) is developed as an index that integrates the channels of interest rate, exchange rate, inflation rate and asset price. The authors use a panel data approach to construct FCI. The authors find that China's financial conditions index (FCI) can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy, meeting the criteria of an intermediate goal of an effective tool in measuring financial circumstances and predicting inflation or output or predicting inflation, thus an appropriate candidate for intermediate goal. This study contributes to the literature by developing an effective index for measuring financial conditions in the post-crisis era. The FCI can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy, meeting the criteria of an intermediate goal of monetary policy.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the differentiation of economic and financial cycles and the logic of China's monetary policy reform and put forward policy recommendations. This paper uses the time-varying impact of China's financial cycle on macro-economy and its asymmetric characteristics by constructing financial situation index and combining TVP-VAR model. By calculating the financial cycle and comparing it with the growth and price cycles in the economic cycle, this paper finds that: first, the synergy between the growth cycle and the price cycle is constantly increasing, which indicates that the internal consistency of the economic and financial cycles is constantly improving, while the synergistic relationship between the financial and economic cycles is first strengthened and then weakened, showing an "inverse U-shaped" relationship. Second, from 2012 to now, the financial or economic cycles have shown obvious differentiation or even deviation, indicating that the short-term macro-control based on monetary policy can no longer smooth the economic or financial cycle at the same time. This paper finds that: first, the synergy between the growth cycle and the price cycle is constantly increasing, which indicates that the internal consistency of the economic cycle is always improving, while the synergy of the financial cycle and economic cycle are first strengthened and then weakened, showing an "inverse U-shaped" relationship. Second, from 2012 to now, the financial and economic cycles have shown obvious differentiation or even deviation, indicating that the short-term macro-control based on monetary policy can no longer smooth the economic and financial cycles at the same time. It is necessary to adopt pertinent regulation and control for different cycles in order to achieve a targeted goal. The originality of this paper lies in its quantitative analysis of China's financial and economic cycles and its interpretation of the internal logic of monetary policy reform in China. This paper will give practical and clear policy recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the real urbanization level in China and compare it with that of the USA and the UK. This paper uses the population density index (PDI) method to measure the urbanization level in China, and then it compares it with that of the USA, the UK and the USA. It also compares the real urbanization rate in China with that in other countries. It can be demonstrated that there are qualitative and quantitative distinctions between cities and towns (especially cities and administrative towns except county seats) from the perspectives of both administrative levels of governments and economic and social development. By the end of 2017, China has in total 661 cities and 21,116 administrative towns above the county level. The number of permanent residents reaches 156m at Chengguan towns (where county governments are located), with a average population of approximately 100,000 per county on average, on average. However, population sizes and economic power of some administrative towns in China have far surpassed that of some counties or even pre-fecture-level cities in the central and west of China. This paper is the first to provide a quantitative measurement of the real urbanization level in China and its international comparison. It is also the first attempt to compare China's urbanization rate with that of the USA and the UK.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries. The paper discusses the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries. The paper discusses the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries. In this paper, the authors discuss the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between local government debt and regional economic growth in China and to propose economic development policy recommendations based on different types of government debts. This paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the relationship between local government debt and regional economic growth in China. In addition, this paper uses a panel data approach to examine the impact of different types of local government debts on regional growth. The results show that the impact of local government debt on regional economic growth is positive and significant. However, there is a turning point in the relationship between government debt and economic growth when the debt-dependent local investment model is no longer sustainable, and reasonable and sustainable government debt management and public investment policies are crucial. In addition, there are differences in economic development, population structure and policy formulation among different regions, and there is also a difference in the effect of different types of government debts on economic growth among regions. This paper contributes to the literature on the relation between local government debt and regional economic growth in China, and proposes economic development policy recommendations with local characteristics based on different types of government debts.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether the established mechanism of China's economic growth is the constant returns to scale or the increasing returns toScale through the supply-side structural reform, so as to provide basis for innovative development mode and supply- side structural reform. The basic point of the paper is that the analysis of China' s economic growth and the supply side of structural reform cannot simply apply the western economic growth theory. In this paper, the authors selected data from 18 sectors from 1993 to 2015 for an empirical test. Then, further panel data are used to investigate the status of returns to scale of the overall economy, and the impact of physical capital, human capital and R&D input on China's overall output from the supply side. The results show that although China's supply-side structure is divided into the sector of constant or decreasing returns to scale and that of increasing returns to Scale, most sectors of China's economy at the present stage exhibit either decreasing or constant returns, while only a few sectors show increasing return to scale. China's industries with decreasing returns are still dominant, resulting in the state of decreasing returns in the overall supply- side structure of China. The mechanism of increasing returning to scale has not been established, and its underlying reason lies in the "deviation" of the core factors restricting China's future economic growth, namely, the upgrading of industrial structure, technological progress and the role of human capital in China's economic growth. Different from existing research works, this paper argues that in the period of China's economic transition, there exists a supply-side structure of two sectors at the present stage: the industrial sector of constant or decreasing returns to scale with knowledge and human capital as its main driving force, and with the mechanism of constant and increasing returns toScale working together.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply and demand are analyzed in political economy? Second, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished? Third, what is the fundamental nature of the reform? This paper applies the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply demand and demand are analyzed in political economy, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished in real political economy? Second, what is the fundamental nature of the reform? Third, what are the tasks of supply- side structural reform and what is its nature and purpose? The basic principles in Marxism about prioritizing production and that the production and consumption are organically connected in social reproduction are the starting point of understanding the fundamental nature of supply-side structural reform in socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. From the primacy of production, the supply- side structural reform is highly unified with the fundamental task of socialist liberation and developing productive forces and is the specific way to realize socialist production in political economy. This paper applies the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply and demand are analyzed in political economy. Second, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished? Third, how can political economy serve as a starting point and provide theoretical foundation for supply- side structural reform? Is it possible to explain the fundamental nature of the reform? is it possible for the reform to go beyond the existing theories and policies and innovate?
The purpose of this paper is to present the logic of China's 40-year economic reform and major breakthroughs in political economy in China. The logic of China's 40-year economic reform is to clarify the stage of development, involving the theory of the primary stage of socialism and the Theory of the new era, which have generated four dimensions of reform. These four dimensions constitute the major theoretical breakthroughs in the field of political economy. Each of these major breakthroughs is accompanied by a series of innovations in relevant theories, which constitute a synthesis of a set of major theoretical innovations in political economics. In the process of reform, although every landmark theoretical breakthrough is marked by the speech of the highest leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC) or the decision of the CPC National Congress, each breakthrough is attributable to the theoretical contribution made by the academia of politicaleconomics. Notably, these theoretical breakthroughS invariably embrace innovations in the discourse system of political economies. The success of China's economy highlights the superiority of the socialist economic system and development path with Chinese characteristics. The use of Marxist standpoints, viewpoints, and methods to perform scientific theoretical summarization is worthwhile. The logic of China's 40-year economic reform is to clarify the stage of development, involving the theory of the primary stage of socialism and the Theory of the new era, which have generated four dimensions of reform. These four dimensions constitute the major theoretical breakthroughs in the field of political economy. Each of these major breakthroughs is accompanied by a series of innovations in relevant theories, which constitute a synthesis of major theoretical innovations in political economics. In the process of reform, although every landmark theoretical breakthrough is marked by the speech of the highest leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC) or the decision of the CPC National Congress, each breakthrough is attributable to the theoretical contribution made by the academia of politicaleconomics. Notably, these theoretical breakthroughS invariably embrace innovations in the discourse system of political economic.
Starting with the phenomenon of surplus labor transfer, this paper aims to analyze the key links on which this development path is generated and succeeds and the institutional mechanisms that support them to uncover the theoretical logic behind the Mystery of China. Starting with the phenomenon of surplus labor transfer, this paper analyzes the key links on which this development path is generated and succeeds and the institutional mechanisms that support them to uncover the theoretical logic behind the Mystery of China. The authors conclude that the long-term coexistence and mutual support of high savings rate and high investment rate are prerequisites for the continuous transfer of surplus labor force from agriculture to industry, from rural to urban areas and from state-owned to non-state-owned enterprises, namely, the long, parallel advancement of industrialization, urbanization and marketization, is the key to maintaining the long-, high-speed growth of China's economy. They also form the basis for the maintenance of this development model. The practical experience of China's development path and the theoretical logic it reveals has global significance because it effectively breaks through the long-term economic bottleneck faced by developing countries: the shortage of development funds in a large developing country with "a formidable population economically poor and culturally blank."
The purpose of this paper is to examine the shared development of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The paper aims to discuss the ideological origin of shared development concepts in the process of human history, culture and ideological development. The paper examines the shared development concept of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The shared development concepts of equity and justice, community of freeman and community of common destiny are examined from the perspective of Chinese political economics. The concept of shared development is compared with the concepts of community and shared development of Western political economics and the concept of sharing wages in the capitalist economy. It is found that the shared development concept is incompatible with the capitalist production relationship. This is because capitalism cannot contain the value orientation and the characteristics of production relations required for shared development. In Marx's view, capitalist private ownership and the corresponding market system, commodity fetishism and currency fetishism have dominated the behavior of the so-called rational economic man (homo economicus). Furthermore, labor alienation and capital power constitute the subsistence characteristics for social and individual life in capitalist production relations. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it examines the shared development of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The shared development concept is incompatible with the capitalist production relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an economic analysis of China's marketization process over four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies (ECS). This paper is based on the analysis of China's marketization process over the past four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies. China's marketization process features not only an important institutional change, but also an important transformation of its economic analysis framework. With the continuous deepening of reforms, the stance of China's economic community has shifted from being skeptical of the traditional political economy paradigm, to one where China learns from Eastern European economic results with centralization and decentralization as the mainstay elements, and then to the widespread popularity of mainstream western economic systems. The authors have found that traditional politicaleconomics cannot explain why it is necessary to give a decisive role to the market mechanism in the allocation of resources under socialist conditions, while the western mainstream economics cannot explain how to adhere to a basic socialist system under the conditions of a market economy. This paper is the first attempt to analyze China's marketization process over four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies. It provides a new economic analysis framework and paradigm that is compatible with the real economy.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the relationship between deposit insurance system (DIS) and bank runs in the context of interest rate marketization (market-oriented interest rate) in the process of financial system reform. This study adopts a dynamic model perspective to examine the relationship between interest rate marketization (marketization) and bank runs in the context of interest rate liberalization. In particular, the dynamic model is based on the theoretical framework developed by Fama (1980). The results show that, in the context of interest rate marketization (market-oriented interest rate) reform, bank runs are negatively related to the interest rate liberalization and positively related to DI institutions. In addition, the effect of DI institutions on bank runs is positively moderated by the level of interest rates and the economic environment. The results also show that bank runs have a negative effect on the implementation of the DI institution and a positive effect on bank failures. This study is the first to discuss the relationship between DIS and bank runs in the context of interest rate liberalization. It is also the first study to examine the impact of the institutional environment on the implementation of DIS in China's financial system.
A general guiding principle of China's economic construction in the new era is to shift from the pursuit of a high-speed economy to a pursuit of high-quality economic development to accelerate the establishment of a modernized economic system. The purpose of this paper is to discuss the objectives, connotations and key points of building a modern economic system; seeking solid and practical policy measures and actions; or summing up lessons and possible theoretical innovations. The basic framework of building a modern economic system is based on the theory of development economics. The key issues of the construction of a modern economy are identified and discussed in the context of the 19th CPC National Congress Report. The basic framework of building a modern economic system is as follows: first, the objectives, connotations and key points of the objectives; second, the policy measures and actions; third, the key issues; and fourth, the theoretical innovation in the construction of a moderneconomic system. This paper contributes to the development and progress of the theory of socialism with Chinese characteristics and enriches the valuable collection of the socialist economic theory of China's development. This paper is a major theoretical innovation in the cognitive category and a great contribution to the progress of socialist political economy.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the innovation and development of the theory of socialist market economy with Chinese characteristics ( SPECC). Based on the background of economic globalization and China's practice of reform and opening up, SPECC has gradually formed a series of theoretical views on opening up to the outside world. It believes that opening up is a long-term basic national policy that aims to make full use of both domestic and international markets and resources. The theory of socialist market economy constitutes an important part of the theoretical system of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It contains a series of important theoretical principles and viewpoints. The following attempts to outline its development context and elementary contour are made. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to analyze the innovation and development of the theory of socialist market economy in the context of China's reform and opening up and economic development practice.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of the US dollar (USD) as the world currency. This paper explores the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of USD as the world currency. The paper adopts a theoretical analysis of the logic of capital accumulation to analyze the nature of new imperialism. As a sovereign currency, USD has always been bound with US state power, owing to its inherent contradictions since it became the world currency. With political hegemony and strong military power, the USA supports the plundering and accumulation of USD capital in the world. It is a new imperialism with occasional wars and eternal oppression. This seemingly stable capital accumulation model is doomed to be "unsustainable" because of its irreconcilable internal contradictions. However, this inequitable and irrational capital accumulation system will remain and continue for a certain period of time before this contradiction intensifies and eventually causes the USD-centered world currency system to collapse. This paper explores the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of USD as the world currency. As a sovereign currency, USD has always been bound with US state power, owing to its inherent contradictions since it became theworld currency. With political hegemony and strong military power, the USA supports the plundering and accumulation of USD capital in the world. It is a new imperialism with occasional wars and eternal oppression. This seemingly stable capital accumulation model is doomed to be "unsustainable" because of its irreconcilable internal contradictions. However, this inequitable and irrational capital accumulation system will remain and continue for a certain period of time before this contradiction intensifies and eventually causes USD-centered world currency system to collapse.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between scientific and technological innovation (STI) and the development of the real economy. The authors use the "Statistical Bulletin on National Science and Technology Funds Inputs in 2016" as the basis for analyzing the relationship between the development of the real economy and STI. The authors also use the concept of "underweighted real economy" and "overweighted virtual economy" to analyze the impact of STI on the real economic growth. The results show that STI is positively and significantly related to the development of the real economy. In addition, there is a positive and significant relationship between STI and the real economic growth. This study is the first attempt to examine the relationship between STI and real economic growth in China. The results of this study may be useful to policy makers and researchers in the field of STI, as well as those involved in the real economy development.
The purpose of this paper is to recapitulate the long-standing issue of the relationship between economic thoughts and realities, and to reflect on the prevalence of the westernized doctrine of the mystery of the "Doctrine of the Mystery of China's Growth." This paper is based on a historical and dialectical approach to critically reflect and examine the past economic issues and theories. It should be emphasized that the focus of this paper is not to explore the "mystery of China's growth" itself, nor to comment on western economic theories, but to reflect from a cognitive perspective on the unintentional or intentional misplacement or absence of scenarios in the cognitive model of the current "Chinese growth miracle," based on the collation and analysis of theoretical issues. While learning, understanding and applying western economic theory, the later generations shall try to recapitulate the historical scenarios that produced and accommodated them, to clarify the background of their origins, lest the scenarios become gradually blurred while history drifts away. This paper intends to show that the thoughts of that era have the imprint of the era and, in turn, it is the imprint that formed that epoch-making thinking. However, when the economic realities that the economic thinking relied on were consigned to be history, undergoing major changes during critical historical turning points, recapitulating the ancient topic of the relationship between economic thoughts-realities relationship is particularly urgent. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to recapitulate the long-standing issue of the relationship between economic thoughts and realities in the context of the "Doctrine of the Mystery of China's Growth." It is also the first time that this issue has been recapitulated in this way.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth in the context of the growing Sino-US trade and trade frictions. This study adopts a structural equation modeling approach to examine the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth and trade frictions in the Sino-US context. The results show that domestic demand-based economic globalization has a positive and significant impact on inclusive growth, while trade frictions have a negative and significant effect on the level of inclusive growth. In addition, the authors also find that the positive impact of domestic demand on the inclusive growth is stronger than the negative impact of trade friction. This study is the first to explore the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth in the context of Sino-US trade and trade frictions. This study is also the first attempt to empirically test the relationship between domestic demand and inclusive growth.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese manufacturing monopolies during the economic transition period. In particular, this paper aims to explore whether these monopolies are rent-seeking monopolies or innovation-oriented monopolies. This paper uses a panel data set of the Chinese manufacturing sector during the economic transition period to explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese monopolies. This paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) to estimate the relationship between corporate monopoly power and total factor productivity (TFP). The results show that Chinese manufacturing monopolies are generally rent-seeking monopolies, and innovation-oriented monopolies have a negative relationship with TFP. The results also show that the relationship between TFP and innovation is not only positive, but also negative. This paper is the first attempt to explore the relationship between corporate monopoly power and TFP and explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese monopolies during the economic transition.
Exploring the "Systematic Economic Theory" with Chinese Characteristics (SETCC) marks a fundamental postulation for the development of contemporary Chinese Marxist Political Economy, and an important indicator of the Chinese Wisdom thereof. Comrade Xi Jinping's profound exposition of the historical background, social roots, practical basis, essential characteristics, temporal significance and ideological perspective of the formation of SETCC constitutes the theoretical and ideological essence of his speech on the theme of "Continuously Exploring the New Zeitgeist of Marxist Political economy in China" at the 19th CPC National Congress. The purpose of this paper is to explore the "New Economic Zeitgeist in Xi Jinping Exploring SETCC" in the new era. This paper is based on the analysis of Xi's speech on the theme of "Continuously Exploring the New Zeitgeist of Marxist Political Economy in China" at the 19th CPC National Congress of the CPC Central Committee. The new theory of building a modernized economic system with supply-side structural reform as the main line has expanded and innovated the theoretical connotation of Xi's New Economic Zeitgeist and sublimated the realm of SETCC. This is the theoretical guidance and practical guide for SPECC in the new era. The originality and value of this paper lies in the extension and innovation of the "systematic economic theory" in the construction of the modern economic system in the new era. It is a new topic for the development of Xi's New Economic Zeitgeist and a new basis for the formation of SETCC.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the implication of "high-quality development" (HQD) and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature on HQD, as well as on the experience of the Chinese Communist Party during the transition from HSG to HQD. This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. Unlike the rapid growth stage primarily driven by instrumental rationality, the HQD stage calls for a new momentum with more authentic value and rationality, which directly aims at development strategies and objectives catering to people's aspirations and the authentic purpose of economic development. This new momentum, with its supply side driven by innovation and demand side by people's desires, is precisely the new dynamic mechanism that promotes HQD. This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. It is the first attempt to integrate the instrumental rationality of market economy and the value-based rationality of economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to look back in history for the existence of long-term economic fluctuations in the development of capitalist countries from the middle of nineteenth century to the 1970s. - First, this paper will look back in history for the existence of long-term economic fluctuations in the development of capitalist countries. Next, it will consider the growth rate of industrial production, of total output, of the gross domestic product (GDP hereinafter), as well as the long- term fluctuations of world industrial production in the major capitalist countries from the middle of the nineteenth century to the 1970s. - It is clear that observing the long-term economic fluctuations with regard to the industrial production or the growth rate of national output is more in line with the substance and nature of economic activities. The growth rates of industrial production, of total output, of the gross domestic product (GDP hereinafter), as well as of world industrial production in the major capitalist countries from the middle of the nineteenth century to the 1970s clearly indicate the presence of the long wave. This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the inner mechanism of the long wave in the development of capitalist economy.
As the essential requirement of socialism with Chinese characteristics, common prosperity stands for both the goal and the final result. Common prosperity is only possible when the low- and middle-income groups, thanks to economic progress, enjoy higher income growth rate than the average. Such a pro-poor growth is the essential approach to achieve common prosperity. The purpose of this paper is to discuss ways of achieving pro- poor growth. The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth and common prosperity of socialism with Chinese characteristics. Shared development enriches the meaning of common prosperity as a goal and approach. On the path toward common prosperity based on shared development, it is important to accelerate income growth of low- and medium-income groups through collaborative and shared growth to balance growth and distribution as well as efficiency and equality. The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth. The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth. In the New Normal, China's economy has shifted from high growth to medium to high growth. Focus should be placed on pursuing people-centered new urbanization, creating more job opportunities and enhancing employment as a part of primary distribution, rather than increasing salaries alone.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the institutional factors behind the decision making and result of Chinese enterprises' large-scale outbound investment from the micro perspective of enterprise investment decision-making. This paper uses 2,440 micro samples of 609 Chinese enterprises outbound investment from 2005 to 2016 to discuss the effects of formal and informal institutional differences on the decision making and result of enterprise investment. The paper also discusses whether the impact varies due to the host country's participation in the BRI. This study has discovered that, first, formal institutional differences significantly hinder the scope of large-scale outbound investment by enterprises but have no significant impact on the scale of investment. Second, in contrast, informal institutional differences have more extensive influence on the decision making and result of enterprise investment: expanding the scale, reducing the scope and adopting a full ownership structure and merger and acquisition mode. Third, both formal and informal institutional factors significantly increase the probability of failure for enterprise large- scale outward investment. Fourth, the complementarities created by the Belt and Road Initiative on institutional differences are mainly reflected in formal institutions, while the Initiative's function of bridging the gap between different cultures is relatively inadequate. The existing literature mostly studies from the perspective of Chinese enterprises' total investment and lacks a focused discussion on this issue. Since few papers have discussed this issue, this paper tries to fill the gap. This paper provides a comprehensive framework to study the outbound investment by enterprises.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the research and development (R&D) value of Chinese manufacturing listed companies (CMLCs) based on the financial market's valuation of corporate assets. The authors introduce investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, and analyze the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment on R&D value. This paper adopts the hedonic price equation method to estimate the R&D value of Chinese manufacturing listed companies. The underlying assumption is that: a listed company is a combination of assets (usually including plant and equipment, inventory, intellectual property, trademarks and reputation), whose value is determined by the financial market every day, and the margin shadow value (total return) of knowledge assets in the market can be obtained from the regression coefficient. This paper also introduces investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, and estimates the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment on enterprise value. The results show that the financial market's valuation of corporate assets has a positive and significant impact on the R&D value of CMLCs in China, and the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment has a negative and significant effect on the value of the CMLC. The results also show that market volatility has a significant and positive impact on R& D value, while investor sentiment does not have any significant impact. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to estimate the R&D value of Chinese CMLCs based on the financial market's valuation of corporate assets in the capital market. This study also introduces investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, which has not been considered in previous studies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the imbalance of industrial spatial layout and the resulting inequity of inter-regional welfare in China's eastern coastal areas, and to put forward the policy proposition of industrial transfer. This paper uses the welfare economics approach to analyze the industrial spatial layout restructuring in China's eastern coastal areas. The authors use the social optimal agglomeration and the market optimal aggLomeration as the theoretical frameworks, and then apply them to the industrial layout restructuring of China. Based on the analysis, it is found that the imbalance of industrial spatial layout is mainly due to the large deviation between the market's optimal agglomeration and the social optimal aggLomeration, and the so-called market-optimistic agglomersation refers to the equilibrium result of the industrial layout under the long-term stability under the free operation of the market; the social-optimal agglOM refers to a spatial distribution state corresponding to the maximization of the social welfare; and the market- optimality refers to an optimal spatial distribution of social welfare. It is also found that there is a dual differentiation of individual welfare and regional welfare. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze the industrial layout restructuring in China from the perspective of welfare economics, and it is also the first attempt to examine the inter-regional welfare effects of industrial transfer in the context of China's economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to make an empirical study on the innovation performance of listed companies on GEM, the pioneer of China's industrial innovation and its determinants. China's GEM has existed for nearly ten years since its establishment in 2009, and about 700 SMEs have been successfully listed on the GEM. However, its development quality is not high and has been criticized for the prevalence of market fraud, the large fluctuation of the index, the fact that the index has remained unchanged for ten years and the failure to cultivate a truly subversive and innovative company such as BATJ. This study uses a panel data set of companies listed on the GEM for ten years from 2009 to 2016. The data set consists of 1,845 companies listed in the G EM. The authors use the ordinary least squares regression model to evaluate the relationship between innovation performance and its determinants, and the regression model is also used to examine the impact of R&D inputs on innovation performance. First, there is significant positive correlation between innovation performance and R&D inputs of companies listed on the GEM Board. The significance test at 0.1 percent level is passed and the correlation coefficient is 0.8, the highest among all factors. This suggests that the increase of R & D investments remains to be the most important way to improve the innovation performance of listed companies on GEM, and it is also the internal driving force for the sustainable growth of the company, which is in line with the traditional view of innovation economics. However, negative correlation is observed between innovationperformance and inputs in human resources among all other inputs. Human resources, represented by the proportion of staff with higher education or above in the entire population, are negatively correlated to the company's profits of the main business, suggesting that companies with higher investments in human capital have lower performance. There is a lack of in-depth research on GEM innovation in theoretical circles and this paper attempts to make an empirical study on the innovation performance of listed companies on the GEM, the pioneer of China's industrial innovation and its determinants.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the principal contradiction and its evolution in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology. From the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology, this paper discusses the principal contradiction and its evolution in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics. The political economy methods of the dialectical materialism and the historical materialism, as well as the scientific abstract methods are demonstrated in Das Kapital and Marx's other books on economics. The principal contradiction in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics can be explained from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology. It is not a result of the exploiting class' lack of ideas such as morality, justice, fairness, and fairness, but it is an historical inevitability, which is in line with the law of economic development. It can only be explained by one law that productivity determines production relations, and productivity determines relations of production relations. The principal contradiction in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics can be explained from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology. It is not a result of the exploiting class' lack of ideas such as morality, justice, fairness, and fairness, but it is a historical inevitability, which is in line with the law of economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era. This paper is based on a review of the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era. The major innovations are summarized from the following aspects. The paper finds that China's economic development should be guided by no other theories of economics than socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. Its necessity lies in two aspects. First, China has its unique development conditions. Any development theory from abroad will find it difficult to correctly guide and clarify development problems in a socialist country, such as the huge population and the extreme imbalance between the urban and the rural and among regional developments. Second, the problems of China'seconomic development cannot be solved without the analysis of the relations of production. Only political economy studies both the relation of production and the productive forces, and only a theory combining both can correctly guide China's Economic Development. This paper is the first attempt to analyze the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era. It will be of value to all those interested in the development of China's economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap. This paper uses the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap. The paper finds that China's socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics can avoid the middle-income trap under the new normal by adopting new concepts in the course of development: innovation, coordination, environmental awareness, openness and sharing. The originality of this paper lies in the use of the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap under the new normal.
The Socialist Political Economy with Chinese Characteristics (SPECC) is the crystallization of Chinese wisdom and the shared wealth of all humanity, showing both nationality and internationality. The purpose of this paper is to offer Chinese wisdom such as theoretical guidance and support for global development. This paper is based on a theoretical analysis of the SPECC's development in the context of China's economic reform and modernization. The SPECC not only reveals its specific traits, but also indicates the general rules of the global economic development, showing both nationality and internationality. Whether to focus on the nationality or the internationality, the key lies in innovation. For the SPECC, China is required to develop its own subjectivity and creativity, in a way that spread its national identity and lets the world recognize its subjectivity, creativity and subjectivity. The SPECC not only reveals its specific traits, but also indicates the general rules of the global economic development, showing both nationality and internationality. The SPECC ought to generate new contributions to today's world.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between economic theory innovation and China's development practice, and to develop a new theoretical system for contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics. This paper adopts a qualitative research approach to develop a theoretical system for the contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The theoretical system is based on a series of major theoretical innovations in economic system, economic operation and economic development that lead the great practice of the socialist economic construction with Chinese characteristic into success. The results of this study show that the theoretical innovation in economic theory is the core element of China's development practice, and that China's economic development practice is the result of a series of major theoretical innovations in economic system, economic operation and economic development that lead the great practice of socialist economic construction with Chinese characteristics into success. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to systematize economic theory innovation and China's development practice into a theoretical system of contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to set aside the coexistence of diversified ownership, and conducted a detailed examination on the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy, especially with regards to the organic integration of public ownership. This combination determines the future of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the success or failure of economic restructuring. The paper adopts a theoretical approach and conducts a detailed examination on the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy under the backdrop of socialism. It is found that the diversification of ownership structure has not made the combination of public ownership and market economy lose its central or indeed pivotal significance in the socialist market economy. In the course of deepening reforms of the economic system, if we cannot keep improving the dominant position of public Ownership, fully reflect the requirements and characteristics of publicownership, utilise the superiority of the socialist system, and persist in the direction of reforming socialist market Economy, it is merely an empty slogan. The shared ideal of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the lofty goals of communism will then become empty words. This paper is the first attempt to examine the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy, especially with regards to the organic integration of public ownership. This combination determines the future of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the success or failure of economic restructuring.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the fiscal system of China under the New Normal and to identify the factors affecting China's taxation revenue under the new normal. This paper uses the tax elasticity coefficient of China's taxation revenue as a measure of revenue-increasing ability and the ratio of tax revenue growth rate to GDP growth rate as an indicator of revenue growth momentum. With the continuing downturn of the global economy, China has gradually promoted the supply-side structural reform by cutting overcapacity, reducing excess inventory, deleveraging, lowering costs and strengthening areas of weakness, but the pressure of the economic slowdown keeps on increasing. If there are no unconventionally special revenue-increasing measures, the further decline in revenue growth is a foregone conclusion. Second, as the primary source of China's revenue, the taxation revenue under the existing taxation system mainly comes from indirect taxes, such as value-added tax (VAT), consumption tax and business tax. Such a taxation revenue pattern of "indirect taxes being predominate" means that, with the economic downturn and the PPI's continuing decline even becoming negative, revenue growth slows down at a pace faster than the deceleration rate of GDP, which can be expected. This paper is the first to analyze the fiscal system of China under the New Normal. It is also the first one to examine the factors affecting China's taxation revenue in the past few years.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants on China's structural change in a unified analytical framework and analyze the direction and magnitude of each of these effects. This paper uses a unified analytical framework to examine the determinants on China's structural change in a unified framework and analyze the direction and magnitude of each of these effects. The authors find that the degree of openness has been increasing, and the total value of imports and exports which are measured at the current rate of RMB occupied as a share of GDP rose from 12.4 percent in 1980 to 35.8 percent in 2015. In recent years, an important breakthrough in the field of structural change highlights the role of international trade. However, based on the latest research on China's macroeconomic characteristics and structural change, it is also found that the following three factors may also play an important role. First, since China's reform and opening up, the investment rate has been above 30 percent. Second, China's investment activities have a disproportionate impact on the demand for products in the three sectors, which may affect the structural change. Third, the household registration system, public education, and social security have caused labor to shift from the sector with lower relative prices to other sectors due to the Baumol effect. This paper examines the determinants on China's structural change in a unified analytical framework and analyzes the direction and magnitude of each of these effects.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade and the measures for the transformational development of China's foreign trade in the context of the Chinese economy. This paper is based on the analysis of the current situation of China's foreign trade development and provides a theoretical framework for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade. The key to successfully promote the transformation and development of China's foreign trade lies in the implementation of effective measures for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade. Based on this realistic demand, China should focus on the following aspects: paying attention to technological innovation: no matter what we do, to improve the quality of products by focusing on the original product areas, to elevate its status in the global value chain, or to adjust and optimize the industrial structure, the most fundamental, direct and efficient method is to upgrade technology. In this connection, China must increase its funding in R&D and technological transformation to improve its technology. The key to successfully promote the transformation and development of China's foreign trade lies in the implementation of effective measures for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade. It is believed that as long as the reform measures are conducted properly, enterprises or individuals, acting as the economic units, can become real innovators.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review on Wang Yanan's research on the relationship between Das Kapital and political economy in the broad sense. - This paper is based on a review of Wang Yanan's research on the relationship between Das Kapital and the political economy in the broad sense. Wang Yanan has contributed much to the study of political economy in the broad sense. He has focused on the relationship between "Das Kapital" and the political economy. Numerous ideas covering the politicaleconomics in the wide sense are involved in the overall structure of Das Kapital, methodology of historical materialism, and analyses of the historical fate of capitalist system. This paper provides a comprehensive review of the relationship between Das Kapital and political economy in the broad sense. It provides a useful reference for researchers and practitioners to understand the key objects studied in the book.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a theoretical interpretation on how the urban-rural income gap affects the quality of economic growth and take an empirical test on the sample panel data, from 1998 to 2015, in 30 provinces and regions of China through DiffGMM and SYSGMM models. This paper uses the panel data, from 1998 to 2015, from 30 provinces and regions of China, and takes an empirical test on the sample panel data. The evaluations of the dynamic panel data model through DiffGMM and SYSGMM both present a mechanism affecting the quality of economic growth in China's advancement. The results show that the urban-rural income gap is negatively correlated with the quality of economic growth in China's advancement. The ratio of urban-Rural income is significantly correlated with both the quantity and quality of China's economic growth. This paper offers a theoretical interpretation on how the urban-rural income gap affects the quality of economic growth and takes an empirical test on the sample panel data, from 1998 to 2015, in 30 provinces and regions of China through DiffGMM and SYSGMM models.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the technical efficiency of the health-care systems in 21 selected middle-income countries during the period 2000-2014. The technical efficiency of the health-care systems of 21 selected middle-income countries during the period 2000-2016 has been evaluated using the method of generalized method of moments (GMM). The data used in this study have been obtained from the World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Report for the period of 2000-2008. The data have been analyzed using the GMM method. The results show that Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, China, Brazil, Colombia, India, Indonesia, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, Philippines, Romania, South Africa, Thailand, Turkey and Vietnam are the most efficient health-care systems among the 21 selected countries. In addition to that, the results also show that Russia and Turkey are the least efficient in terms of technical efficiency. This paper is the first of its kind to evaluate the technical efficiency of health-care systems in selected middle-income countries in light of their diverse economic, political and institutional structure.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the factors which help explain the high levels of engagement by the Maltese electorate in European Parliament (EP) elections, even though the latter are generally taken as second-order elections (SOE) and therefore characterised by lower turnout. This paper is a case study of the 2019 EP elections in Malta, which was conducted using a combination of primary and secondary data sources. Primary data were collected through a series of focus groups and interviews with key actors involved in the election campaign and post-election analysis of the results. Secondary data were gathered through a variety of sources, including official statistics, newspaper articles, newspaper reports, newspaper clippings, political party websites and social media. Maltese EP elections confirm many of the observations predicted by the SOE model but there are important limitations, primarily centred on the fact that the STV system coupled with the strong, adversarial nature of Maltese politics and dominance of the two main parties means that there are few incentives to vote for non-mainstream parties and that, in this respect, the dynamic expected in terms of support for ruling and non-ruling parties will be skewed, especially when opposition parties make it difficult for the electorate toVote for them. With no incentives tovote for third parties and negligible expectations of that support being effective, voters tend to be corralled into betting on a two-horse race. This is the first study to use the SOE model to explain the high levels of engagement by the Maltese electorate in EP elections, even though the latter are generally taken as second-order elections (SOE) and therefore characterised by lower turnout.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the evolution of the American strategy toward terrorism in the aftermath of the events of September 11, 2001. In other words, this study revolves around a key question: How and why the American security strategy toward Terrorism evolved in the following years after September 11 attacks. Based on the neorealist approach in international relations, this paper attempted to answer that question: first, through defining the concept of terrorism and how the Americans perceive it; second, via pinpointing the characteristic of the American counter-terrorism strategy before September 11 attacks; and third, through examining the effects of those terrorist attacks on that strategy. The first finding was that the 9/11 attacks served as a turning point of the US counter-terrorism strategy and restructured its agenda. Confronting the communist threat had been its primary objective, until terrorism came to the fore and became its first and foremost priority. The USA vowed that terrorism is its enemy and waged the war on terror to thwart its risk as a global threat. The second finding revolves around the idea of double standards in the American foreign policy. True to its long-standing tradition of favoring its own interests, in complete disregard of the interests of any other party, the USA continued to uphold the double-standards policy. This well manifested by its attitude toward the Palestinian cause. This paper is one of the first attempts to examine the evolution of the American security strategy toward terrorism in the aftermath of the events of September 11, 2001.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of Powell, Emilia (2020): Islamic Law and International Law: Peaceful Resolution of Disputes, Oxford and others. This paper is a review of Powell, Emilia (2020): Islamic Law and International Law: Peaceful Resolution of Disputes, Oxford. Powell's attempt to develop a generalizable mid-range theory which shall serve as explanatory instrument for ILS' view of all conflict management venues. The decisive factor to explain international variation is the domestic legal system. The briefing saves busy executives and researchers hours of reading time by selecting only the very best, most pertinent information and presenting it in a condensed and easy-to-digest format.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the mutual causality between stock market development and economic growth in a Tanzanian setting. The study uses the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) and bound testing approach to examine the causality between stock market development and economic growth in Tanzania. The results suggest that stock market development have both negative and positive causality for both short-run and long-run causality with economic growth. Conversely, economic growth only negatively affects liquidity both in the short run and in the long run. The results are consistent to the supply-leading causality hypothesis and in line to both Erdem et al. (2010) and Odhiambo (2011a, 2011b) findings. They show predominantly a unidirectional causality flow from stock marketdevelopment to economic growth and find partial causality from economic growth to stock market Development, as represented by stock market turnover which proxied liquidity. This study is the first of its kind to explore the mutual causality between stock market development and economic growth in a Tanzanian setting. The results are consistent to the supply-leading causality hypothesis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the importance of financial inclusion in addressing extreme poverty by 2030, the year UN member states set as a target for achieving the sustainable development goals (SDGs). The authors assess improvements in financial inclusion against four targets of 0%, 1.5%, 3% and 5% living in poverty. Using system dynamic panel estimation methodology on annual data for 11 MENA countries and 23 EMs over the period 1990-2017, the study uses several measures of financial inclusion that cover access side of financial services to analyze its impact on eradicating extreme poverty (SDG 1). The results of the study show that financial access index (or acc index comprising of atms, ba and bb) has a statistically significant impact on reducing extreme poverty for the full sample and the MENA region. The results confirm that a one-unit increase in the acc index results in a fall in the poverty count by about 2.22% for theFull sample and a fall of about 5% in the EMs sample. This is the first study to analyze the impact of financial inclusion on poverty reduction in the MENA region using a gap analysis approach. It is also one of the first studies to use a dynamic panel estimation methodology to analyze financial inclusion in MENA countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the various strategies higher education institutions can pursue in making political science relevant in the twenty-first century. The authors reflect on specific measures undertaken by institutions globally to equip students with unique skills to enhance the value and relevance of their programmes in the context of an increased technologically driven environment. This paper embarks on a qualitative approach to the review of the literature with implications for practice in examining how universities globally are applying strategies in raising students' skill levels to enhance future workplace value. It begins first by tracing the development of various models, theoretical frameworks pertaining to best practice approaches towards changes in political science curriculum over recent decades. Then, it provides recommendations for practical of approaches to increasing the value of the discipline via the acquisition of training and skills, innovative learning pedagogies and the deployment of targeted career and employability initiatives. The authors found that contrary to prevailing opinions, a huge skills gap exists for filling the demand for twenty-first century political science related careers in the public and private sector. There are some external factors which impedes on the employability of political science majors as they compete within the sphere of the job market. These may include the drastically reduced supply of labour due to globalisation and financial crisis. This paper is the first of its kind to reflect on specific measures undertaken by institutions globally to equip students with unique skills to enhance the value and relevance of their programmes in the context of an increased technologically driven environment. It provides recommendations for practical implementation of approaches to increasing the value of the discipline via the acquisition of training and skills, innovative learning pedagogies and the deployment of targeted career and employability initiatives.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the mbitian horizon of analysis to the study of the African concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts. The paper uses the concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts. It uses the Mbitian horizon of analysis to explain the communalist vision of African society upon which Mbiti's arguments are grounded and to pre-empt any suspicions of African supernaturalism that might rise from studying such an abstract concept by outlining the existential nature upon which African concepts of personhood and destiny are based. The paper finds that the African concept of time has been used by Mbiti as a tool to understand African conflicts. It is argued that African societies are characterized by a communalist view of politics, which is based on the belief in the priority of the communal life, the preservation of inherited values, and the protection of the heritage. The originality of the paper lies in the use of the African concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts. The value of this paper is in the fact that it is the first attempt to apply the mbitian horizon of analysis to the study of African conflicts in the context of the traditional African worldview.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006); investigate the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss- averse agents; and examine the effect of levying transaction taxes on markets stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies; fundamental and technical. The authors introduce loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006), investigating the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss- averse agents and examining the effect of levying transaction taxes on market stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies. The results reveal that the switching behavior between technical and fundamental trading strategies between the two financial markets following the loss-aversion behavioral bias has a positive effect on market stability and price distortion. Furthermore, the effect of levying transaction taxes on the dynamics of the two markets is found to be positive and significant. This paper introduces loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006); investigating the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss-Averse agents; and examining the effect of levying transaction taxes on markets stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies; fundamental and technical.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between military expenditure and economic growth in India, during the period 1980-2016. To achieve this objective, the authors will analyze the relationship between military expenditure and economic growth, using time series approach, and Hendry general-to-specific (GTS) modeling methodology. The authors conclude that there is no causal relationship between military expenditure and economic growth in Indian case, during period 1980-2016. It may be suggested that military expenditure indirectly enhanced economic growth. Despite the absence of direct role of military expenditure on economic growth, the Indian military industry has supported Indian development through technological spillover to civilian sectors, thereby raising productivity and enhancing growth. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this kind of analysis has not been carried out before for Indian case.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen on the security of the Arabian Gulf in light of Neorealism. The study uses the Yemeni Revolution as a case study to analyze the impact of Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen on the security of the Arabian Gulf in light of Neorealism. The analysis is based on the analysis of the literature review and the analysis level of the Neorealist approach. The study found that the Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen have had a significant impact on the security of the Arabian Gulf, especially in terms of its threat to the GCC countries' security. The study also found that there is a need for GCC countries to strengthen their military capabilities to defend themselves and expand their power, making them dangerous to each other, while the Yemeni Revolution has become a source of threat to their security. The current study is distinguished from previous studies in its analysis of the Arab Spring Revolutions and the resulting changes, especially the changes in Yemen and the ensuing Civil War; its impact on the security of the Arabian Gulf and its threat, and how the GCC countries are confronting that threat.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the utility of interdisciplinary fields such as social psychology in studying terrorism. Terrorism is known to be a political phenomenon which is intriguing to many political scientists. Due to its complexity, political scientists who study terrorism celebrate their victory as they solve the mystery of this phenomenon. However, some aspects of terrorism urge political scientists to cooperate with scholars from other disciplines and admit that they need their help. One of these aspects that seems problematic to political scientists is the question: who is a terrorist? Or who can become a terrorist. To answer this question, this paper presents the various contributions of psychology on one hand and social psychology on the other hand in an attempt to discover the importance of interdisciplinary fields such as social psychology. Psychological contributions of social psychology proved to be more beneficial to the political scientists to understand this aspect of terrorism that they could not grasp. Psychologists themselves started to recognize this fact, which gave greater strength and credibility to the contributions of the interdisciplinary field: social psychology. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to explore the utility of interdisciplinary fields in studying terrorism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges faced by social entrepreneurship in Egypt with a special focus on government related challenges. The research was conducted on four social enterprises operating in Egypt as well as the ministry of social solidarity as a representative for the government with regards to that field. The data were collected via semi-structured interviews with the representatives of social enterprises and the Ministry of Social solidarity. The research classified the challenges and arrived to three broad themes; institutional and operational, cultural and educational, and policy making and government related challenges. The institutional and operations challenges were related to access to funding, limited access to technical support for social enterprises, and limitedaccess to qualified employees. The cultural and education challenges are related to limited recognition of social entrepreneurship as a field to the ordinary citizen and institutions, and the absence of social entrepreneurs education at schools and universities, which results in difficulties in attracting sponsorships. The policymaking and government challenges wererelated to the new NGO law, taxation, tight monitoring and supervision, negative perception about the dealership with the government and the individual nature of support that the government offers, instead of a systematic one. This research is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by social entrepreneurship in Egypt with a special focus on government related challenges. The findings of this research have implications for government policy in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to find an explanation in International Political Economy (IPE) theory to this event, with a focus on neomercantilism, which is the nearest equivalent in IPE theory to the International Relations theory of realism. This paper uses IPE theory to explain the Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share during the oil price war. The Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share, where the long-term strategic gains of protecting market share overcame short-term profits or revenue gains, displayed a Saudi application of neomercantilism. The Saudi policy during the oil price war of 2014 reflected an application of IPE theory. This paper finds that Saudi Arabia's policy during this price war was based on three main reasons. First, having a large market share would guarantee "demand security" for the vast Saudi oil supplies. Saudi Arabia has the largest oil reserves in the world (about 265 billion barrels). These oil reserves will not deplete before one hundred years by some estimates, and the Saudi economy needs to ensure that these revenues will remain sellable in the short-run. So Saudi Arabia needs to secure long- term external markets and customers to export this oil in the future. Second, a largemarket share would ensure political influence in importing countries. Without it, Saudi Arabia would be reduced to The Saudi policy during the oil price war of 2014 reflected an application of neomercantilism. The Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share, where the long-term strategic gains of protecting market share overcame short-term profits or revenue gains, displayed a Saudi application of IPE theory.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the factors that influence the online shopping behavior of Egyptian consumers and to provide knowledge for companies to foster user acceptance and usage of online shopping. This study is based on a sample of graduate and undergraduate students from the Faculty of Economics and Political Science, Cairo University. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to a convenience sample of 1,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The research model was tested using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that the factors affecting the online shopping behavior of the Egyptian college-educated community are perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, perceived risk, perceived ease-of-use and perceived usefulness. The results also revealed that perceived usefulness and perceived risk are the most important factors that influence the decision to shop online among the Egyptian consumers. In addition, the results of this study indicated that perceived risk is the most significant factor that influences the online consumers' decision to shopping. This study will contribute to providing an empirical application of the TAM on the Egyptian consumers in addition to enhancing the knowledge of electronic retailers about the factors that drive consumers toward shopping online. In addition, this study is the first of its kind to examine the factors affecting online shopping behavior among college-educated Egyptian consumers.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the external behavior of small states in light of the theories of international relations. The authors analyze the foreign policies of some small developing countries in the light of theories of realism and non-material power. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the foreign policies of small states in the light of the theories of international relations. The literature is divided into three groups. The first group deals with the theoretical dimensions of small state's foreign behavior. The second group includes studied which focus on the impact of international environment on small states' external behavior. Finally, the third group of studies deals with studies on the external behavior of small developing countries. The results of the study show that the external behavior of small states is affected by the two dimensions of power (material and non-material) and the two variables of perception and political leadership. In addition, the study shows that the influence of these two dimensions on the foreign policy of small countries is not the same in both the developed and the developing countries. This paper is the first of its kind to analyze the external behavior of small states in light of the theories of international relations. It is also one of the few studies that analyze the foreign policies of small developing countries in the light of international theory.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the nature of the regional challenges affecting Kuwait's national security. The study focuses on the Iranian threat, the Arab Spring revolutions and the Gulf crisis with Qatar. The research problem revolves around the main following question: What is the nature of the regional challenges facing Kuwait since the outbreak of the Arab Spring revolutions? The study is divided into the following four sections: Iran's threat to Kuwait's national security, the impact of theArab Spring revolutions on Kuwait's National Security, the Gulf crisis and its impact on Kuwaits national security and research findings. The study uses a qualitative approach. The findings of the study show that the Iranian threat, the Arab Spring revolutions and the Gulf crisis with Qatar are the main regional challenges affecting Kuwait's national security. The Iranian threat is the most serious threat to Kuwait's security, followed by the Arab spring revolutions. The Gulf crisis is the second most important threat. Kuwait has been able to cope with these threats by adopting a proactive approach. The study also shows that Kuwait's foreign policy has been influenced by the nature of the regional challenges. The importance of the study stems from the fact that the Arab region witnessed many developments at the political, economic and social levels since the outbreak of the Arab Spring revolutions. These developments posed many threats to Arab countries such as the spread of terrorism, religious extremism, terrorist organizations and non-state actors. They also became a key determinant of foreign policy. Kuwait was affected by these developments. In addition, it faces threats affecting its national security. The study addresses these threats and how Kuwait, as a small state, has dealt with such enormous ones.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on early retirement incentive programs as a strategy for restructuring human resources showing that restructuring human resource is not limited to workforce reduction and that successful workforce reduction can be achieved through early retired incentive programs. Early retirement is one of the important issues, at the local and global levels, affecting the economic, social and administrative structures of the countries and, thus, it needs to adopt effective reform programs. This paper is based on the theoretical perspective of human resources restructuring, which focuses on a broader perspective that focuses on the alignment of many considerations such as the economic conditions experienced by governments in facing the economic problems related to workers during and after restructuring, the harmonization of social considerations of workers and the arising parallel social norms such as unemployment rates and creation of new opportunities. When starting human resource restructuring, it is important to maintain the effective elements within the government sector. It is important for the Egyptian case to have its own effective means to communicate with the probable retirees and the public sector organizations to ensure the best results of early retirement incentive programs. Reducing work force is not the main objective of such programs. It is necessary to match the desired work force with the skills to be maintained within the government sector. This study focuses on early retirement incentive programs as a strategy for restructuring human resources showing that restructuring human resource is not limited to workforce reduction and that successful workforce reduction can be achieved through early retirement reward programs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effects of climatic variability on food security in the East African Community (EAC) region, over the period 2000-2014, using panel data. Panel data analysis is used to estimate the relationship between food production and different climate-change factors (namely precipitation and temperature) in EAC States. The results show that rainfall has a positive and significant impact on food security in the region, while temperature has a negative and significant effect. Hence, increase in rainfall might cause an increment in food production and food security while changing temperature patterns could be a challenge for attaining food security. Also, findings indicate that there is an insignificant impact for population growth on our dependent variable, whereas land under cereal production has a significant and positive effect. Thus, increasing the cultivated lands with cereal crops will directly increase food production in the EAC region. This paper is the first of its kind to estimate the relationship between food production and different climate-change factors (namely precipitation and temperature) in EAC States. It also tries to explore ways that enable the adaptation of agriculture sector in these countries to climate change and mitigate the effect of this change on food.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance and impact of factors affecting the role of local councils in local policy-making in Erbil province/Iraq. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the local councils in Erbil. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. There is no significant impact at a significance level of 0.05 on the role of local councils in the local policy-making process. However, there is a significant impact on the roles of other actors in the process of policy formulation and policy decision-making. In addition, the results show that there are no significant differences in the importance of political factors and the roles played by other actors on local councils' role in local policy making. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the role of local councils in the local policy-making process in the context of Erbil province/Iraq. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for the development of the local government system in Iraq and the Kurdistan region in general.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of individuals as actors in the international arena and mainly the transnational effects of private entrepreneurs. It delves deep into the case of Mark Zuckerberg - CEO of Facebook and the founder of the "Chan-Zuckerberg initiative" for philanthropy work. It shows various strategies and tools of power. This paper is divided into two main parts: the first part studies the theoretical framework that deal with individuals in international relations theory. It begins with analyzing the individual, as presented in formal state officials and ruling elites. Afterwards, it investigates new models of individuals affecting the international arena without having any formal authority, whether they are collective or individual. The second part is concerned with private entrepreneurs in international relation and their authority, examining the case of Mark Zuckerberg, and his private authority as a global actor in a networked world. It manifests the case study ofMark Zuckerberg and his influence. The case study of Mark Zuckerberg shows that private entrepreneurs have a crucial influence on global affairs in a networked world. They seek to tackle global problems to refine societies in the direction of global change via networking power. This is due to the fact that individuals are the ones who feel threatened or safe. They are the one who perceive, perceive and act on the perception of those individuals. This paper is one of the first attempts to study the role of private entrepreneurs as actors in the international arena. It shows the case of Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook and the founder of the "Chan-Zuckerberg initiative" for philanthropy work, and his influence on global affairs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which European policies and strategies have been able to meet the challenges of energy security, and to identify the major challenges that face European energy security. The paper is based on the theoretical framework and its application of EU-Russian energy relations theory, which developed in Copenhagen school for security studies, founded by Barry Buzan. This school tried to interpret the untraditional security concept through expanding its scope of by adding new risks and dimensions than the traditional ones. The findings of the study indicate that the European Union has been able to improve its energy security status, but at a relatively lower pace, particularly, in identifying the major challenges that face European energy security. On the other side, it was found that the most prominent instruments and policies that the EU has resorted to to face these serious challenges are the EU-Russian energy relations, the European energy policy, the energy policy of the EU member states, and the EU energy strategy. The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze the EU-Russian energy relations from the perspective of European energy security. The paper also contributes to the existing literature by identifying the major challenges and confrontation strategies that the European Union has resorted to face the energy security dilemma.
The purpose of this paper is to review the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties 2011. The paper aims to analyze the role of peremptory norms (Jus Cogens) in the Commission's work. The paper is based on a review of the work of the International Law Commission's work on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties. It is clear, from the review of the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties, that the subject of peremptory norms has formed a major part of the commission's work. The inclusion of this notion in the works of the Commission on the unilateral acts reveals the stability of the notion of jus cogens in the conscience of the international community as a whole, and its expansion and penetration in all areas of international law. International judicial practice also reveals a similar approach. This is the first review of the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties on the subject of peremptory norms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of local administration and local communities in planning for development, considering the recent global changes, particularly rethinking many issues, particularly planning theories and feasibility, as well as its implications on local administration/community participation, negatives and positives. The study is based on a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire survey that was distributed to the local administration and local communities in Egypt. The questionnaire was designed to measure the level of participation of local administration in the planning process. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation and regression analysis. The results of the study indicate that the participation of local administration in planning is low, as it is less than 10 percent of the total population. In addition, it is found that there is a significant difference in the level of participation between the local administration and the local communities in the planning process. This study is the first of its kind to estimate the participation of local administration in the planning process of "Egypt vision 2030". It is also one of the first attempts to estimate local administration participation in planning in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to study the relation between the way these parties were established, their former stands concerning party establishment, their relation with their mother social movements on one hand, and their performance after reaching power on the other hand. The main research problem of this study can be formulated as follows: What are the main reasons behind the different political courses that the Freedom and Justice Party in Egypt and Al-Nahda party had followed after seizing power in their countries. This paper uses two approaches: the comparative case study approach: according to Lijnders-Collier (1993), the authors can use a small number of cases to provide a framework to generate useful data analysis and test the hypothesis of a given study (Collier, 1993). This paper will use this approach to study the areas of similarities and differences between the two cases, and how despite the same historical context in regard to party formation they showed different reactions to the opportunities and challenges on the political scene and thus ended up with two different courses. The main finding of this paper is that the two Islamist parties followed different paths in terms of their political course after seizing power in their countries. In Egypt, the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) followed the path of political pluralism, while Al-Nahda party followed the course of radicalism. In Tunisia, the party that emanated from the Muslim brotherhood followed a path of radical politics, and in this regard, it was able to maintain its image as an important actor on the Tunisian scene sharing power with other political actors there and avoiding the same fate of FJP in Egypt. This paper is one of the first attempts to study the relation between the way these parties were established, their former stands concerning party establishment, their relation with their mother social movements on one hand, and their performance after reaching power on the other hand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of private investment in Egypt during the period 1982-2015. The paper considers a variant of the neoclassical theory of investment. The present research considers a variant of the neoclassical theory of investment, namely, the average Q model. The empirical model is based on a panel data set covering the period 1982-2015. The model is estimated using the ordinary least squares method. The estimated results of the empirical model show that changes in the prices of capital goods in Egypt are significant factors that have negative impact on investment rate. The representation of impulse response in VECM shows that a one standard deviation shock to the value of the firm has a positive impact on the investment rate during the period 1982-2015. Stochastic shocks to both internal finance and external finance have slightly positive response from investment rate and a stochastic shock to investment rate has positive yet declining response from itself. This is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the determinants of private investment in Egypt using the average Q model.
The purpose of this paper is to trace the development of public administration institutions and budgetary institutions in the case of Egypt, probing the extent to which they can be read from an administrative perspective, and, the possibility of enhancing budgetary outcomes under the existing arrangements. The paper is based on an analytical framework that considers institutions from two-aspect approach: first, institutions as the rules of the game for both administrative and budgetary lines of governance; second, institution as interconnected arrangements. This association should function within the measures of outputs and outcomes of responsive governments who are committed to a set of social values that both administration and budget systems attempt to serve. As a case for comparative analysis, budgetary practices in advanced economies are elaborated as benchmark of deeply rooted systems with an aligned administrative and fiscal temperament. The paper traced their alignment at three consecutive levels, marking the consistencies of rationale and directions between two sets of institutions: administrative and budgetary. The paper traced the development of public administration institutions and budgetary institutions in the case of Egypt, probing the extent to which they can be read from an administrative perspective, and the possibility of enhancing budgetary outcomes under the existing arrangements. The paper provides an analytical framework that considers institutions from two-aspect approach: first, institutions as the rules of the game for both administrative and budgetary lines of governance, and second, the institutions as interconnected arrangements. This association should function within the measures of outputs and outcomes of responsive governments who are committed to a set of social values that bothadministrative and budget systems attempt to serve.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of state survival bureaucracy (SSB) as a concept for efficient and resilient bureaucracy which adapts to drastic change and fight for the survival of the state. SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the State. The paper is based on the analysis of the experiences of Tunisia and Egypt during and after December 2010, January 2011 and June 30, 2011, respectively. SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the state. Hence, in cases of revolutions, severe disasters, wars, tangible threats or similar dramatic phenomena, researchers, professionals and experts should look for bureaucratic agencies and bureaucrats who work diligently to protect the state from collapse. Politicians, elected or non-elected, in case of making decisions to alter state's identity or affect state's territorial integrity, agitate authentic bureaucracy to strive for the survival of the State. This is not by any means a Deep State as outlined by American professionals. Rather it is SSB in its sincere commitment, and nationalistic obligation to sustain the state and make it function in a very antagonistic environment. The authors are introducing SSB as a concept for efficient and resilient bureaucracy which adapts to drastic change and fight for the survival of the state. SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the State.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of bureaucracy in transitional periods. The purpose of the paper is twofold: first, to explore how the bureaucracy works steadily in a transitional period and second, to identify the main challenges that the bureaucracy faces during the transition period. The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of Poland, which is one of the first Eastern European countries to break the socialist rule in 1989. The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted interviews with the top-level officials of the bureaucracy. The second phase of the research was based on the analysis of the documents and documents of the relevant institutions. The primary data were collected through a questionnaire survey. Bureaucracy is considered one of those exceptional structures that do not fall with the regime. Public officials perpetuate the legacy of the former regime, and it is often impossible to depose or replace under the new constitution without specific terms. Therefore, the bureaucrats affect the achievement of the new regime's objectives through its different parts and units. Additionally, they are tasked with assisting this regime in determining the means of transformation, forming new policies and goals and performing their role to them. The bureaucrats are mainly responsible for public policies as they are the information source for government. Their crucial role intertwines with other structures in pushing or impeding the process of transformation or transition. Bureaucracy is considered one of those exceptional structures that do not fall with the regime. Public officials perpetuate the legacy of the former regime, and it is often impossible to depose or replace under the new constitution without specific terms. Therefore, the bureaucrats affect the achievement of the new regime's objectives through its different parts and units. The bureaucrats are mainly responsible for public policies as they are the information source for government. Their crucial role intertwines with other structures in pushing or impeding the process of transformation.
The purpose of this paper is to study the dynamic interactions between monetary and fiscal policies in Egypt during the period 2004/05-2015/16, assess their contribution to macroeconomic performance and craft insights of an integrated optimal policy framework for inciting economic stability. The study extends the stylized micro-founded small open economy New Keynesian dynamic stochastic general equilibrium (DSGE) model, proposed by Lubik and Schorfheide (2007), by explicitly introducing fiscal policy behavior into the model. The model is calibrated using quarterly data for Egypt on key macroeconomic variables during FY2004/2005:Q1-FY2015/2016:Q4, and Bayesian methods are used in estimation. The results reveal that the CBE attaches significant importance to inflation and output targeting while responding weakly to nominal exchange rate variations. Besides, CBE tends to adopt a counter-cyclical policy as an instrument for monetary stabilization. The analysis reveals that monetary policy decisions reflect a significant degree of interest rate smoothing, which may render CBE policy responses overtly transparent and anticipated. On the fiscal front, the results suggest a sizable level of policy inertia, indicating that past values of fiscal instruments (government spending and taxes) are influential in the future evolution of the fiscal policy making process in Egypt. The results further disclose that while fiscal policy involving government spending is pro-cyclically, it is counter- cyclical when through income taxes. This is the first study to examine the interaction between monetary and fiscal policies in Egypt within a unified framework. The results of the study provide insights into the behavior of CBE and fiscal authority on macroeconomic stability in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between innovation and economic performance in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region over the period 2000-2016. The paper uses unbalanced cross-sectional time series data that is estimated using the panel corrected standard error method using STATA 13.1. The paper uses the panel data of six MENA countries over the period 2000-2016. The model concludes that R&D expenditure is positive and statistically significant in explaining GDP with reasonable economic soundness. Specifically, a 10 per cent increase in R& D expenditure raises GDP by 4.4 per cent. In addition, human capital, labor force and fixed capital accumulation are found positive. These findings highlight the importance of innovation and education on fostering economic growth and urges MENA governments on further investment in these sectors. To the best of the author's knowledge, this paper is the first to investigate this relationship quantitatively in MENA within the endogenous-growth model framework and GERD as innovation proxy following most empirical literature.
The performance of businesses and labor market outcomes are highly affected by the level of employees' satisfaction. Job satisfaction affects productivity levels, turnover rates and labor force participation rates. Hence, job satisfaction could be used as a proxy that measures the efficiency of labor market policies. The purpose of this paper is to identify the main determinants of job satisfaction for wage workers in Egypt. Using the ELMPS 2012 survey results, an ordered logit model is estimated to analyze the determinants of job satisfaction. The determinants considered include travel time to job, working hours, medical insurance, social security, paid and sick leave, job stability and wage level. The model will control for individual and household characteristics. Moreover, the authors check if the results of the model would differ according to gender. In addition, a multinomial logit models is also estimated to check the robustness of the results. The empirical findings indicate that wages and stability are major determinants for job satisfaction for the sample of wage workers. However, the results change according to gender; the hourly wage level affects males' level of job satisfaction, while it does not affect that of females. Furthermore, the job satisfaction of females is determined more by the job characteristics rather than the monetary compensation. This paper adds to previous literature and tries to identify the main determinants of job satisfaction for wage workers in Egypt. It has been argued that job satisfaction cannot be explained only with wage and working hours, but also with other job and workplace features such as promotion, job security, social security, health insurance and interpersonal relationships.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the notion of e-commerce shifts businesses' strategies towards new era of doing businesses that focusses on advanced technology. It traces the adoption of ecommerce in small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Saudi Arabia and examines what impact this phenomenon is having on business strategy. Additionally, it attempts to identify the factors that moderate this relationship. This study uses a quantitative approach to investigate the adoption of e-commerce in SMEs in Saudi Arabia and examines what impact this phenomenon is having on business strategy. Additionally, it attempts to identify the factors that moderate this relationship. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was distributed to a sample of SMEs located in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The findings of this study indicate that e-commerce adoption has a strong relationship with business strategy and that this relationship can be affected by certain moderators. Moreover, it was found that many SMEs are willing to change their strategies to fit with dynamic changes in the business world. However, there are some challenges that face SMEs in adopting e- commerce. The findings of this research can be helpful to facilitate and motivate SMEs in Saudi Arabia and other countries to obtain sustainable growth and a thriving economy. The findings can help SMEs to grow successfully and provide policy and decision makers with needed information and knowledge.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the main factors that make the USA one of the primary targets of international/transnational terrorism. The research question is asking whether the USA is targeted by this kind of terrorism for what it is (a major global power) and what it upholds (ideals for the welfare of humanity), or what it does (the various aspects of its foreign policy and interactions with the outside world). This study uses the "American Primacy" theory which helps explain how the USA can be targeted for being the major global power, and the "anti-Americanism" theory, which explains how it can suffer from terrorist attacks as a result of the policies it adopts with the outside world. Various aspects of the American foreign policy are examined: the foreign aid dimension, the economic dimension,The military dimension, supporting fighters and finally the view that a group of policies adopted by the USA provoked the outsideworld and stood behind the attacks. The analysis shows that the USA is targeted by this kind of terrorism for what it is (a major global power) and what it upholds (ideals for the welfare of humanity), or what it does (the various aspects of its foreign policy and interactions with the outside world). This study uses the "American Primacy" theory which helps explain how the USA can be targeted for being the major globalpower, and the "anti-Americanism" theory that explains how it can suffer from terrorist attacks as a result of the policies it adopts with theoutside world. Very few studies link international/transnational terrorist attacks to the fact that the USA is the major global power and upholds some ideals. There is an obvious consistency between their vision and the "American Primacy" theory. On the other hand, this study deals with the foreign policy of the USA toward other international actors and how this is linked to terrorist attacks.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the interplay between domestic structure forces and the formulation of "sub-national" foreign policy (SFP), sometimes called the foreign policy of non-central governments/regions. The paper is structured into three main sections. First, the proposed theoretical framework is explained. Second, the dependent variable SFP is defined. Then, the third section offers an examination of the impact of domestic structure on SFP. This paper proposes a causal model, in which the degree of regional power, emanating from domestic-structure-four variables, determines the likelihood of regions becoming international actors, the possible level of their foreign activism, and the shape of their external agenda. This paper attempts to explain the impact of domestic structure on SFP. In doing so, domestic structure was broken down into four variables, including legal grounds, the level of autonomy, the pattern of intergovernmental relations, and institutionalization. Together, they can be utilized to measure the power of a region.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how expert systems (ESs) can be used to improve administrative decisions in Egypt's public sector. The paper aims to present the results of an empirical study on the use of ESs in the public sector in Egypt. An open system approach was adopted for this study. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, which was sent to the top managers of public organizations in Egypt. The responses were analyzed by means of descriptive statistics, factor analysis and correlation analysis. The results show that the majority of the respondents are familiar with the concept of ESs, but they do not know how to use them in practice. Moreover, most of them are not familiar with how ESs can be used to improve administrative decision-making in public organizations. In addition, it was found that ESs are used to make recommendations, but not to make actual decisions. This study contributes to the existing body of knowledge by displaying an overview of ESs and the different decision areas in this regard. Besides, it is of interest to academics investigating the applications of these systems in public organizations. Moreover, the paper provides a way of exploring some of the changes and challenges that maybe encountered in practice. Hopefully, it could be a modest step towards conducting future inclusive research to appraise the technical and organizational renovations adopted by the Egyptian public sector, in its quest to achieve sustainable development.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of Musharakah financing on the monetary policy in the Islamic economy, which includes three rates of return; the return rate of depositors' musharakah, bank's musharakAH and investors' mushrakah. The research was divided into six sections. As discussed below, the research investigates the significance of the contemporary Islamic Banking. Section 4 investigates the literature review of Musharakah financing. Section 5 studies the impact on investment by the return rate of Musharkah. Section 6 examines the present value and the marginal sufficiency rate of investment and the return rates of Investor's MusharakAH. Section 8 analyzes the monetary policy and the returns rate of depositors' musharakah and Bank's musharakAH and the discount rate in the Islamic economy. The use of the return rate of Musharakah is more efficient and flexible to affect the economic activity in the Islamic economy; it includes three rates of return. It has significant criteria to determine the interest rate, which is the primary monetary variable affects the economic Activity through influencing funds supply for savings, as well as borrowing for investment. They can be used to achieve the equilibrium in the money market and the real market simultaneously without lags as in the conventional economy. The Central bank can overcome this influence by changing the volume of money supply. This paper is the first attempt to study the impact of the return rate of Musharakah financing on the monetary policy in the Islamic economy, which is the most vital method to influence the economic activity.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt. The paper aims to focus on the role of resources and social constrains in women's decision-making and freedom of mobility. This study uses a multiple cause multiple indicators (MIMIC) model to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt. The study uses primary data from a cross-sectional survey conducted by the Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics (CAPMAS) in 2014/2015. The results show that women's empowerment is a multi-dimensional process featuring economic, socio-cultural, familial/interpersonal, legal, political, political and psychological dimensions. The results also reveal that the most important determinants of women's empowered status are economic resources and freedom of mobility, followed by social constraints. This is one of the first studies to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt using multiple indicators. It is also the first study to use the Multiple Indicators Multiple Causes of Indicators (MIMIC) model in the Egyptian context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt using a structural VAR approach. The study employs a structural VAR approach to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt. The study uses the panel data for the period from January 2000 to December 2013. The results show that the degree of exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt is found to be incomplete. Moreover, the findings of the study show that exchange rate shock does influence domestic price of imports. The degree of pass- through to domestic prices, however, falls within a wide range, starting from zero to complete pass-Through. The findings also show that there is no significant difference in the degree to which exchange rate shocks are transmitted to consumer and producer prices. This is the first study to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt using a structural VAR approach. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers and researchers in developing and implementing macroeconomic policies in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to add to the limited scientific body of literature related to strategic human resource management (SHRM) in the public sector, especially in developing countries, and its actual role in the retention of skilled workforce. The most important SHRM activities here that have been identified with the help of literature are recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits. This study adopted an analytical approach in its theoretical part and used an empirical study in the applied one. The empirical study was conducted at the National Bank of Egypt (NBE), as it adopted an exploratory approach in the theoretical part, and it used a questionnaire survey to collect data from the employees of the bank. The results of the study indicate that SHRM practices contribute to the retention of public employees at the NBE, as it was found that recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits are the most important SHRM activities that contribute to employee retention. This study contributes to the limited scientific body of literature related to SHRM in the public sector, especially in developing countries, and its actual role in the retention of skilled workforce. The most important SHRM activities here that have been identified with the help of literature are recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits. Eventually, the empirical study analyzes the SHRM-retention relationship at the National Bank of Egypt, and then it proposes some administrative and managerial reforms to boost the influence of SHRM strategies and programs on employee retention.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution economically, politically and socially on the Arab Spring. This paper is based on the analysis of the economic, political and social aspects of the Arab Spring in Egypt. The authors used the data from the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) and the World Bank (WB) to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution on economic, social and political aspects. After reviewing the cost of the revolution on political, social and economic life, the revolution did not achieve all its objectives, and the governments are still in the process of economic, social, political and political reforms. In Egypt, population was ten times the population in Tunisia, where the echo of the up-rise was higher, and people stayed in the streets for a longer period till the regime withdrew from the power. Citizens' demand focused on three basics, namely, bread, freedom and social justice, a dream that pushed people to stay in streets till the government fulfilled it. This paper is the first of its kind to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution economically, politically and socially on the Arab Spring.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the East Mediterranean gas as a new arena for international rivalry between Russia and USA to expand their influence over this inflammable region that is rife with disputes and conflicting interests among its parties. The repercussions of discovering the massive hydrocarbon wealth in the eastern Mediterranean basin have not been limited to the countries of the region but rather are extended to affect the major global powers of broad international expertise in the field of energy, particularly the EU countries, which suffer from a serious shortage in the energy production equation at the global level. The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a series of in-depth interviews with the experts of the energy industry in the region. The interviews were conducted in the field of energy security. The findings of the study indicate that the energy sources of the eastern Mediterranean basin have become a new arena for rivalry and conflict among the major global powers of broad international expertise in the field of energy, particularly the EU countries which suffer from a serious shortage in the energy production equation at the global level. This is also clearly manifested in the competition between Russia and USA to expand their influence over this inflammable region that is rife with disputes and conflicting interests among its parties. The study is the first of its kind that analyzes the issue of East Mediterranean gas as a new arena for international rivalry in the field of energy. The findings of the study can be used as a starting point for further research on the subject.
The purpose of this paper is to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre- and post-introduction phases of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY). The present study is an initiative to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre- and post-introduction phases of PMJDY. The study is based on the data of PSBs for the period of 2014-2015 to 2017-2018. The average OTE score during pre-introduction period of PMJDY is 0.8587 which increased to 0.9175 during post-introductions period. Average efficiency scores for the two periods also reflect the same results. The results of higher growth of efficiency of PSBs during 2014-2015 to 2017-2018 may be due to the introduction of PM JDY scheme which leads to an opening of more accounts and more amounts of deposits and disbursement of loan to more accounts holders. The present study is an initiative to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre and post introduction phases of PMJDY.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors that influence firms' recruitment of quality talent in Lagos, Nigeria. The study examines the factors influencing firms' selection of talent from the labour market. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 100 firms operating in Lagos, Nigeria. Data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling. The findings of the study revealed that firms in Lagos have different strategies for attracting and recruiting quality talent. The findings also revealed that the recruitment of quality talent is influenced by firm size, age, sector, industry and role compensation. The study also found that firm size has a significant impact on the recruitment process. This study is one of the first to explore the factors that influence firms' recruitment of quality talent in Lagos, Nigeria. The findings of this study will be useful to both academicians and practitioners in the Lagos labour market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the short- and long-run determinants of bank deposit growth in Turkey. The authors use the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) framework to decompose bank-level and macroeconomic drivers of bank deposits. The authors use the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) framework to decompose the determinants of bank deposits into short- and long-run determinants. The authors estimate the long- and short-run bank-level and macroeconomic drivers of bank deposit growth using the panel data approach. The findings establish that except for branch expansion, all the factors in the model are significant determinants of bank deposits in the long run. The results further document branch expansion and broad money supply as the only significant determinant of deposit growth in the short run. Furthermore, bank stability significantly predicts deposit growth. The authors contribute to the literature in two distinctive ways. First, the researchers are unaware of any empirical study in Turkey examining the effect of bank characteristics on deposit growth. Consequently, this study presents relatively pioneering work in this context. Second, the authors decompose the drivers of deposit into short- and long-run determinants using the autoregressive distributed lag framework.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and empirically test an investor sentiment index (ISI) from primary survey data for the Indian retail investors in regard to how market drivers impact it. The authors developed an investor sentiment index (ISI) by a direct survey approach based on internationally validated survey questions in regard to stock market drivers as hypothesized here. The authors used the principal components analysis (PCA) approach to construct the ISI from primary survey data for the Indian retail investors. The ISI was constructed by using the principal component analysis method. The authors find that Indian retail investors' sentiment is negatively affected by the IPO/issues and information certainty, trading volume and momentum and institutional investors' investment activities, on an overall basis. However, it is intriguing to report that nature of the stock markets show a conflicting result with a negative bias. Demography-based classifications provide multiple interesting results. The authors contribute to the existing literature in three ways. First, the authors attempt for the first time in an emerging market context to develop an investor sentiment index (ISI) by a direct survey approach based on internationally validated survey questions in regard to stock market drivers as hypothesized here. Study results will generalize in-depth market-specific factors in influencing Indian retail investors' investment decisions in the stock market context, which can further be used in other emerging market contexts. Secondly, in the Indian context, it is confirmed that in Indian IPO context/issues/issues and information certainty, trading volume and momentum and institutional Investors' investment activities, on an overall basis, only drive retail consumers' sentiment positively. However, the nature of the stock markets show a conflicting result with a negative bias. Lastly, earlier studies (Baker and Wurgler, 2006; Chen et al., 2010) use the principal components analysis to construct the investor sentiment indices from secondary data.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the sentiment scores and review length of consumer reviews of organic and regular food products in the context of online word-of-mouth communications. In this study, the authors collected product reviews from the online retailer Amazon website. Among the product categories, they chose experience goods, and sample reviews are collected for ghee and honey. From the organic and regular versions of the product reviews, they have computed the sentiment scores and review length for further analyses. The sentiment scores are computed from the text mining algorithms. The results show that the sentiment scores of organic products are higher than that of regular products. The review length is longer for organic products than that for regular products, and the sentiment score is higher for the organic product reviews than the regular product reviews. The length of the reviews is found to be a reflection of the elaboration likelihood state of the consumers, who think about issue-relevant information and his/her ability, motivation to elaborate the message. The study findings are in parallel with the theoretical grounding on the elaboration likelihood model (ELM). Longer reviews associated with organic products are clear reflections of elaboration likely state of consumers, who think about issue-relevant information and his/her ability, motivation to elaborate the message (Nel and Boshoff, 2019).
The purpose of this paper is to explain what really is meant by employee happiness within organisations that have high employee diversity, fast-pace of work, convoluted work and information technology infrastructural systems, particularly in the UAE. As an explanatory study, the paper makes recommendations for micro-data capturing in organisations to enable a more accurate measure of national happiness. Using a quasi-literature review, the authors have collated and explored different definitions of happiness while at the same time looking at the evidence on happiness measurement framework from a selected number of countries and research organisations. The authors discover that a number of existing models are available to the corporate world, the confusion that arises when employees and employers do not share a common definition of happiness cannot easily be eradicated through the continuous production of academic jargons and scientific research but it is recommended that employees define happiness from their own personal experience and motives stand point. This paper attempts to explain what really is meant by employee happiness within organisations that have high employee diversity, fast-pace of work, convoluted work and information technology infrastructural systems, particularly in the UAE. As an explanatory study, the paper makes recommendations for micro-data capturing in organisations to enable a more accurate measure of national happiness.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the various factors which impact the happiness of higher education academicians and to find out the ranked importance of these factors. A questionnaire was developed based on the existing literature. The questionnaire was distributed to the faculty members of public and private universities/aided colleges in India. The respondents were asked to rate the importance of various happiness factors on a five-point Likert-type scale. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 software. The results of the study clearly show that most of the academicians irrespective of their age, experience and designation ranked F7 and F2 of an institute or college as the most important happiness factors. The reason for ranking these factors as most important could be because of high family expectations along with student's expectations from their faculty. In comparison to government universities/aided colleges, private college faculties need more upgradation with the latest technological innovations; they have more work pressures, less holidays and no time barrier. This study contributes to the body of literature by applying a customized set of happiness factors on understudied but important respondents, i.e. higher education academicians. This study also obtained a happiness index using matrix and developed an equation which can be applied to find out the relationship between happiness and performance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors and their impact on service quality (SQ) in the context of departmental stores in Albaha Region, Saudi Arabia. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire from the customers of departmental stores in Albaha Region, Saudi Arabia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique. The results indicate that the reliability, problem-solving and physical aspect of departmental stores are positively influencing the SQ. The personal interaction dimension has a negative but significant impact on the SQ which means that if retailers try to have more personal interactions with the customers then they might feel uncomfortable and the SQ may diminish. Saudi customers do not personally appreciate the personal interaction with the retailers. This study is the first of its kind to use RSQS to measure the SQ in the context of departmental stores in Saudi Arabia. It is also one of the few studies that have used the factor analysis to measure SQ.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors affecting the investment decisions of the financial specialists. The organizations ought to consider the distinctive behavioral inclinations and enthusiastic knowledge of the speculators keeping in mind the end goal to give them the best venture avenues. Thus, the companies should give the best advice to their clients on the basis of the different factors affecting investment decisions. The study is based on the data collected from the financial specialists of India. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire and the data were analyzed by using the SPSS and AMOS software. The financial specialists decide their venture choices as per their behavioral predispositions and enthusiastic knowledge. The financial specialists with various enthusiastic knowledge put resources into various roads. The organizations ought to consider the distinctive behavioral inclinations and enthusiasticknowledge of the speculators keeping in mind the end goal to give them the best venture avenues. Thus, the companies should give the best advice to their clients on the basis of the different factors affecting the investment decisions. This paper is an original work of the author. It is the first of its kind in the Indian context. The study is original in the sense that the author has tried to find out the relationship between emotional intelligence and behavioral biases of the financial specialists and their investment decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an index of financial inclusion (IFI) that resolves the issue of weighting and in ultimate combat the evils of perfect substitutability between dimensions which had been in debates for long among the research community. This study primarily focuses on developing an index that can be computed uniformly for all countries or states within a geographical territory and set a platform to track the changes over time and further in drawing comparisons among them. For the sake of identifying dimensions of financial inclusion and assigning suitable weights thereto, the study uses factor analysis (FA). Finally, using non-linear aggregation of intermediate dimensional indicators the study arrives at the composite index for a study period 2013-2017 spanning over 26 countries belonging from the continent of Asia and extends further by tracking the significance of changes over the period of study for countries classified under different income groups. The study finds that India with an average IFI score of 0.395 stands 8th among the countries from the Asian continent and 2nd in terms of position among the SAARC group. But astoundingly, it is observed that even standing at the 8th position in overall ranking of overall ranking, India manages to hold the 3rd position so far as the values of CV of IFI are concerned. Further, consistent rankings are found for a number of studies with little variation because of the effect of time as well as the ground of methodological differences. This study is the first of its kind to develop a composite index of IFI for a study period 2013-2017 spanning over 26 countries belonging from the continent of Asia and further to track the significance of changes over the period of study for countries classified under different income groups.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between work environment and job satisfaction among nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria. A cross-sectional survey design was used to collect data from nurses working in government tertiary hospitals in Lagos State, Nigeria. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling (SEM). The results of the study revealed that work environment was found to be the most significant determinant of job satisfaction of nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria. The results also revealed that nurses' job satisfaction was significantly influenced by work environment, work hours and reward systems. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between work environment and job satisfaction among nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria. The findings of this study will help health-care organisations to improve the work environment of nurses in the Nigerian health care industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors that lead to the participation of women in self-help groups (SHGs) and also examine the importance of participation in SHGs with regard to female empowerment in India. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the respondents who were members or non-members of SHGs. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study indicate that the participation of women in SHGs has a positive and significant impact on their social and economic empowerment. The study also found that the distance from the market has a negative impact on the women's participation in SHG. However, the number of dependents of the women in the SHGs does not have any significant impact. The results also indicated that participation in a SHG has a significant positive impact on female empowerment. This study is the first of its kind to analyze the factors that lead to the participation of women in SHGs in India and also examines the importance of participation in SHG with regard to female empowerment. The findings from the extant literature cannot be generalized to the poorer regions of emerging economies.
The purpose of this paper is to find out which banks have contributed to the growing menace of non-performing assets (NPAs) and what has been the trend in the banking industry with regard to these poor quality loans in the Indian banking industry. The study is based on the data available with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the period of 2011-2018. The data are analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. The analysis is done on the basis of the growth rate in the NPA level of the banks. The overall findings point to a worrisome situation for the banking sector as a whole. An analysis of the growth rate in the NPA level shows that the problem is evident not only with small-sized banks but also with big names in the banking space. Hence, the entire sector is gripped in the crisis. The poor asset for banks is a problem because as per the guidelines, given by the RBI, banks are required to keep some amount as provision depending on their asset quality, thereby leading to declining profitability of the banks. Thus, it impacts not only the profitability level of these banks but it also affects the shareholders' wealth. This paper is the first of its kind in the Indian banking industry. It will be of value to the readers who are interested in the issue of NPA in the banking sector. The findings of the paper will help the readers to understand the current situation of the banking industry with regard to NPA.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the ethical dilemma of an employee of Xenic Insurance Company Limited, one of the largest mutli-line general insurer of India. The paper is based on a case study of an employee of Xenic Insurance Company Limited. The author has used the case study method to illustrate the ethical dilemma faced by the employee. Mohan Sharma was a happy young man. As a recent graduate of a prestigious insurance school, he joined claim department of Xenic Insurance Company Limited. His area of interest was health insurance, and he aspired to use all his learning of insurance analytics and actuarial science in developing an exhaustive but affordable health insurance product to serve bottom of pyramid. One of his projects titled "Health insurance products in sachet" won the first prize in business plan competition organized by the Finance Ministry of India. He got special appreciation by the chief guest of the function for his societal concern and insurance acumenship. His research article titled "Exploring the linkage between health insurance and poverty" also won accolades from industry experts. His academic brilliance and bright future prospects brought him job offers from leading private insurance players of the market. But he politely denied the offers and joined Xenic insurance, a public sector company to pursue his dream of serving the downtrodden through his association with the government organization. The paper is a unique case study of an insurance company in India. It is unique in that it describes a case of an employee's ethical dilemma in the insurance industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify different factors, which can affect the contextual and task performance of hotel employees in this hilly state of Himachal Pradesh. Data were collected from the employees of hotels in the state of Himachal Pradesh using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study indicate that demographic variables such as age, gender, marital status, education and tenure have a positive and significant effect on contextual and task performance of hotel employees. Organizational variables, such as tenure, job security, job autonomy and job autonomy, have a significant and positive effect on task performance. However, no significant effect of organizational variables on contextual performance was found. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of demographic and organizational variables on contextual and task performance of hotel employees in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.
The purpose of this paper is to assess gender differences in the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities (PWDs) in India. The purpose of the study is to examine the impact of gender on the efficiency of disabled businesses. The study is based on primary data collected through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, logistic regression and logit regression. The results of the study reveal that there are significant gender differences in the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities (PWDs). Female disabled outsmart their male counterparts in terms of operational efficiency while male disabled outperform their female counterparts. This study is the first of its kind to examine the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities in India. The findings of this study will be useful for the government and policy makers to take appropriate measures for the rehabilitation of PWDs.
Higher education institutions (HEIs) are increasingly concerned with students' satisfaction with the education program. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the associations between learning environment factors and student satisfaction among occupational therapy students. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 occupational therapy students at a Norwegian university. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results showed that the learning environment factors were significantly related to student satisfaction. The most important factors were the quality of teaching and feedback, while the least important were time spent on self-studying. The students were most satisfied with the ability of the education programs to inspire, and least satisfied with feedback, supervision and opportunities for participation. This is the first study to examine the associations between learning environment factors and student satisfaction among occupational therapy students. The study contributes to the body of knowledge on student satisfaction in higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance of persons with acquired brain injury (ABI) in rehabilitation. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a self-report questionnaire was used to measure impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance. The second phase consisted of a questionnaire survey to assess the use of cognitive strategy in the occupational performance of individuals with acquired brain injury (ABI). The questionnaire was distributed to individuals with ABI in a Dutch rehabilitation hospital. The results showed that impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use were significantly related to occupational performance. The results also showed that the cognitive strategy used by individuals with ABI was positively related to the level of impaired awareness. This is one of the first studies to investigate the relationship between impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance of persons with ABI.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the everyday occupational experiences of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+) adults living in Ireland, using an occupational justice lens. The paper aims to explore how lesbian and gay adults experience occupational justice in their everyday lives. A qualitative research design was used in this study. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with eight lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+) adults living in Ireland. Data were analysed using a participatory occupational justice lens. It was found that occupational justice is experienced as a complex, contextually embedded and dynamic process that is specific to each individual. There is a disparity between the social culture and the progressive LG laws that exist in this country, and finally, despite this disparity, there is a thriving minority LG community where individuals are creating a groundswell to pave the way for a brighter future. This study contributes to the understanding of the everyday occupational experiences of lesbian and gay adults in Ireland. It is hoped that this research, in some small part, contributes to research in this area and raises awareness to continue the dialogue of the potential for occupational injustice within this minority population.
The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' experiences in generalist, specialist and generic positions in Norwegian municipalities. The municipalities are the employment agencies for over half of Norway's 4,855 used occupational therapists, and there is great variation in public access to occupational therapists used by municipalities. This study is based on a qualitative study of occupational therapists working in municipalities in Norway. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with occupational therapists in the municipality health-care teams. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using thematic analysis. The occupational therapists in the municipalities were classified as generalist, specialist or generic. The generalist role for occupational therapists was described as working throughout peoples' life spans within a wide range of client populations to provide many types of interventions. The specialist role is described as one who specializes in a specific impairment group, and one who conducts interventions that cannot be delivered by all the team members. The generic role is defined as interventions that any professional who has been suitably trained within a municipality health-care team can carry out. The occupational therapists' professional identity was found to be influenced by the occupational therapy client group and the type of interventions they carried out. This is the first study to explore occupational therapy practitioners' experiences of working in generalist, specialist and generic positions in Norwegian municipalities. The study contributes to the literature on occupational therapists' professional identity and the challenges they face in the municipality setting.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations of sensory processing patterns (SPPs) with age, sex, education and ethnicity in healthy adults. The Adolescent/Adult Sensory Profile (AASP) was administered to 71 healthy adults aged 11 years and over. Participants completed the AASP and the Diagnostic and Statistical Analysis of Variance in Sensory Processing (DASS) questionnaire. The associations of SPPs with age, sex, education and ethnicity were examined. SPPs were significantly associated with age, sex, education and ethnicity in the study population. Age was confounded with education, and the sample size precluded sufficient power for some types of multivariate analyses that could have assisted in resolving this confound. However, it was noted that the associations between education and SPP were not in the same domains as those associated with Age, suggesting that confounding could not completely explain the results. This study offers valuable insights into relationships between sensory processing styles and demographic factors and calls for further research in this area. Increased understanding of how to interpret individuals' SPPs is necessary for intervention planning when addressing what an individual wants to, needs to do or is expected to do.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland. An electronic survey was used to collect data from occupational therapists working with older adults in Ireland. An electronic survey instrument was distributed to all occupational therapists in Ireland, resulting in a response rate of 20 per cent. The questionnaire consisted of a series of open-ended questions relating to the use of evidence-based falls prevention programmes. The study found that there is infrequent use of these internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland. Furthermore, setting-specific barriers experienced by occupational therapy professionals within the Irish health-care system may hinder the feasibility of using these programmes within different contexts. This is the first study to explore the use of internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland. The findings of this study suggest that there is a need to further contextualise and develop programmes which are appropriate to the needs of clients and within the parameters of the Irish health-care system.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the evidence for and the extent to which sensory-based interventions are being practiced in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The research questions for this study include: What sensory interventions are currently being used to address the unique needs of adult and adolescence trauma survivors? What is the evidence base for the use of sensory approaches with adult trauma survivors and in the treatment of children? An integrative review of the occupational therapy literature was conducted to determine the extent to which sensory-based interventions are being practiced in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The review was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a systematic search was conducted for articles published in peer-reviewed journals in the field of occupational therapy. The second phase of the review involved a content analysis of the selected articles to identify and categorise the sensory interventions that were used in these studies. The review revealed that there is limited evidence for the use of sensory-based interventions in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA and the majority of these were conducted with children with complex trauma histories. There is a lack of evidence for sensory- based interventions in the treatment of adult trauma survivors, and there is a paucity of research in the field of occupational therapy for adult survivors of trauma. This is the first integrative review of sensory-based interventions in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The findings of this study will be of value to researchers and practitioners in the field of occupational therapy, as well as those working in the area of trauma treatment.
Intra-articular fracture dislocations of the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint of the hand have a complex presentation affecting the bone, cartilage, ligaments and possibly tendon insertions around the PIP joint. They typically occur because of axial loading to the tip of the finger with force being applied to the base of the middle phalanx. Early motion can be facilitated by timely referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy. The purpose of this paper is to describe the methods of treatment being used by trauma surgeons in the health service executive (HSE) in the management of intra-articulated fractures of the P IP joint. It also sought to investigate the timing of referral to therapy and therapists' views on current practice. In total, 60 patients were referred for treatment of intra-articular fractures of the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint in the health service in Ireland. The methods of treatment were described by the surgeons and physiotherapists. The timing of referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy was also investigated. The majority of patients received open reduction with internal fixation (ORIF) for the management of intra-articular fractures of the PIP joint. The most common method of treatment was the use of K-wire fixation, followed by operative or conservative treatment (n = 14). There were no significant differences in patient ratings of pain level, function and satisfaction between the two treatment groups. The timing of referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy was found to be consistent with current practice in Ireland, with patients being referred in the early stages of the fracture. This study provides the first description of the management of intra-articular fractures of the PIP joint across the Irish health service. It also provides an understanding of the timing of referral and therapists' views on current practice relating to early motion.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the development of occupational therapy in Grangegorman Mental Hospital and its auxiliary hospital, Portrane Mental Hospital, Dublin, in the period 1934-1954. This study draws on archival data from Grangegorman Mental Hospital and its auxiliary hospital, Portrane Mental Hospital, Dublin. It uses archival records and archival research to explore the development of occupational therapy in these hospitals from 1934 to 1954. The study finds that occupational therapy was introduced in Grangegorman Mental Hospital in 1934 and Portrane Mental Hospital during the 1950s. It was introduced as a means of improving the quality of life of patients and improving patient satisfaction. Occupational therapy was implemented in both hospitals using a combination of methods, including the use of physical activity, physical activity and handcraft activities. The development of occupational therapy in the two hospitals was influenced by a number of factors, including political and economic factors. This is the first study to explore the development of occupational therapy in a mental hospital in Ireland during the 1930s and 1950s. It provides an insight into how occupational therapy was developed in an Irish mental hospital during a period of relative political stability and economic hardship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolving role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England by identifying the characteristics of the role of an occupational therapist in the critical care unit. A mixed methods design was used to explore the role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten occupational therapists (n=5) and two occupational therapists from a multi-disciplinary team (n =3) in a critical care unit. Data were analysed using thematic analysis. The findings indicate that the role of an occupational therapist in adult critical care in England is evolving. The occupational therapy role is defined as "a client-centred profession concerned with promoting health and well-being through occupation", with the primary goal of enabling individuals to participate in activities of daily living. Occupational therapy is a relatively new and evolving profession, having established its roots as a profession in the early 1900s (Friedland, 2003). Occupational therapists' role in critical care is described as "interactive" and "interpersonal", with a focus on the patient's functional ability to inform short-term and long-term rehabilitation goals. There is a lack of understanding of the occupational therapist role by the multidisciplinary team, which impacts on service delivery. This is the first study to explore the evolving role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England using role theory. The findings highlight the importance of understanding the role of the occupational therapy role in the recovery pathway for survivors of critical illness.
Discharge planning is a complex and challenging process for health-care professionals, patients, and carers. Occupational therapists play an integral role in the discharge planning process and determining whether a patient can safely return to their home environment. The purpose of this paper is to explore the clinical practice of discharge planning home visits (DPHV) within an Irish context and investigate nationwide practice and nationwide perspectives. An exploratory study was conducted using a mixed-methods approach. Data were collected from a national survey of occupational therapists in Ireland (n=9) and a national online survey of the occupational therapy (OT) profession in the USA and the UK. The survey was sent to all occupational therapists working in Ireland. DPHV appear to be highly valued and are completed routinely. They are time consuming, resource intensive and have potential risks factors. There appears to be a consensus on some areas of clinical practice during visits; however, this requires further investigation and standardisation. There is a clear need to streamline and justify clinical practice on DPHV within an Irish context. This study is the first of its kind in Ireland to investigate the clinical practice of DPHV within an Irish context. It provides an insight into the current state of practice within OT practice in Ireland and provides a basis for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of a two-pronged vocational intervention for people with first episode psychosis (FEP) by determining what effect, if any, introducing a twofold vocational intervention to an early intervention for psychosis service (EIPS) has on vocational outcomes using a follow-up design. A prospective follow-up study was conducted using a cross-sectional design. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those who were not in paid employment or education and those who received an early intervention for psychosis service (EIPS) job retention programme. The outcomes investigated were engagement with the interventions and work outcomes following receipt of the appropriate intervention. Engagement with the two-pronged intervention was significantly higher among those who received the job retention programme compared to those who did not. Engagement was also significantly higher for those who were in paid employment or who were offered the intervention. There was no significant difference in engagement between the two intervention groups with respect to age, gender, education or employment status. Those with a first episode of psychosis were found to be more likely to be engaged with the interventions. This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of introducing a two-pronged vocational intervention to an early intervention for psychosis service using a prospective follow-up design.
The purpose of this paper is to explore attitudes held by three stakeholder groups involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of assistive technology (AT) to facilitate self-management of their condition. A qualitative research design was used to explore attitudes held by three stakeholder groups (service users, relatives and health-care professionals) involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of AT to facilitate self-management. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions. Service users, relatives and health-care professionals had positive attitudes towards the use of AT to facilitate self-management of an individual living with schizophrenia. AT was viewed by the participants as a tool that can facilitate "Recovery" by promoting choice in, and control over, an individually tailored tool that promotes self- management. This paper highlights attitudes held by three stakeholder groups involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of AT to facilitate self-management. It highlights that there is a positive environment for AT to develop within mental health-care services as it continues to progress. AT was viewed by the participants as a tool that can facilitate "Recovery" by promoting choice in, and control over, an individually tailored tool that promotes self- management.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of sensory processing training on the competence, confidence and practice of teachers working with children with autism in the classroom. The study was qualitative in nature and relied on participants' verbal descriptions of their experiences of the training. It focussed on environmental components of sensory functioning within the classroom and did not consider other aspects such as use of sensory strategies. Themes which emerged were that environmental modifications were essential to promote participation for the child with autism in the classroom. The results of the study revealed that the majority of teachers were satisfied with the quality of the training and felt that it had a positive impact on their competence, confidence and practice in teaching children with autism. However, there was a lack of confidence in relation to the use of sensory interventions in the classroom. The majority of the teachers reported that they did not use sensory interventions as part of their teaching practice. There were no significant differences in the perception of the impact of the sensory processing training on teachers' confidence in their ability to educate students with autism in the school environment. This is the first study to examine the impact of sensory processing training on the competence, confidence and practice of teachers working with children with autism in the classroom.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the predictors of academic honesty and success in domestic and international occupational therapy students and to compare the impact of these predictors on academic success in the health professions. Data were collected from a random sample of 1,000 international and domestic occupational therapy students at a large Australian university. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results indicate that students' academic integrity was positively related to their academic success and that these relationships were stronger for international students than for domestic students. The results also suggest that students with higher levels of self-reported academic integrity were more likely to be successful in their post-graduate studies. This is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between academic honesty and academic success in occupational therapy students from a cross-cultural perspective. It is also the first study to examine this relationship in the context of international students in the health professions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore parents' perspectives of their children attending hippotherapy intervention and the impact on their children's participation in their home-based occupations following the intervention. Hippotherapy is an emerging area of practice in paediatric occupational therapy in Ireland. A qualitative approach was adopted for this study. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 20 parents of children who had attended hippotherapy. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data. The findings are positive, in that they indicate that there was an improvement in the participation of children in home-based occupations following the hippotherapy intervention. However, there was a lack of knowledge on what hippotherapy actually is, and that it is an emerging area of practice in paediatric occupational therapy in Ireland. This is the first study to explore parents' perspectives of their children attending hippotherapy intervention and the impact on their children's participation in home-based occupations following the intervention. The findings are positive, in that they indicate that there was an improvement in the participation of children in their home-related occupations following hippotherapy. However, it may not be surprising that there is a lack of knowledge on what hippotherapy actually is by participants.
The purpose of this paper is to ascertain whether patients in an acute regional hospital with a mini mental state examination (MMSE) score of 23 or better can effectively remember to use prescribed and demonstrated assistive devices (ADs) and if patients with an MMSE score of less than 23 are unable to effectively use the devices. The study was carried out in an acute regional hospital in Ireland using a self-report questionnaire and a mini mental state examination (MMSE) to assess the ability of patients to remember how to use prescribed and demonstrated assistive devices. Patients with a MMSE score of 23 or better were found to be more likely to be able to remember how to use ADs and those with a score of less than 23 were unable to effectively use the devices. There was a significant correlation between cognition and the ability to remember to use devices. The research and assessment tool is a new and unique way of looking at the provision of AD, particularly when cognitive impairment is a factor. Although results and correlations are significant, this only really highlights the need for much larger research to follow.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the assessment of need (AON) is being completed by paediatric occupational therapists across Ireland and to highlight any discrepancies or concerns raised by occupational therapists working in paediatrics. The PAG completed a survey with occupational therapists working in Ireland to gather feedback about current practice. The survey aimed to highlight how the AON is being completed by occupational therapists nationally and to highlight any discrepancies or concerns raised by occupational therapist working in paediatrics. The survey highlighted various disparities in relation to the amount of time spent on assessments, the format in which they were completed, whether a diagnosis was given or not, the length of assessment reports and the impact on occupational therapy interventions. The results also suggest the need for improved training and frequency of reviews and raised concerns about the increasing age criteria with no increasing resources and provided some suggestions for improvements for the future. The results of this survey highlight that the AON process negatively impacts on the occupational therapists' ability to complete interventions with children due to lack of resources and occupational therapists highlighted concerns about the inequity of highlighting needs but not meeting them. This raises larger questions about the practice of occupational therapists providing diagnosis as part of paediatric occupational therapy practice.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between visual perception, as measured by the Test of Visual Perceptual Skills (TVPS)3 (prior to the publication of the TVPS-4), and functional abilities, as analysed through visual behaviour analysis, to explore whether there is a potential link between underlying performance components and areas of occupational performance among children of age 7 to 12 years. A cross-sectional study was conducted among children of age 7 to 12 years. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and visual behaviour analysis. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to explore the potential link between underlying performance components and areas of occupational performance. The results of this study indicate that there is a weak, if any, meaningful relationship between the overall results of the TVPS and difficulties in functional daily living skills. There is also a lack of evidence to support that seven discrete areas of visual perception relate to functional difficulties, and results remain inconclusive on the contribution of the subtests in analysing actual functional visual perceptual difficulties. A lack of consistency between assessment tools used and theory and practice models referred to in occupational therapy is therefore worthy of note. This is the first study to explore the relationship between visual perceptual testing and functional visual skill difficulties in school-aged children using the TVPS-4.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current practice of assessing fitness to drive after stroke among occupational therapists in Ireland. The purpose of the survey was to determine the level of current practice in this area of practice. A survey was conducted among occupational therapists in Ireland. The questionnaire was sent to all occupational therapists working in the Republic of Ireland. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to occupational therapists. The majority of the occupational therapists surveyed reported that they were not currently performing any assessment of fitness to drive after stroke. The majority of occupational therapists reported that there was no current practice of assessing driving fitness after stroke, with the majority of respondents reporting that they did not know of any occupational therapy practice that assessed driving fitness post stroke. There was a high level of agreement on the need for occupational therapists to provide information and advice about driving and transport options post stroke, but there was a lack of consensus on how these should be delivered. This is the first survey of its kind to investigate current practice among occupational therapists in Ireland with regard to the assessment of fitness to drive after stroke. The findings of this study will be of interest to occupational therapists and those involved in stroke rehabilitation.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and its implications and opportunities for occupational therapy in Ireland, and to identify training and resource needs for professionals involved in capacity assessment. The authors conducted a literature review of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and reviewed the relevant legislation and occupational therapy practice in Ireland. The authors conducted semi-structured interviews with occupational therapists in Ireland to explore professional issues and to identify training and resource needs. Occupational therapy needs to be part of the discussion around the Act, not only to prove the profession's worth in an evolving system, but also for the benefit of its clients. Occupational therapy has an opportunity to contribute greatly in this area. This paper provides an overview of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and its implications for occupational therapy practice in Ireland. Occupational therapy needs to be part of the discussion around the Act, not only to prove the profession's worth in an evolving system, but also for the benefit of its clients.
Geriatric evaluation and management (GEM) is a type of sub-acute care that focuses mainly on patients' functional abilities and goals and caters for patients who have prolonged or multiple conditions associated with ageing, cognitive impairment, functional decline, chronic illness or disability. The purpose of this paper is to investigate if the performance of older adults admitted to an inpatient GEM hospital unit on the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) were associated or predictive of their functional performance. This study used a cross-sectional design. The study population consisted of patients admitted to an in-patient GEM unit of a large tertiary health care facility in Victoria, Australia, over a period of three months. The participants were aged 60 years and above, and they completed the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) at the beginning and end of the study period. The results revealed that the MMSE and MoCA scores were significantly and positively related to the FIM scores of the older adults admitted to the GEM unit. The results also revealed that there was a significant positive association between the scores on the MoCA and FIM. However, there was no significant relationship between the score on the MM SE and the F IM. This is the first study to explore the association between older adults' functional performance and their scores on the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA).
The purpose of this paper is to determine whether wrist orthoses produced compensatory movements of the elbow in addition to the shoulder when performing drinking and hammering tasks. Participants completed drinking and hammering tasks while wearing a wrist orthosis and a no orthosis condition. The elbow and shoulder movements were measured using a twin-axis electrogoniometer and electromyography. Wrist orthoses did not produce changes in elbow motion compared to no orthosis condition during drinking and hammering tasks. However, wrist orthoses produced changes in shoulder and elbow movements during hammering and drinking tasks, but no changes were found in elbow movement. Wrist orthoses are often provided by occupational therapists to decrease pain, support weak muscles and joints and protect tissues during healing. The combined effects of wrist orthosis use on both the shoulder and the elbow is important to understand, as compensatory movements may lead to cumulative strain and fatigue. This study provides some flexibility in designing any type of upper extremity orthosis.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the development of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's University Hospital, Dublin, from 1935 to 1969. This paper is based on a case study of the development of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's University Hospital, Dublin, from 1935 to 1969. Data were collected from archival sources and interviews with key staff members, including occupational therapists, psychiatrists, nurses and social workers. The era discussed in this paper, 1935-1969, was a time of significant change in mental health services and in occupational therapy. A number of cultural and professional factors have been identified which precluded occupational therapists from challenging institutional culture; the role of occupational therapy in sustaining or challenging institutional Culture warrants further research. This paper provides an insight into the therapeutic goals and the role of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's Hospital from 1935 to 1969 and situates the development there in a broader international context. A number of cultural and professional factors have been identified which precluded occupational therapists from challenging institutional culture.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teachers' perspectives on handwriting difficulties experienced by children with Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in relation to pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept and to explore the nature of teacher and occupational therapy collaboration to address these difficulties. A qualitative approach was used to explore teachers' perspectives on handwriting difficulties experienced by children with ASD in relation to pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers and occupational therapists. Findings highlight the potential value of collaboration between teachers of children with ASD and occupational therapists that includes education provision by occupational therapists as part of everyday practice. The findings reinforce the suggestions of previous authors of the potential benefit of pre-service and continuing professional education at university level to provide teachers with an in-depth understanding of motor learning. Overall, teachers identified pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept as difficulties experienced by children with autism in relation to handwriting. Findings highlight the potential value of collaboration between teachers of children with ASD and occupational therapists that includes education provision by occupational therapists as part of everyday practice. The findings reinforce the suggestions of previous authors of the potential benefit of pre-service and continuing professional education at university level to provide teachers with an in-depth understanding of motor learning. Overall findings inform service delivery models for practice in this area.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the current place of play and play occupation in Irish paediatric occupational therapy practice. A national survey of Irish paediatric occupational therapy practitioners was conducted in 2017. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to all occupational therapists working with children of age three to seven years in Ireland. The findings of this study depict that there is minimal evidence of the place of play as an occupation in Irish paediatric occupational therapy practice. Play was primarily used as a modality to achieve a desired performance or behavioural outcome. There was no evidence of a focus on play as a legitimate occupation in practice. This is the first known study to examine the current place of play and play occupation in occupational therapy practice in an Irish context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how time-use and human occupation were influenced by perfectionism for a class of junior Occupational Science students. This study used a cross-sectional survey design to examine the relationship between perfectionism and human occupation and time-use in a sample of junior Occupational Science students. Students were randomly assigned to one of two groups: perfectionists or non-perfectionists. More students were identified as perfectionists than non-perfectionists within the study sample. Perfectionists spent a similar amount of time engaged in productive, pleasurable and restorative occupations compared to students who were not perfectionists. Similarly, no significant differences were found between adaptive and maladaptive perfectionists in time-use. Students who were perfectionists expressed both positive and negative health consequences related to their perfectionism. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between perfectionism and time-use in occupational science students and occupational therapy. The findings of this study are of interest to occupational scientists and occupational therapists as the implications for these students moving forward directly relates to their health and future success in the Occupational Therapy profession.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the practices and roles of Irish occupational therapists' with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland. The purpose of the study is to identify the role of occupational therapists in relation to supported employment in Ireland, and to determine the extent to which occupational therapists are involved in the provision of supported employment to adults with an intellectual disability. This paper is based on a qualitative study of occupational therapists' practices and roles with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with occupational therapists from the Irish Association for Supported Employment (IASE) in Dublin, Cork and Limerick. The findings of this study indicate that occupational therapists' practices and roles with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland are similar to those of other occupational therapists in the USA and the UK. The majority of occupational therapists reported that they provide support to adults with an intellectual disability who are in supported employment. Occupational therapists' reported that their practice is similar to other occupational therapy professionals in the UK and the USA. However, there is a difference in the way in which the occupational therapists from the two countries described their practice. This paper provides an insight into the practices and roles of occupational therapists' with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the developing debate on recovery-oriented practices in the inpatient environment by suggesting that the employment of peer workers is both a positive step towards creating recovery-orientated inpatient services in mental healthcare on inpatient psychiatric units and presents an opportunity for the profession of Occupational Therapy to help facilitate culture change in establishing peer workers as a mainstay of inpatient care. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the employment of peer workers in inpatient psychiatric units in Australia and Ireland. While there have been considerable advances made in inpatient psychiatric care, it is recognised that it remains a challenging environment in which to introduce recovery-oriented practice. However, peer workers are an essential component of comprehensive mental healthcare. Recovery-oriented practices are about evolving a culture of values and principles that support environments and behaviours where service users feel a sense of control, choice and hope in their future. While occupational therapists have been actively engaged in research on and with peer workers, there is minimal published literature addressing how the peer workforce and Occupational Therapy can work in collaboration in the clinical setting to achieve better mental health care. This article seeks to encourage occupational therapists to be active advocates in research and clinical practice for the development of a strong peer workforce working in collaboration with occupational therapists.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the experiences of men with psychosis participating in a community-based football programme in an Occupational Therapy service. - A qualitative study was conducted using semi-structured interviews with ten men with psychosis who had participated in the football programme. - The findings highlighted the value and meaning of participation in football for men with psychosis, as well as demonstrating the longer-term feasibility of football as a therapeutic medium in Occupational Therapy mental health service provision. This study has highlighted the value and meaning of participation in football for men with psychosis, as well as demonstrating the longer-term feasibility of football as a therapeutic medium in Occupational Therapy mental health service provision. These findings may help to promote the routine use of football and sports interventions to other mental health services.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the educational methods that were most effective in terms of delivering hand hygiene information to undergraduate occupational therapy students. The aim of the study was to inform improvement of teaching practices and, thus, positively influence students hand hygiene knowledge and skills. A questionnaire was developed and distributed to undergraduate occupational therapy students at a university in the UK. The questionnaire was distributed to students at the beginning of the course and at the end of their placement. A total of 100 questionnaires were distributed to the students. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis. The findings indicate that the introduction of hand hygiene educational methods into the curriculum enhanced students' knowledge and also impacted on their perceived hand hygiene behaviour and practices. Practical education (using ultra-violet light hand hygiene inspection cabinet) and role modelling (from the therapist and others on site) influenced student behaviour more than other educational approaches. This study highlights that students may be influenced by different methods of hand hygiene education at different stages in their course and that while on placement the therapist may be an important influencing factor in the earlier years of occupational therapy education.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the implementation of the Operation Transformation Programme in Offaly, Ireland, which was part of the Health Services Executive (HSE) National Office for Suicide Prevention's #Littlethings mental health and well-being campaign in October 2014. The campaign aims to highlight that we will all experience challenges in our lives, and when we do, there are some simple, evidence-based steps we can take that can make a big difference to how we feel. The challenge as Occupational Therapists working in the area of mental health is how best to incorporate the messages of the national campaign at a local level. This paper is a case study of an eight-week exercise-based programme in Offaly, Ireland, which aimed to improve the mood and well-being of participants with a mental health condition. The programme involved the use of the Operation Transformation Programme (OTP) by the Occupational Therapists of the MOHO. The OTP is a multi-disciplinary approach to mental health and wellbeing that aims to promote physical activity as a meaningful occupational occupation. Quantitatively, the total weight loss was nine stone ten and a half pounds. All participants were asked to complete an evaluation form at the end of the eight weeks, and a focus group was organised to brainstorm potential future exercise-based groups that could be facilitated by Occupational Therapy. Feedback included participants feeling brighter, having more energy, feeling motivated and sleeping better, echoing the finding of Alexandos et al. that exercise can contribute to improvements in mood. This paper provides a unique opportunity for Occupational Therapists working in the area of mental health to incorporate the messages of the #Littlethings mental health and wellbeing campaign at a local level, which was an expectation of the HSE National Health Service Plan 2015.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of major trends in the use of occupation as therapy in Ireland in the first 100 years of the profession of occupational therapy. An overview of three major transitions in the history of occupational therapy in Ireland is presented: from moral treatment to medical patronage, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists. Three major trends in the use of occupation as therapy in Ireland were identified: from moral treatment to medical patronage of occupational therapy, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists. This paper provides an overview of three major transitions in the history of occupational therapy in Ireland: from moral treatment to medical patronage, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a better understanding of how context informs the choices made by adolescents. Adopting an occupational justice perspective, the current study explored how gender informs the occupational choices of adolescents in rural Ireland. Thematic analysis was used to explore how gender informs the occupational choices of adolescents in rural Ireland. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions. Thematic analysis highlighted the complexity of choice. Thematic analysis highlighted the complexity of choice. The observations of the local habitus and context informs the expectations we hold for ourselves and other. This in turn informs choice. While opportunities are available, adolescents are orientated towards particular occupations based on these expectations. In this way, the locus of choice falls largely in the constraints of the environment, rather than the individual. This can restrict us from engaging in occupations that we consider meaningful. This study contributes to the understanding of how gender influences the choices made by adolescents in relation to occupational choice. It provides occupational therapists with further insights into how they can promote participation in occupations that adolescents consider meaningful, but inaccessible.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effect of a structured group-based equine-assisted therapy (EAT) programme among children who may be experiencing occupational dysfunction. The EAT programme was created from a blend of therapy associated with the use of horses as well as specific knowledge and skills unique to occupational therapy. Using the movement of the horse to target motor skills and sensory processing linked with much of the research in relation to hippotherapy. Comparable to therapeutic riding, some basic riding exercises and pony games were drawn on to target attention, gross and fine motor skills. Personal development and responsibility were explored by using suitable horse care activities which linked to theories related to equine-assisted learning. Children's and parents' reports suggest interaction skills and volition may also be impacted. Overall, EAT was viewed positively by all participants. The areas explored in this study marry with many of occupational therapy values and beliefs. This is an emerging area of practice in Ireland that could offer effective, transferable and long-lasting benefits using horse-related occupations to enhance an individual's everyday functioning. The areas explored in this study marry with many of occupational therapy values and beliefs.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' and occupational therapy students' views regarding role-emerging placements in the Republic of Ireland. - Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten occupational therapists and ten occupational therapy students at the University of Limerick. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data. - The research highlighted that occupational therapists and occupational therapy students' views encompass both gains and apprehensions regarding role-emerging placements. There are undoubtedly concerns surrounding the topic and it is important that these views are raised and addressed in a professional forum to facilitate more understanding surrounding this topic. Change is occurring within health care and such change requires a focus on preparing occupational therapists for diverse practice to reach a wider community. - This research highlights that occupational therapists and occupational therapy students' views encompass both gains and apprehensions regarding role-emerging placements. There are undoubtedly concerns surrounding the topic and it is important that these views are raised and addressed in a professional forum to facilitate more understanding surrounding this topic.
The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' perceptions about their role within mental health, vocational rehabilitation, individual placement and support (IPS) in the area of supported employment. A qualitative research design was used. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with occupational therapists working in mental health occupational therapy and supported employment. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data. People with a mental illness who were supported in supported employment were more likely to have a positive experience of occupational therapy than those who were not supported. Occupational therapists were able to provide a range of services to people with mental illness, including job matching, environmental supports, skill development and on-the-job training. However, there was a need for occupational therapists to be more aware of the barriers to employment that people with Mental Health Occupational Therapies present. This paper contributes to the understanding of the role that occupational therapists can play in supporting people with a mental illness in finding employment.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations. This paper presents an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations. This exercise provides students with the skills to distinguish relationships within organizations and use an organization's network to support career mobility, career mobility and workplace effectivity. This puzzle exercise is suitable for undergraduate and graduate students studying organizational behavior, organizational decision-making and leadership behavior, and students with internship and/or work experience. This paper provides an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration, and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations. This puzzle exercise is suitable for undergraduate and graduate students studying organizational behavior, organizational decision-making and leadership.
The purpose of this paper is to acquire distinctive and disparate perspectives from virtual team (VTs) leaders on the strategies that support the performance of VTs, particularly related to building high levels of trust and managing conflict, and the need for organizational support. Qualitative interviews were conducted with ten VT managers and six team leaders from a variety of organizations. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data. The findings indicate that VT managers use a variety of strategies to build trust between team members and the leader and to resolve conflict at the individual and team levels. Trust and conflict are two of the most fundamental predictors of overall VT performance. The findings also suggest that VT leaders need support from their organizations to build high levels of trust and effectively resolve conflict. This study is one of the first to provide insights from practitioners on the strategies that VT managers use to drive performance of their VTs, particularly related to building high levels of trust and managing conflict. It also provides insights from VT managers on the need for organizational support to build trust and effective conflict resolution.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a common experience through which students can understand theories of work motivation. Specifically, the authors use an in-class basketball exercise that provides a common context for students to reference in applying equity and expectancy theories. This experiential exercise uses an in-class basketball game to teach equity and expectancy theories to undergraduate students in a fun, competitive format. This experiential exercise has proven useful over the past 10 years in providing an introductory look at the complexity of workplace theories of motivation. In semester-end student feedback, this class has been mentioned numerous times as one of the most impactful lessons of the course. Multiple students have commented on the effectiveness of the hands-on exercise in creating a memorable point of reference that makes it easier to retain class learning concepts. In fact, the most recent end of course feedback over one-third of students cited this lesson as the most memorable of the 30-lesson course. This experiential exercise not only provides a common context for students to reference in applying theories of work motivation, but also incorporates elements of fun and competition, which have been shown to help engage students more fully (Helms & Haynes, 1990; Azriel, Erthal, & Starr, 2005).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the individual, dyadic and situational factors affecting the process of leader-member exchange (LMX) relationships leading to job performance. A survey was administered to a sample of employees in a large public sector organization in the USA. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships. The findings suggest that, although contact within a dyad is necessary for LMX formation, the nature of this contact is what drives LMX relationships. Beyond this, the authors provide evidence for the buffering effects of quality LMX relationship in the presence of otherwise negative traits. Taken together, the results suggest that even though increased LMX consistently leads to increases in performance, several factors both individual and situational affect this process. The current research contributes to the literature on the relationship between LMX and job performance through an examination of the individual, dyadic and situational factors affecting the process of quality exchange relationships leading to job performance. The findings suggest that, although contact within a dyad is necessary for LMX formation, the nature of this contact is what drives LMX relationships.
Research has consistently demonstrated that stronger employee-organization relationships lead to positive attitudinal and behavioral outcomes. Organizational identification (OID) is seen as central to understanding those relationships. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of procedural justice, training opportunities and innovation on job satisfaction and affiliation commitment via the mediating effect of OID. Additionally, the authors incorporate the moderating role of supervisor support to further explore the nature of the environment in which identification is either enhanced or modulated. Survey data were collected from a sample of employees and their immediate supervisors from a variety of organizations in the USA. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships. The authors found that procedural justice, training opportunities and innovation were positively related to job satisfaction and affiliation commitment via the mediating effect of OID. The authors also found that supervisor support moderated the relationship between procedural justice and OID, and the relationship of procedural justice with job satisfaction was moderated by supervisor support. This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of OID in the relationship between procedural justice, training opportunities, and innovation on job satisfaction and affiliation commitment and the moderating role that supervisor support plays in that relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to study organizational reactions to transgender employees, particularly whether trans men and trans women receive similar or dissimilar reactions. The goal is to explore the perspective of bigenderism and improve understanding of other relevant theories. The authors experimentally test one of the theories in the context of the rights of transgender employees to use the restrooms of their choice. A survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 employees in the USA. Respondents were randomly assigned to one of two conditions: one in which they were asked to choose between denying restroom rights to a transgender employee or allowing the employee to use the restroom of his/her choice, and the other in which the employee was allowed to use whichever restroom he/she chose. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results were entirely inconsistent with the belief that there is a moderating component to transphobia, which is especially unfavorable to trans women. However, the preponderance of previous research indicates a moderated effect of gender transition and three sets of theories have been proposed to explain it. This is one of the first studies to empirically test the theory of bigenderism in the context of transgender employees' rights to use the restroom of their choice.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on incumbent adaptation to technological discontinuities by integrating the processes of managerial choices and the issue-specific factors affecting them. The author conducts a comprehensive review of the empirical research on incumbent adaptation to technological discontinuities and proposes a new paradigm for future research. The author proposes that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on this phenomenon. Most studies on incumbent adaptation, like a great deal of strategy research overall, follow variance thinking and strive to identify firm characteristics that correlate with performance outcomes, i.e. successful adaptation. Thus, the most recent comprehensive literature reviews build theory on the role of firm-level variables within contingency frameworks accounting for the nature of a specific technology and external environment. This paper is the first to propose that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on this phenomenon. Most studies on incumbent adaptation, like a great deal of strategy research overall, follow variance thinking and strive to identify firm characteristics that correlate with performance outcomes, i.e. successful adaptation. Nuance in variance approaches comes when differing contexts are accounted for. Thus, the most recent comprehensive literature reviews build theory on the role of firm-level variables within contingency frameworks accounting for the nature of a specific technology and external environment.
The purpose of this paper is to present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create a compelling and effective organizational vision using foresight and futures literacy strategies. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The authors present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create compelling and effective organizational visions using foresight and futures literacy strategies. Overall, the experiences running the exercise and data collected from participants (N = 87) suggest that the activity is effective at helping students to develop a stronger understanding of the process and importance of developing an organizational vision statement. The authors present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create a compelling and effective organizational vision using foresight and futures literacy strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between face threat sensitivity (FTS) and proactive negotiation behavior. FTS has been proposed as a propensity that may or may not be activated. Previous research has shown that activated FTS influences negotiated outcomes. However, these studies analyze one side of the coin - when FTS is actually activated. In this study, the authors contribute to the negotiation literature by also showing that FTS, which is not activated is associated with negotiation outcomes. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender. This study used a 2 (FTS: activated vs not activated) x 2 (gender: men vs women) between-subjects experimental design. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three negotiation scenarios (buyer vs seller, buyer vs seller) and were asked to evaluate their proactive negotiation behavior. The results show that buyers who are higher in FTS are more likely to engage in proactive negotiation behavior. This relationship was found for buyers but not for sellers. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender. Female buyers who have a higher FTS tend to pay more in negotiations. This study contributes to the negotiation literature by also showing that FTS, which is not activated is associated with negotiation outcomes. This relationship was found for buyers but not for sellers. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender. Thus, the authors also shed light on gender differences in negotiation, showing that female buyers who are higher in FTS tend to pay more in negotiations.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual understanding of the relationship between the influence of individual embedding within multiple kinds of social networks, and the different actions individuals take in the context of organizational demise or relocation. The paper draws on the social network literature to develop a conceptual model of the influence of different kinds of social networks on the different forms of action individuals take in the context of organizational withdrawals. The findings suggest that the influence of individual embedding within different kinds of social networks on different forms of action depends on the nature of the network connections. Specifically, the authors find that individuals who are embedded within a range of local social networks are more likely to mobilize the resources offered by the organizational network and attempt to preserve the organization, while those embedded in professional networks are likely to pursue potential job opportunities elsewhere. This paper contributes to the literature by developing a conceptual understanding of the influence of different kinds of social network influences on individual actions in the context of organizational withdrawals. It also contributes to policy-making by showing how local networks support alternative employment options.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between technology and student project ownership behavior in the context of group/team projects. This paper aims to examine how students who rely on the new document-sharing technology Google Docs may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their group projects. A survey was administered to a sample of undergraduate business students who were using Google Docs to collaborate on their group projects. The data were analyzed using descriptive and inferential statistics, t-tests and ANOVA. Students who rely on the new document-sharing technology may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their group projects. This technology makes it easy for students to collaborate without really connecting, which leaves students neither taking ownership of their project nor understanding the learning objectives of the project as a whole. The result is that students struggle with taking ownership. This is the first study to examine the relationship between technology and student project ownership behavior in the context of group projects. The findings suggest that students who rely on the new document-sharing technology may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their project.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the consequences of perceived cyber incivility (i.e. e-mail behavior perceived by the recipient as insensitive, disrespectful and a violation of norms for mutual respect within an organization) on both task performance and performance evaluation. A 2 (message medium: face-to-face vs e-mail) x 2 (content: rude vs neutral) between-subjects experimental design was used to test the hypotheses. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two conditions (face- to-face or e-mails) and were then asked to complete a task and evaluate the performance of another person. Exposure to rude e-mail behavior decreases one's performance on a subsequent task. Further, the authors show that exposure to a rude email has a greater negative impact on subsequent task performance than being exposed to rude behavior face-to-face. Finally, exposure to rudeness is contagious and results in lower performance evaluation scores for an uninvolved third party. This research contributes to the multidisciplinary theoretical framework of social interactions and builds on our knowledge of face-to-face rudeness to better understand the consequences of e-mail rudeness at work. This research also extends the literature on computer-mediated communication by comparing the effects of incivility experienced face- to-face with incivilities encountered via e-mails on both task performance and performance evaluation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the threshold effects of public debt on economic growth in sub-Saharan African countries. The authors employ a quadratic and spline model estimated using fixed effects and system Generalized Method of Moments (GMM), while Chudik et al. (2017) apply panel threshold-Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ARDL) model. In addition, country coverage is also considered. The authors find that the debt threshold is found to be in the range of 20-50% of GDP. The authors also find that there is a U-shaped relationship between debt and growth in the long-run. In addition, the authors find evidence of nonlinearities in the debt-growth nexus. To the best of the author's knowledge, only two studies exist in the empirical literature that examine the threshold effects of public debt on growth in sub-Saharan Africa. This study contributes to the literature by providing new evidence on the debt-growth nexus in Africa.
- The purpose of this paper is to compare the cost efficiency of Vietnamese commercial banks by the stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) and the data envelopment analysis (DEA) methods to assess the similarity in the issuance of policies. - Using the same set of data, the research is conducted to measure the efficiency of Vietnamese commercial banks in two different methods including the stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) and the data envelopment analysis (DEA). These are the two most commonly used efficient frontier measures in bank efficiency studies. The results of the two methods are then compared to make the most appropriate comments. - The results show that the SFA models estimate higher efficiency scores and less significant variability than the DEA models. Moreover, the mean cost efficiency calculated for each banking group is lower than for that taking into account the effect of time factor on both approaches. On the other hand, the comparison shows that there are some differences in the distribution characteristics and ranking order correlation of the efficiency scores provided by two different methods in this study. - The key issue leading to this study is the empirical performance of the efficiency frontier measures. The paper compares the results to find out whether there are significant differences in the DEA and SFA models across various samples. Through two different techniques, parametric and nonparametric, consistent results will be an important basis for policymakers and bank managers to be more confident in making decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of international financial integration on macroeconomic volatility of key variables such as consumption and output using ARDL cointegration as method of econometric analysis. The study uses ARDL cointegration as a method of econometric analysis. The approach distinguishes short-run and long-run effects of the financial integration process. Other macroeconomic variables depend on the volatility of these two variables. The results show that financial integration reduces the relative volatility of consumption and output volatility. The study also finds that the effect of financial integration on macroeconomic volatility is stronger in the long-run than in the short-run. In addition, the study finds that political risk has no significant effect on the volatility of output and consumption. This is the first study to examine the impact of international financial integration on macroeconomic volatility of key variables such as consumption and output using the ARDL cointegration as method of econometric analysis. The approach distinguishes short-run and long-run effects of the financial integration process.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region is no exception. The East Asia community has witnessed the homogeneous banking development for at least two reasons. Firstly, the commercial banks are predominant sources of financial assets, holding over 80% of the region's financial assets. Secondly, the banking sector enhancement has been supported by the national governments to ensure the banking industry security. This entails the crucial position of banking sector in the growth achievement, particularly across the ASEAN area. Consequently, such studies to ease the constraints of understanding co-integration and causality between banking safeness, banking earnings and economic improvement are necessary, especially from an economic policy perspective. Annual panel data of nine ASEAN countries are employed over 1996-2017. The panel vector-error correction framework is amongst the appropriate approaches to investigate the dynamic interaction amongst the variables. Accordingly, the authors can treat our variables as endogenous and then examine both short- and long-term Granger-causal impacts of one variable on others. The empirical results indicate the significant short-term Granger-causal effect of banking profitability on economic growth. However, the authors strongly support the long-run causality between banking security and growth achievement. In addition, the results show that banking security has a positive and significant effect on banking earnings Granger. This study is the first attempt to investigate the interdependence between banking security, banking earnings, banking profitability and growth achievement in the ASEAN community.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between corruption and financing structure of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in an emerging country like Vietnam. This study uses a cross-sectional survey to collect data from a sample of 1,000 Vietnamese manufacturing SMEs. The data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach. The results show that corruption has a negative and significant impact on SMEs' financing structure (formal debt, informal debt, equity and retained earnings). Specifically, the authors find that corruption is associated with a higher corporate debt ratio and short debt maturity for firms that mainly rely on external finance. The authors also find that informal payments have a positive and significant effect on a firm's financing structure. This study contributes to the literature by, for the first time, analysing the association between corruption, proxied by informal payments, and financing structure of SMEs in an emerging country.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the interactions among economic growth, population growth, gross savings and energy consumption in Ghana. The bounds tests approach has been employed to investigate the relationship between the variables in both the short-run and long-run dynamics. The results show that in both the short-run and long-run, savings and population growth are affront to economic growth. However, in the short run, energy consumption has significant negative effect on economic growth but in the long run, and it has a positive impact on the Ghanaian economy. The few studies conducted on Ghana are quite old and essentially explored only the relations between savings and economic growth. Moreover, this study employed a more robust econometric technique and recent data. In effect, findings from this study have contributed to scholarship, and policy makers have the research output of this study to shape policies toward economic growth in Ghana.
Using time-series data from January 2004 to December 2017, this paper investigates the impact of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price. The purpose of this paper is to better characterize the transmission mechanism of the influence of exchange rates on coffee export prices. Time-series data from January 2004 to December 2017 have been used in order to test the cointegrating relationship, Granger causality and build vector autoregression (VAR) model. The results show that the impact of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price is cointegrated and Granger causality is found. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between exchange rate and export price in general and Vietnamese coffee in particular. The main contribution of this paper is to better characterize the transmission mechanism of the influence of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price, which is critical to coffee farmers, exporter-producer companies and Vietnamese government.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the asymmetric impacts of world oil price on domestic oil price, inflation and output growth in Vietnam after the global financial crisis. The study exploits daily information of oil price changes to analyse macroeconomic variables in lower frequency by employing mixed data sampling approach (MIDAS) with beta weight method. The study finds three main results. First, changes in world oil price cause a significantly powerful impact on domestic oil price and inflation. This impact is unavoidable as Vietnam is an oil importer and has become a net oil importers since 2010. Second, the impact of world oil prices on domestic price is asymmetric in terms of magnitude and timing. A positive change in world price causes a stronger impact in magnitude than a negative change in price does. Third, there is no statistically significant evidence on the short-run causal relationship between world price and domestic output growth. As oil and petroleum products are necessary inputs for production processes, oil demand elasticity to price is low in the short run. The study exploits daily information of oil price changes to analyse macroeconomic variables in lower frequency by employing mixed data sampling approach (MIDAS). Second, the study investigates the asymmetric impact of world oil price on the Vietnam economy in terms of both magnitude and timing, which is not explored by previous studies.
This study aimed at investigating the impact of fiscal incentives on foreign direct investment (FDI) in Ghana. The dependent variable in the study was the FDI variable and the independent variables were fiscal incentives measured with corporate tax rates, market size, level of real GDP, trade openness and exchange rate. The dependent variable in the study was the FDI variable and the independent variables were fiscal incentives measured with corporate tax rates, corporate market size, as well as the level of real GDP, trade openness and exchange rate. The study employed the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to analyze the data. The study found a negative and significant long-run effect of corporate tax rates on FDI inflows in Ghana. The study further found that all the other independent variables such as trade openness, market size and exchange rate, although statistically insignificant in influencing FDI, have a significant and positive short-run impact on the level of FDI in the Ghanaian economy. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of corporate tax rates on FDI inflows in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers and practitioners in the Ghanaian economy.
While the extant literature shows that independent directors can help firms decrease agency costs of equity in financial decisions and performance, there are relatively few studies investigating corporate decisions to use independent directors. In this study, we examine how ownership structure affects the use of independent directors in the Vietnamese stock market. Using a sample of 1,318 observations from 192 firms listed in Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange (HOSE) over the period from 2008 to 2017, the authors develop both logit and tobit regression models in which the relationship between insider ownership and independent director appointment is non-linear. The effects of state ownership and foreign ownership and control variables are examined with a linear structure. The authors find that the effect of insider ownership on independent director appointment is positive when insiders hold little stock; however, this effect turns to be negative when insiders have large stock. In addition, both state ownership and foreign ownership are negatively related to firm decisions of appointing independent directors. While the extant literature shows that independent directors can help firms decrease agency costs of equity in financial decisions and performance, there are relatively few studies investigating corporate decisions to use independent directors. In this study, the authors examine how ownership structure affects the use of independent directors in the Vietnamese stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on African stock markets. The paper aims to fill this important void by selecting African countries with relatively developed stock market, which include South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt, Kenya, Morocco and Ghana. The study uses a time-varying generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on the African stock markets. The results show that the US monetary policy normalization had a significant spillover effect on the African stock markets. The US 10-year bond yield added 20 basis points immediately after the announcement of the tapering decision in the US, while the South African bond yield and the Egyptian bond yield increased by around 20 and 10 basis points, respectively, after the normalization announcement in the USA. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between the 10- year bond yield of South Africa and the US bond yield, while that of Egypt, Kenya, Morocco and Ghana are negatively affected by the US normalization. This is the first study to examine the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on African stock markets. The study is also the first to use a panel data approach to investigate the effect of the tapering decision of the Fed on African markets.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the sustainability of the rice-shrimp farming system in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu districts of Ben Tre province, Vietnam, to determine how farmers can adapt to climate change, and to recommend possible adaptations, if any, for current farming practices. This study used the combination of the assessment protocol of van Asselt et al. (2014), Vanloon et al.'s (2005) climate adaptive model (CA), and the MCA methodology to assess the sustainability level of rice-shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts of Ben Tre province, Vietnam. The assessment framework consisted of six sustainability categories, namely, productivity, stability, efficiency, compatibility, durability, compatibility and equity, which were assessed by both qualitative and quantitative indicators. Results from this study shed light on the above-average sustainability levels of rice-shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam. The results indicated that the rice- shrimp farming system in the study area is sustainable in terms of productivity, productivity stability, stability, efficiency, compatibility, and equity. However, it was found that the sustainability level of the farming system was below the average level of rice paddy farming. This study is one of the first attempts to assess the sustainability level of rice-shrimp farming system in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam, which could contribute to the understanding of other coastal agricultural delas around the globe. Results from this study shed light on the above-average sustainability levels of the rice- shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts in Ben Tre province.
- The purpose of this paper is to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the Mekong River Delta (MRD) to achieve maximum rice yield. - Based on the relevant theoretical background, this paper uses structural equation modelling (SEM) to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the MRD. - The result shows that land value, income and level of education of household head contribute to relieving the degree of credit rationing facing rice farmers in the MRD. Meanwhile, rice farmers who are male or reside afar from credit insitutions tend to confront with more severecredit rationing. It is also found that the amount of capital allocated to fertilizer and hired labour decreases when credit rationed intensifies while that allocated to seed and pesticide is not influenced. - According to the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the Mekong River Delta.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity in Nigeria. The study uses data from the World Bank's Global Financial Inclusion Survey (GIS) on financial inclusion. The study uses data from the World Bank's Global Financial Inclusion Survey (GIS) and the Ghana, Nigeria and South Africa (CGAP) to estimate the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity. The study uses a panel data set of Nigeria's agriculture sector for the years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014. The results show that financial inclusion has a positive and significant effect on agricultural productivity in Nigeria. However, the effect of financial inclusion on agricultural output is not significant at the household level. The results also show that agricultural productivity is positively and significantly affected by financial inclusion. This is the first study to examine the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity in Nigeria using CGAP data. The findings suggest that financial inclusion has a significant impact on agricultural output and productivity.
The overall indicator measuring the result of the new rural development (NTP-NRD) program is the proportion of communes meeting all 19 national NRD criteria. However, the percent of commune meeting new rural criteria varies greatly among the provinces. This stems from the differences in the starting points in the NRD of each province, the economic potentials as well as the effort and methods of each provinces. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to present an analysis of NRD results in Vietnam and identify the factors that influence this outcome in the province. The PS stratification method is used to classify the provinces in subgroup. The variables used in the PS method are the number of achieved NRD criterion in 2011, per capita income in 2010, the proportion of minority ethnic minority communes of the provinces and population density, 63 provinces are classified into five subgroups with very different characteristics. Based on PS subgroup, the impact of factors on result of NRD program in the period 2011-2019 is estimated. The study finds significant impact of the variables as variables as per capita income growth rate and the effort level of the provincial authority. All other variables remain unchanged, the provinces that are evaluated as very high effort have higher proportion of achieved NRD criterion in 2011, the proportion of ethnic minority and mountainous communes of the provinces and population density. The subgroup 1 is the most difficult and difficult and consists of provinces in the difficult regions as the Northern Mountains, the Central Highland and Central Coast, and the subgroup 5 consists of the most favorable and favorable provinces as Red River Delta and South East. This paper presents an analysis of NRD results in Vietnam and identifies the factors that influence this outcome in the provinces. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other developing countries.
The main objective of this paper is to determine whether the state of infrastructure development in Sub-Saharan Africa stimulates industrial sector productivity by labour productivity. The paper uses the data from the World Bank's database on infrastructure development for Sub-Saharan Africa for the period 1990-2011. It uses the method of fixed-effects panel data regression to estimate the effect of infrastructure development on industrial sector productivity. The results show that infrastructure development in Sub-Saharan Africa has a positive and significant impact on industrial sector productivity. However, the impact of infrastructure development on industrial productivity varies by country and industry type. The results also show that the effect of infrastructure on productivity is stronger in low-income countries. This is the first study to examine the impact of infrastructure development on industrial sector productivity in Sub-Saharan Africa. It is also one of the few studies to use a time-series approach to investigate the relationship between infrastructure development and industrial productivity.
- The purpose of this paper is twofold: (1) to determine the strength of relationship between leverage and performance of the firm, both in terms of direction and quantified intensity, and (2) to explore possible factors that influence the magnitude of impact between capital structure and firm performance. - The paper is divided into seven major sections. The first part of introduction will provide background knowledge and general idea of how the analysis manages to address the problem of controversial results in a coherent and logical way. Next, five major theories of capital structure will be discussed to demonstrate the possible influence of leverage on the firm value. Around 15 empirical researches will be summarized, based on which hypotheses of this paper will be developed for future testing, including one on the relationship of interest and seven others concerning the moderating effect of potential third factors. The methodology is then explained with the basis of meta-analytical approaches as well as data collection and processing methods. After that, descriptive analysis will classify different groups of paper-specific features and exhibit descriptive statistics of the regression outcomes from the selected studies. In the fifth section of quantitative analysis, the strength of relationship between capital structure and firm performance, or the overall effect size, will be measured and combined according to the standardized framework proposed by Hedges and his colleagues - The results of the meta-analysis indicate that the relationship between leverage and firm performance is positive and significant, both in terms of direction and quantified intensity. However, the strength of relationship between capital structure and performance of the firm is found to be quite weak. The results also suggest that the degree of influence of leverage on the firm's performance can be moderated by industry, business strategy and/or industry-specific characteristics of each study. - This paper is one of the first attempts to address the problem of controversial results in a coherent and logical way by performing a meta-analysis on the relationship between capital structure and firm performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of regional trade on economic growth, using data from Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Member States. The authors decompose the regional trade data into regional and non-regional trade. The study uses data from ECOWAS Member States for the period 2000-2016. The authors use the panel data technique to decompose the trade data into regional trade and non-regional trade. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the impact of regional trade on economic growth. The results reveal that regional trade has a positive and significant impact on economic growth. However, the impact of regional trade with the rest of the world is less than that of intra-ECOWAS trade. The results also reveal that the positive impact of ECOWAS non-regional trade is not as strong as that of regionaltrade. The findings also show that the negative impact of trade with developed economies is not significant, while the positive effect of trade is significant. This is the first study to investigate the impact of regional trade on economic growth using data from ECOWAS Member States. The study contributes to the debate on the effectiveness of international trade in promoting economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between Confucianism and growth from the perspective of political development. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of economic development, the authors use the immigration matrix of Putterman and Weil (2010), which provides the share of the contemporary population of each country that was descended from East Asian people in the year 1500. The authors use the immigration matrix of Putterman and Weil (2010), which provides the share of the contemporary population of each country that was descended from East Asian people in the year 1500, to measure the impact of Confucianism across various countries in the world. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of political development, the empirical specification specification is based on the cross-country analysis of the World Values Survey. The empirical results indicate that Confucianism has a positive and significant impact on economic growth under democratic regimes, while it has a negative and significant effect under autocratic regimes. However, it has no impact on growth under a democratic regime. In addition, it is also found that the impact of Confucius' culture on growth is asymmetrical depending on the political geography of the country. Based on these considerations, this paper places its focus on the relationship between Confucianism and growth from the perspective of political development. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of different political development, the empirical empirical results of this study provide new insights into the deep roots of economic development in East Asian societies.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of higher Special Consumption Tax (SCT) on output and employment in the tobacco industry in Vietnam. - The paper uses a panel data set from the Vietnam General Statistics Office for the period 1995-2011 to estimate the impact of higher tobacco tax on output and employment. The data set is based on the tobacco production and employment data from the Ministry of Industry and Trade. - The results show that the higher tobacco tax has a negative impact on output and employment in the tobacco industry in Vietnam. In particular, the output of the tobacco sector has decreased by about 5% and the employment by about 1,000 persons, respectively, after the introduction of the SCT. - This study is one of the first to examine the impact of higher tobacco tax on output and employment in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the interest rate (IR) sensitivity of output and prices with different levels of financial inclusion (FI) in developing economies over the period 2007-2017. Based on the FI index built by the principal component analysis (PCA) method, the authors divide the sample into two FI groups: high and low degree of FI. By using panel vector auto-regression (PVAR), the study examines the impact on the output gap and inflation to IR in the two groups of economies with different levels of FI to answer the main research question. The results show that short-term IRs are much more volatile in economies with a higher degree of FI. Similar to the magnitude of a one standard deviation shock to the IR, the impact of an IR shock on the output gap and inflation in the two groups of economies with different levels of FI is much greater. This is one of the first studies to investigate the IR sensitivity of output and prices to the different levels of FI in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is first, to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance. Second, analyzing internal (family ownership) and external (environmental uncertainty) factors on the effectiveness ofinternal control in preventing tax planning practices. This study also conducted additional testing by looking at the descriptive statistic in companies with high and low internal control and less effective internal control. This study uses the annual report of public companies in Indonesia as the data source for this study. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) for the period of 2011-2016. This study used the ordinary least squares regression to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance. The results show that internal control has a positive and significant effect on the effectiveness of internal control in preventing tax avoidance practices. The results also show that family ownership and environmental uncertainty have a negative effect on internal control, while internal control and family ownership have a positive effect on tax avoidance. Environmental uncertainty has a negative and significant impact on tax planning practices. This study is the first to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance by analyzing internal (family ownership) and external (environmental uncertainty) factors on the effectiveness ofinternal control in preventing tax planning practices. This study also conducted additional testing by looking at the descriptive statistic in companies with high and low internal control and found that companies with higher internal control have less aggressive tax avoidance.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate and analyse the impact of exchange rate on inflation quantitatively in Vietnam over the period 2005-2009 to contribute to existing literature. The author uses vector autoregression (VAR) model to estimate the exchange rate pass-through into inflation (ERPT) in Vietnam. The results show that the exchange rate pass-through into inflation is less than 1, both in the short and long term. In particular, it is the largest in the import prices and the smallest in the consumer prices. In addition, the authors also find that there is a positive and significant relationship between exchange rate and inflation. To the best of the author's knowledge, this is the first study that estimates and analyses the impact of exchange rate on inflation quantitatively in Vietnam over that time to contribute to the existing literature.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and evaluate the main factors that affect Vietnam's handicraft export. The gravity model is used as one of the best theoretical frameworks to estimate the export value of Vietnamese handicrafts using panel data. Breusch-Pagan LM test shows that the most efficient model is the random effect model. However, there exist multicollinearity, autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity, so we use the feasible general least squares to solve the phenomenon. The results show that the most efficient model is the random effect model. However, there exist multicollinearity, autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity, so the authors use the feasible general least squares to solve the phenomenon. Factors influencing Vietnam's handicraft export, such as Vietnam's GDP, import country's gross domestic product (GDP), trading partner's population, the economic distance between Vietnam and importer, the openness of Vietnam's trading partner, the language and the condition that both Vietnam and the importer are members of APEC, have a positive influence on Vietnamese handicrafts export. Vietnam's inflation has a negative influence on the export of handicraft products from Vietnam. The geographical distance and exchange rate are estimated to have a negative impact on Vietnamese export, but with an insignificant level. This is the first study that uses the gravity model to estimate the influence of the main factors on Vietnamese handicraft export.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the reallocation of resources between production units and the entry and exit of firms on the productivity growth of the Vietnamese manufacturing sector during the period 2000-2015. The authors use dynamic productivity decomposition method to examine the impact of technology spillover, reallocation of resources and competition to the productivity of Vietnamese manufacturing enterprises in the period 2000-2015. Using firm-level data, the authors decompose the contribution of firm's turnover to aggregate productivity growth into elements corresponding to: productivity improvement of continuing firms; a reallocating of market share from less productive to more productive firms; and the contributions of the exit of less productive firms and simultaneous entry of firms. The results show that the reallocation of resources between production units plays a crucial role in explaining productivity and potential growth of the Vietnamese manufacturing sector in transition. The authors find that job creation dominates job destruction in the early years of transition, but later in the transition, job destruction diminishes. They also find that newly established firms are the most dynamic ones in terms of job creation. This study is one of the first attempts to decompose the contribution of firm-level productivity change and the reallocation of market share among survivors in the Vietnamese manufacturing sector using dynamic decomposition method.
The purpose of this paper is to examine impacts of stock-specific and market-related attention, measured by Google search volume (GSV), on stock illiquidity and volatility. The authors examine 49 stock tickers included in Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange's VN100 Index as of January 1, 2019. Google search volume (GSV) tracked by Google Trends is used as a proxy for investor attention. The authors also examine impacts of stock-specific and market-related attention, measured by GSV, on stock illiquidity and stock volatility. The time span is five years, ranging from January 2014 to December 2018. The authors first find strong correlation between GSV and trading volume, a popular proxy for investor attention. Then for attention impacts, market-related GSV reduces individual stock liquidity, whereas individual stock volume of firm-level search queries shows mixed results. Market-wide attention increases stock volatility, whereas firm- level attention, again, increases volatility. In addition, firm-specific attention can either reduce or increase volatility in stock returns. This is one of the first studies to use Google Trends as a proxy for attention in the context of stock market activity in a developing economy. It is also the first study to examine impacts of stock-specific and market-specific attention, measured by GSV, on stock illiquidity and volatility.
The purpose of this paper is to find the answer to the central question: "Does the sectoral composition of growth affect poverty reduction independent of the aggregate rate of growth in Vietnam?" An empirical model and data used to test the impact of sectoral composition of growth on poverty reduction in Vietnam are presented in this paper. First, economic structure change with an increase in the share of the industry sector has a positive impact on poverty reduction. Agricultural development is a good indicator for poverty reduction than the service sector. Therefore, it is necessary to focus on improving the efficiency of the agricultural sector compared to the services sector. Second, focusing on employment expansion will have a significant impact on Poverty Reduction. Basically, the growth model of Vietnam still has many features of the growth models in width, so employment is still the most effective direct solution to poverty reduction in Vietnam. Third, the process of restructuring from agriculture to industry sector should be strongly encouraged. This will make urbanization faster. In the context of rapid industrialization in the agricultural sectors, increasing urbanization will effectively reduce poverty. The final solution, in parallel with continuing to control the population growth rate well, is to set education goals as a top priority for the poor in order to raise individual's sense of poverty reduction, and this is the most efficient solution in the long term This paper attempts to find the answer to the central question: "Does the sectoral composition of growth affect poverty reduction independent of the aggregate rate of growth in Vietnam?" In addition, the authors also try to answer the following sub-question: "Which is the sector having the most impact on poverty reduction in Vietnam?".
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the incidence of qualification mismatch in the labor market and the impact on earnings in Vietnam's labor market. The data are taken from the Labor Force Survey 2015 in Vietnam, and the estimations are performed with linear regression models performed with augmented Mincerian wage equation. Using the Labor Force Survey in 2015 in Vietnam, the authors show a rather surprising result that unlike developed countries, Vietnam has a higher incidence of under-education than over-education, possibly due to the fact that a large proportion of population in rural areas not having access to formal education. Using augmented Mincerian wage equation, it is found that returns to each year of over- education and under- education are significantly lower than those to each years of required education. Further, the linear regression results show that the impact of qualification mismatch on earnings is not significant. The paper, to the best of the authors' knowledge, is the first paper investigating the qualification mismatch incidence and effects on earnings in Vietnam's labor market. It is also one of the first papers to investigate the impact of qualification mismatch on earnings using the linear regression technique.
The purpose of this paper is to find evidence which might reveal variations in audit quality among auditors (Deloitte, EY, KPMG, PWC and other audit firms) in the multi-year data set. The methodology applied in this study focused on the nature and quality of disclosures in relation to the goodwill impairment testing process under HKAS 36. Basing on accumulated evidence obtained from the sample of listed firms in Hong Kong in three years after Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS) adoption, including Hong Kong Accounting Standards 36, the extent of technical compliance with requirements of disclosures considers as a surrogate for audit quality in the multi-year data set of time series. The research found that there was systematically non-compliant levels and poor disclosure quality pertaining to goodwill impairment among clients of auditors in the multi-year data set after HKFRS adoption. Out of Big 4, clients of Deloitte, EY, KPMG and PWC were judged, on the whole, to be the best practice on goodwill impairment testing process. There have been alternative positions of higher levels of non-compliance rates among clients. Apparently, the extent of compliant rates with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS), including HKAS 36, is likely to be higher among the Big 4 auditors than clients of other audit firms. This research is conducted for finding evidence which might reveal variations in audit quality among auditors (Deloitte, EY, KPMG, PWC and other audit firms) in the multi-year data set. So measurement of audit quality variations employed in this study is the extent of compliance changes with the disclosure requirements of HKAS 36. So the level of technical compliance with requirements of disclosures considers as a surrogate for audit quality in relation to challenged and over-complicated items of the goodwill impairment testing framework.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of materialism (i.e. three materialism's components) on green purchase behavior among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. The theory of planned behavior with the integration of materialistic values is employed as a theoretical framework for this study. An extended TPB model with the integration of the three components of materialistic values was proposed and five hypotheses were tested and all of them received support from the data from Vietnam, while one failed to get support from Taiwan data. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. Structural equation modeling was used to test the research hypotheses. The findings confirm the significant and positive impact of all three antecedents from the TPB on intention to buy green products among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. For Taiwanese consumers, SN was found to be the most influential predictor of PI, followed by PBC and finally ATT. For Vietnamese consumers, PBC, SN and ATT were found to have a significant impact on green purchase behavior. The results of this research are expected to contribute to the literature by enriching our knowledge of the interesting and important relationship between materialistic values and green purchase behavior among consumers in two Asian markets where, to the best of the authors' knowledge, only modest research effort has been given to explore this topic.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between organizational learning capability and business performance in the context of Vietnam. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from MBA students working at firms in Vietnam. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). This study found a direct positive relationship between organizational learning and business performance, not an indirect relationship as found in Akgun et al. (2007) study. In addition, it adds to the literature by having found that of the four dimensions of organizational learning, management commitment to learning is the most important factor and has the highest degree of positive effect on business performance. The second dimension is knowledge transfer and integration. This study adds to the literature by having found that of the four dimensions of organizational learning, management commitment to learning is the most important factor and has the highest degree of positive effect on business performance. This gives a implication for managers in striving for a better performance of the firm.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers in Ca Mau - the largest shrimp producer of Vietnam. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of shrimp farmers in Ca Mau province, Vietnam. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The regression results show that the amount of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers depends on the size of input orders (a pulling factor) and the pressure of competition among input-cum-trade creditors (a pushing factor). It is inferred from the results that forming cooperatives, shrimp farmers can improve the chance of being granted trade credit. Cooperatives allow for effective contracts and enforcement, which reduces the risk of non-repayment by buyers who hope to steal the owed credit. This is the first study to explore the determinants of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers in Ca Mau - the largest shrimp producer of Vietnam. The results of this study can be used as a guide for policy makers to improve the chances of shrimp farmers being granted trade credit.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of removing industrial tariffs under the European-Vietnam free trade agreement (EVFTA) by employing the computable general equilibrium (CGE) approach. By constructing the Vietnam input-output table for the year 2012 and utilizing the computable general equilibrium (CGE) modeling, this paper simulates the economic scenario when the tariff rate of the industrial sector reduces to 0 percent under the EVFTA. The results indicate that the reduction of the tariff will not only increase the social welfare but also strengthen the whole economy regarding the growth of household consumption, factors of production and trade value. In fact, when the tariff rate of the industrial sector is 0 percent, consumers are the benefitted the most because the price becomes more competitive and reasonable with the presence of import products, while manufacturers have plenty of opportunities to accost modern technology in order to improve their productivity and consume quality intermediate goods at a reasonable price. Interestingly, this paper also demonstrates that the sacrifices of government will certainly bring more significant benefits to the economy. The results of this paper are not only a valuable reference for governments and policymakers from other countries when they decide to reduce tariffs or adjust production taxes once integrated into the world economy, but also emphasize the benefits of trade liberalization, tariff elimination and domestic tax reforms. Nonetheless, the impacts of tradeliberalization on the economy by reducing tariffs also rely on the contexts of each nation, such as their economic foundation, per capita income, consumer demand and firms' competitive capacity.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of shocks in the various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria over the period of 1986Q1-2016Q4. The study uses the structural vector autoregression (SVAR) approach to analyze the effect of shocks in the various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria over the period of 1986Q1-2016Q4. Findings from the IRF showed that foreign direct investment inflows exert a positive impact on economic growth. This implies that FDI flows into Nigeria have contributed to growth through increased factor productivity, efficient use of resources and transfer of managerial skills and advanced technology. It was also found that portfolio investment flows have a positive effect on the growth of the Nigerian economy. The impact is exerted through increased financial liquidity, which has made funds available for productive investment. The IRF, however, showed that personal remittances have not resulted in the growth. The study also noted that from the FEVD, FDI accounts for the major variation in economic growth, which is due to the fact that it constitutes the most stable components of private capital inflows. This study is the first of its kind to analyze the effect of shocks in various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria using the structural vector autoregression approach.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether independent directors can help firms reduce managers' overinvestment and increase investment efficiency in an emerging market. Using a research sample of 1,281 observations collected from 193 firms listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange during the period from 2009 to 2017, the authors develop a research model in which corporate investment is a function of Tobin's Q, the proportion of independent directors in the board and an interaction between them. Control variables include firm profitability, financial leverage, cash holdings, firm size and state ownership. The authors divide the full sample into groups of firms with low and high financial constraint to compare the effects of independent board directors between financially unconstrained and constrained firms. Financial constraint measures used are the Kaplan and Zingales (1997) index, financial debt and payout ratio. Using a research sample of 1,281 observations from 193 firms listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange during the period from 2009 to 2017, the authors find that the proportion of independent directors is negatively related to firm investment but its interactive term with Tobin's Q is positively related to corporate investment. These findings imply that independent directors can help firms reduce overinvestment and improve investment efficiency. Moreover, the research findings indicate that these effects are stronger for financially constrained firms. This is the first study to examine the role of independent directors in corporate investment policy in Vietnam, an emerging market that experiences low enforceability of legislation on corporate governance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of country-level and fund-level factors on mutual fund performance in Vietnam. In particular, this study examines the relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic variables, fund characteristics and fund characteristics. This study uses a panel data set of mutual funds for the period of 1990-2017. The sample consists of more than 3,000 funds. The panel data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach. The results indicate that there is no significant difference between the performance of actively managed mutual funds and passively managed funds in Vietnam. However, there is evidence of a positive relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic factors such as inflation rate, interest rate and trade balance. In addition, the results show that fund size, board independence, fund age, fees and expenses have a positive effect on fund performance, while fund age has a negative effect. This is the first study to examine the impact of country-level and fund-level factors on mutual fund performance in Vietnam, which is a young market like Vietnam. The findings of this study will be useful for investors and fund managers to understand the relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic factors in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of share repurchase announcements on the value of rival firms in the same industry by using a sample of 201 open market repurchases announced in Vietnam from 2011 to 2017. With event study, t-test and OLS regression methods, the study finds evidence to prove that there is an average cumulative abnormal return (ACAR) of rival firms when a stock repurchase is announced in the Vietnamese stock market. Moreover, this ACAR round the event date is also affected by firms' characteristics. The study finds evidence to prove that there is an ACAR of rival firms when a stock repurchase is announced in the Vietnamese stock market. Moreover, this ACAR round the event date is also affected by firms' characteristics. Specifically, the event study method is employed to calculate and test the significance of the CAR and ACAR. Its result indicates that the effect of share repurchase announcements on rival firms in Vietnam is statistically significant and less dramatic than on announcing ones. This effect could be positive or negative depending on the specific characteristics of each industry. However, almost all the results suggest the hypothesis of the "contagious effect." The study also applies OLS regression to determine some firm characteristics that could affect the ACAR in event window (-1, 1) surrounding the announcement date. The first factor is ROS presenting profit performance. It is proved that firms with high ROS would have more chance to be influenced by stock buyback announcements. Second, rival firms having a stable financial situation (high LI This is the first study to examine the effects of stock repurchase announcements on rival firms in the same industry in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of organizational innovation on firm performance in the context of Vietnam, a developing country. Based on a survey of 266 firms in Vietnam, this study uses structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. Based on a survey of 266 firms, this study finds that in Vietnam, organizational innovation has a positive impact on firm performance. Among three aspects of organizational innovation, innovation in business practices and innovation in workplace organization are significantly positively associated with firm performance while innovation in external relations is not. There is no evidence to support the impact of interaction among three organizational innovation aspects on the performance of firms. This study contributes to the literature on organizational innovation by exploring its impact on the performance of firms in the context of Vietnam, a developing country. The findings of this research suggest that firms in Vietnam should pay more attention to innovation in business practices and innovation in workplace organization.
The purpose of this paper is to replicate the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011) on the effect of rural roads on household welfare in Vietnam. In this study, the author conducted a pure replication of the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011) using the original data sets. The author used the same method and data sets, except that the author used a different method for the estimation of the regression model. The author finds that rural roads can increase household welfare, including farm and nonfarm income, in the short run, as well as in the long run. The author also finds that there is heterogeneity in the impact of rural roads. Rural roads are found to be an important factor in local market development and the impact is higher for poor areas. This study is the first pure replication of the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011). The results from this study can be used for other developing countries, especially for some Asian developing countries with similar economic structures as Vietnam, such as the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Laos and Cambodia.
- Marine spatial planning (MSP) is an effective tool for resolving conflicts between various human activities and marine ecological protection work. It is also an effective means for multipurpose marine management. The major marine functional planning plan (MMFZP) and marine functional zoning (MFZ) are two important kinds of MSP frameworks that are being implemented in China. The purpose of this paper is to study the differences and relationship between these two kinds of frameworks and offer suggestions on their development and implementation. - After reviewing the domestic and foreign statuses of research on MSP, this paper has pointed out their deficiencies and analyzed the necessity of the research. First, it analyzed the differences between the MMFZP and MFZ. By comparing the concept and connotation, purpose and goal, zoning methods and zoning function of the two, the paper pointed out the concrete differences. Second, it researched the relationships between the two frameworks. The paper conducted a multisided study on the relationship between them. - By comparing the concept and connotation, purpose and goal, zoning methods and zoning function of the two MSP frameworks, the paper points out their concrete differences. For one thing, MFZ provides references with respect to data, zoning method and partial zoning results for the MMFZP. For another, in view of the problem with MFZ - such as project-oriented zoning trend, uncoordinated zoning between adjacent regions, incomplete zoning coverage and lack of quantification in the index system - the MMfZP has taken corresponding measures in its implementation to promote the national MSP work. According to these research results, the authors have suggested to strengthen data sharing, referencing between zoning methods, coordination between the MMFsZP and MFZ and scientific division of labor and effective cooperation between the two frameworks. - This study provides references for scientific developing, reasonable implementation and effective cooperation between the MMFZP and MFZ to ensure the rational use of marine space and promote the sustainable development of marine areas.
The objective of this work is to analyze the presence of corporate social responsibility (CSR) in the missions and visions of the main ports of Latin America. This work is based on the analysis of the presence of CSR in the mission and vision of the main ports of Latin America. The methodology used for this work is a content analysis of their mission and visions. In addition, a questionnaire was used to collect information about the CSR practices of the ports. Most of the ports studied do not consider CSR in their mission and vision. Although CSR is not considered in the missions and visions, during the realization of this work, several CSR activities could be identified; this is an indication of the lack of congruence and planning between what is said and what is actually done. The main contribution of this work is mainly focused on covering two gaps in the literature: first, to increase knowledge about the strategic bases of ports in Latin America through their missions and visions; and second, to visualize the coherence of the missions and vision with the activities of CSR.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the concept of grey data analytics (GDA) as a novel concept for dealing with uncertainties like incompleteness in big data. Based on a comparative analysis of the existing uncertainty models, the feasibility of grey sets and grey systems in representing information incompleteness is investigated, and the complementary feature between big data and small data models in data analysis is also discussed. The proposed concept of GDA is then discussed. The analysis shows that grey sets and grey systems are an ideal option in capturing uncertainty like information incompleteness not only for small data but also big data. The proposed GDA is proposed as a novel concept for data analytics. The data collection, imputation, storage and management are then discussed, and the data analysis for grey data with full consideration of the possible imperfection of analysis tools is then analysed. GDA is proposed as a novel concept for data analytics. The proposed GDA opens a new brand to be explored for the incoming AI enabled society. It will enable a better human-machine coexistence and improve people's trust on AI.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a summary of grey forecasting and relational models and its applications in marine economics and management. The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The basic idea is to calculate the relation based on the similarity of data series representing the characteristics of systems. In this paper, the grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The basic idea is to calculate the relation based on the similarity of data series representing the characteristics of systems. The grey relational theory has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and grey relational models and grey prediction models are two main branches of grey systems. The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The grey relational theory has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and the grey relational model has become the main branch of grey systems theory with the most extensive application. The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. It has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and the grey relational theory has become one of those branches of grey systems theory with the most extensive application and the most achievements.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the environmental pollution and economic growth elasticities of maritime and air transportations in Iran. Using econometric methodology, it employed two log-linear models to estimate the environmental pollution and economic growth elasticities of maritime and air transportation in the short and long run in Iran. The data were derived from the Central Bank of Iran and the World Bank. The results show the higher maritime transportation elasticities of environmental pollution and lower economic growth elasticities, compared with the air transportation. It is implied that the maritime transportation is more pollutant and less productive in comparison with theAir transportation. This study compared the environmental and economic effects of maritime and air transportation in Iran. It clears the way for revealing the best alternative mode of transportation for inclusive development in Iran in order to seek the most efficient and the cleanest transportation mode. The policymakers are advised to improve the infrastructure of maritime transportation from both the economic and environmental point of views.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the understanding of high-quality development of marine economy in China, point out the insufficiency in current research and put forward further research directions on this topic. This paper analyzes related researches on high-quality development of marine economy based on the knowledge map of CiteSpace. This review includes the systematic analysis of keywords about marine economy in the literature. The analysis results show that scholars mainly study current situation and countermeasures from a macro-perspective. Research topics focus on related industries and activities of marine economy, mainly involving the contents of management, economics and ecology. A multi-disciplinary research framework system in this area has not yet been established, and needs more in-depth study. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to review the literature on high-quality development of marine economy in China, and it provides a comprehensive understanding of the connotation, dimensions and characteristics of high- quality development of the marine economy.
The purpose of this paper is to study and propose the optimization and testing process of the index system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. It analyzes the theoretical index system or related literature; the design is according to the availability of indicator data, the accuracy of the definition of the indices and the feasibility of the operation of the indexes. Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. In this paper, through the scientific process that from "analysis of theory basic, analysis of related factors, description of process mechanism" to "analyze of system structure, decomposition of system hierarchical, identification of the complete set of indicators" to primary selection the indicators system, using system engineering and hierarchical structure decomposition theory, optimize the indices system construction process analysis method; aim at the expert assessment quality test; judge the authoritative degree of expert opinion and clarify the index attribute value range, based on Delphi assignment method, other four methods for expert assignment, expert evaluation results for individual indicators and multi-index test, reliability test and validity test, and the expert assignment quality test. Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. In this paper, through the scientific process that from "analysis of theory basic, analysis of related factors, description of process mechanism" to "analyze of system structure, decomposition of system hierarchical, identification of the complete set of indicators" to primary selection the indicators system, using system engineering and hierarchical structure decomposition theory, optimize the indices system construction process analysis method; aim at the expert assessment quality test; judge the authoritative degree of expert opinion and clarify the index attribute value range, based on Delphi assignment method, other four methods for expert assignment, expert evaluation results for individual indicators, expert assignment quality test and multi-index test validity, reliability and test validity test, and the multi- index test test.
The purpose of this paper is to construct a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational analysis (GRA) method is then used to evaluate the quality of marine economy development in Qingdao city. This paper constructs a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational analysis (GRA) method is then used to evaluate the quality of marineeconomic development in Qingdao city. Through the analysis of the research results, it can be concluded that the marine economic development capacity of Qingdao is generally on the increase trend, the total marine economy has been on the rise trend, and the marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management are generally declining. The comprehensive management of oceans is generally declining, and it varies with the changes of environment and economy. This paper constructs a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational relative closeness is used as the evaluation standard, which can make full use of the obtained data information and effectively avoid the loss of information in the calculation process. The GRA method is an important part of the grey system theory.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discuss the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for the coordinated development of land-sea integration. Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration. Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration. Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the issues of inter-basin water transfer (IBWT) supply chain coordination considering the water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and the random precipitation. The IBWT supply chain coordination models considering water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and random precipitation are developed, analyzed and compared through the game-theoretic and coordination research approaches, and the corresponding numerical and sensitivity analysis for all models is conducted and compared. The research results indicate that the binding supply capacity constraint makes the water capacity to be allocated among IBWT distributors in accordance with fair shortage allocation rule and reduces the profit (or utility) of the IBWT supply chain and its members; the existence of fairness concern reduces the utility of its supply chain members; and a lower precipitation utilization factor in the CNB is beneficial for improving the profit/utility of the supply chain, while a higher precipitation utilization factors in CBB are beneficial for enhancing the operational performance of IB WT supply chain. From a supply chain perspective, this paper tries to explore the issues of the operations management mechanism of IBWT project considering the water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and the random precipitation. This paper will contribute to the current literatures and practices in the IBWT supply chain coordination.
The vast resources of the oceans are essential for the survival and welfare of humanity around the globe. It is not surprising, therefore, that economic activities connected to our oceans, such as maritime transportation and fisheries, are greatly expanding within a highly competitive environment among nations and other interest groups. Because conflict often arises among competing interest groups involved in a given marine economic activity such as aquaculture expansion, decision tools for handling conflict have a key role to play in marine economics and management. The purpose of this paper is to introduce the Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR) as a decision methodology for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquacultural development in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR) is introduced and illustrated for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquaculture development in the Province of British Columbia (BC), Canada. However, firstly, an overview of aquacultural development around the globe is firstly presented. Then, some typical controversies that could take place along with the rapid expansion of Aquaculture are explained. Subsequently, how an aquac culture conflict can be resolved and how GMCR can be applied to solve the dispute are described in detail. Several meaningful findings and recommendations are put forward. This paper demonstrates that GMCR can provide valuable strategic insights for enhancing the decision-making process. GMCR methodology should prove to be highly effective in resolving conflict in the many areas in which controversies could take place in the broad field of Marine Economics and Management. Overall, difficult problems that arise in this field should inspire the utilization, improvement and development of many types of decision tools. This paper is the first attempt to apply GMCR methodology for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquaculture development in the Province of British Columbia (BC), Canada. The authors believe that GMCR can provide valuable strategic insights for enhancing the decision-making process.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of recent advances in international marine econometrics (scientific analysis) research in the field of marine economy. This paper reviews the most recent advances in international marine econometrics research in the field of marine economic research, and identifies the most important advances in each of these methods. The results of this paper show that the most recent advances in international marine econometrics methods have been applied to more specific areas of marine research, such as ocean energy, ocean wind energy, tidal energy, marine food chain, marine aquaculture, marine resources and environment, and other fields. In addition, the results of these econometric methods can be used to predict the development trend of China's marine economy. This paper provides an overview of the most recent advances in international marine econometrics research in the field of marine economic research.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the Canadian aquaculture sector and its contribution to food production, food security, and economic development. This paper is based on a literature review of the Canadian aquaculture sector. The authors reviewed the Canadian Government's policies, regulations, and industry reports, as well as industry and government reports and reports from other countries and regions. Canada has a long history in both fisheries and aquaculture and, in particular, in providing global leadership in science and conservation, technological innovation and environmental sustainability. Canada has the longest coastline in the world by far (202,080 km), and even when in the coastal areas of the country, it is one of the largest capture fisheries countries. It is difficult to overstate the economic and social benefits of this sector to rural and coastal communities including those in Canada, given the level of employment and financial benefits and contribution to food security. This is the first comprehensive review of the Canadian aquaculture sector in the context of its contribution to food production, food security, and environmental sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of aggregation operators (AOs) of intuitionistic linguistic fuzzy set (ILFS) and their applications in decision making. In this paper, some basic operational rules of intuitionistic linguistic fuzzy AOs, such as intuitionistic uncertain linguistic weighted mean (IULWGM) operator (Liu and Jin, 2012), interval-value IULWGIWGM operator (Jin, 2013) and ordered geometric weighted mean IULGMWGM(Liu, 2012) are defined, and some basic aggregation operators (AOs) of IFLS are defined. Then, some applications of ILFSs are discussed, and their applications are discussed. Based on the IFLS, some basic fuzzy AOs, such as geometric weighted mean (IULWGM) operator (Liu and Jin, 2012), geometric ordered weighted mean IULWGIWGM operator(Liu, 2012) and interval-value IULWTGM operator (Jin, 2013) have been used to obtain the comprehensive values of alternatives by aggregating all attribute values, and then rank the alternatives. The ILFS can more adequately dispose the fuzzy and uncertain information than the IFS, LT and LTS. This paper provides an overview of IFLS aggregations and applications, which can be useful for researchers and practitioners in the field of decision-making.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new grey relational analysis (GRA) model based on discrete Fourier transform (DFT) to measure the similarity between time series polylines or curves of each factor and vice versa. This paper proposes a new grey relational model based on discrete Fourier transform (DFT) and applies it to Chinese marine economic data. The grey relational degree of the new model is derived by using the grey absolute correlation degree and the grey convex relational degree for two-dimensional panel data. The grey relational degree of the new grey relational model is found to be more accurate and reliable than the grey absolute correlation degree and the grey convex relational degree in the context of three-dimensional panel data. In addition, it can be used to evaluate the marine economic performance of the Chinese marine industry. This paper proposes a new grey relational model based on discrete Fourier transform and its application on Chinese marine economic data. The proposed model can be used to measure the similarity between time series polylines or curves of each factor and vice versa.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether chief executive officers (CEOs) with accounting backgrounds have an impact on firms' earnings management behavior and the level of accounting conservatism. The authors classify CEOs into those with and without accounting backgrounds using BoardEx data. Using discretionary accruals from several models, the authors find that CEOs with accounting backgrounds are more likely to engage in income-increasing accrual management. The authors use market-to-book ratio as a proxy for accounting conservatism and control for CEO over-confidence, as well as the CEO's level of over- confidence. Consistent with the hypotheses developed from the experimental accounting research, the authors find that firms whose CEOs have accounting backgrounds exhibit lower levels of accounting conservatism, but not higher levels of income-increasing discretionary accruals. The authors also find that CEOs with accounting backgrounds are less likely to engage in earnings management and are more likely to report conservatively. This is the first study to examine the impact of CEOs' accounting backgrounds on earnings management and accounting conservatism.
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients often require visits to multiple providers and follow multiple care plans, and suffer from poor health outcomes due to their underlying disease complications and multiple comorbidities. Inadequate treatment of ESRD patients can lead to high rates of hospital admission and readmission, as well as mortality rates that are higher than the general Medicare population. These alarming trends raise the need for more effective health care resource utilization to improve the quality of healthcare delivery to chronic kidney disease. The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations between dialysis center practice characteristics and process quality of care measures, related to dialysis adequacy and anemia management, and the association between these process quality measures and patient clinical outcomes, as measured by standardized hospitalization ratio (SHR). The authors draw on a recent, publicly available data set from the CMS Dialysis Facility Compare database and Medicare cost reports for free-standing dialysis providers (CMS Form 265-2011). The authors examine the associations between dialysis practice characteristics and process quality of care measures, related to dialysis adequacy and anemia management. Further, the authors study the association between these process quality measures and patient clinical outcomes, as measured by their standardized hospitalization ratio (SHR). The authors find that dialyzer reuse is positively associated with improvements in clinical process measures, but it is associated with an increase in the SHR of patients. The authors also observe that dialysis centers that are part of a larger chain/network of dialysis clinics, and those that are for-profit, exhibit higher SHR compared to independent or stand-alone dialysis facilities and non-profit dialysis centres. This study is one of the first to examine the association between dialysis center practice characteristics and clinical process measures and patient clinical outcomes in a national setting.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation. The authors use auditor specialization to proxy for audit quality and predict that, for clients of specialist auditors, there will be more weight placed on accounting performance measures in determining the cash component of CEO compensation. Furthermore, the authors predict that greater reliance on incentive compensation and increased auditor scrutiny will correspond with lower levels of non-incentive compensation. Using data from the Execucomp and Compustat databases, the authors use regression analysis to examine the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation. The authors find that as auditor quality, proxied by specialization, increases, ROA and sales revenue become more important in determining executive cash compensation. Furthermore, as auditor specialization increases, the level of cash compensation paid to executives will decrease, denoting a shift from base pay to incentive pay. The authors also find that the associations that the authors predicted with auditor specialization would be lower in the post-Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) period. This is the first study to examine the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation in the post-SOX period.
This paper aims to explore the design of management teams when the critical task facing individual managers is monitoring the performance of worker teams and producing performance measures under uncertain information environments. As a whole, this paper offers a theory of management team based on the idea that organizations optimally balance the management team size, worker team size and pay-for-performance intensity in compensation contracts for management and workers. The authors use a multi-agent LEN framework - linear contract, exponential utility and normal density - which is widely used in applied economic models. The framework is introduced by Holmstrom and Milgrom (1987). The analysis will broadly proceed in two parts. In the first part of the paper, the authors examine an arbitrary number of managers under a joint-production technology. This general intuition provides a general intuition for how the management problem changes as the number of change managers change. The second part, a two-manager setting is considered and the authors solve the model under varying monitoring technologies. The analysis within the multiple-manager framework produces a number of new results. The main lesson is that the use of performance measures under uncertainty is greatly affected by the potential for free-riding in the management teams. This is particularly true when the management team size is large and when it is profitable and when the number of managers change. The paper is the first to explicitly model the endogenous process of signal generation within a rich economic environment. In the environment, number of workers being evaluated and number of managers who produce the signals are both endogenous. Furthermore, both workers and managers are subject to moral hazard problem. The paper is different due to the existence of a risk-neutral principal who stands ready to share risk from the production and performance measurement uncertainty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX or Act hereafter) on firms' productivity. In the wake of corporate scandals and accounting irregularities that rattled the US capital markets, Congress passed and President George W. Bush signed the SOX into effect on July 30, 2002. The Act was enacted to enhance protection for investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures made pursuant to the securities laws. This paper uses a panel data set of US firms listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) during the period from January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2014. The sample consists of firms that have complied with the various requirements of Sections 302 and 404 of the SOX. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of compliance with Section 404 on firm productivity. The authors find that the SOX has had a negative effect on firm productivity in the post-SOX period. In particular, the authors document a significant decrease in the productivity of CPA firms in the period of compliance with Sections 302 and 404 of the Act. The authors also find a significant increase in productivity of non-CPA firms after the implementation of Section 404. This paper extends the literature along the line of the actual operational effects of the SOX regulation by examining its effect on the productivity of firms. This paper is the first to examine the impact of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act on firms' productivity.
The purpose of this paper is to identify outliers in data envelopment analysis (DEA) models that are used to measure the efficiency of firms. The authors use a stochastic data envelopment analysis (DEA) model to estimate the efficiency of a production function. The authors estimate the performance of the production function using DEA and then use OLS to adjust the intercept by the largest residual to obtain the frontier. The results show that the DEA estimator is unable to identify the outlier in terms of efficiency when the observed error term is composed of both measurement error and statistical noise. Furthermore, the performance declines as the variance of the measurement error increases. This is the first study to identify the existence of outliers in data envelopment analysis. This study also provides the first attempt to measure efficiency using a firm-specific measure of efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between product innovation, cost-cutting and firm economic performance in the post-crisis context in the Canadian context. This study uses a cross-sectional survey of Canadian small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) operating in the manufacturing sector. The data were collected from the Canadian Institute of Purchasing and Supply Management (CIPSM) and the Canadian Federation of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (FMEs). The authors use a two-stage least squares (2SLS) regression model to test the hypotheses. The results show that product innovation has a positive effect on firm economic performance in the post-crisis context, whereas cost-cutting has a negative effect on economic performance. In addition, product innovation is found to have a positive impact on the economic performance of firms that have adopted a diversification business strategy. This study contributes to the literature by providing evidence on why firms are choosing different business strategies when they are operating in the same business conditions. In addition, it has not been clear how the financial crisis has affected the undertaking of business strategies. Moreover, a clear linkage has not yet been established between firms' economic performance and business strategies, although there have been some anecdotal evidences.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new approach to marketing concepts - such as promises, 'reason why' and copy strategy - in which risk would be a key dimension of choice and preferences, that can be addressed efficiently by evolutionary-based cognitive sciences. The authors make the hypothesis that people's aspirations, the core core of operational marketing, could be profitably complemented and described by people's risk attitudes and perceptions, so as to position brands and products as a combination of aspiration and risk-taking attitude. The authors scanned some 50 years of risk in marketing literature, cognitive sciences, behavioral economics and, more recently, evolutionary psychology. They observed that, in some key areas of marketing management - individual profiling, brand positioning (brand promises being considered as a main choice's criteria), message framing and, before that, take-away messages of the brand copy strategy - risk psychology has diffused to a limited extent. They investigated positioning statements and communications according to risks' perceptions and attitudes in the field of insurance and investment, within the Axa Research Fund-Paris School of Economics research project. The authors have spotted two areas where risk psychology could complement marketing management: risk attitudes as part of perceptual maps; and risk perception in communication. The claim is that brand or policy promises could be justified and targeted in accordance to their risk-related product category, making perceived-risk attitudes a useful complement of positioning statement, and that brand communication could be framed according to psychological biases in a context of decision under uncertainty. The authors are suggesting a new approach to marketing concepts - such as promises, 'reason why' and copy strategy - in which risk would be a key dimension of choice and preferences, that can be addressed efficiently by evolutionary-based cognitive sciences. The authors make the hypothesis that people's aspirations, the core core of operational marketing, could be profitably complemented and described by people's risk attitudes and perceptions, so as to position brands and products as a combination of aspiration and risk-taking attitude.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel strategic management model that is designed to deal with the decisions that are taken by decision makers (DMs) when undertaking a project within a group of heterogeneous decision makers. In particular, the authors focus on the effects of the intensity of shading applied by DMs on the relative payoffs received by the DMs. The authors differentiate between managers and employees with the former receiving a higher compensation payoff than the latter. The paper is based on an empirical study of a research project in which the authors conducted a series of experiments with a sample of 1,000 DMs. The authors used a two-stage least squares regression analysis to test the hypotheses. The results show that the intensity of the shading applied by the DMs will depend on the relative payoffs received by the managers and employees. Moreover, the authors find that this effect is moderated by firm involvement in high performance work system practices. In particular, firms are more likely to use team-based performance payoffs when coordination across employees constitutes an important part of the production process. The current paper introduces a novel strategic management model that is designed to deal with the decisions that are taken by DMs when undertaking a project within a group. In particular, the intensity of the shading applied by the DMs will depend on the relative payoffs received. This endogeneity in the endogeneity of shading allows the authors to account for the effect of payoff differentials.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an integrated approach to grey relational analysis (GRA), analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and data envelopment analysis (DEA), which can be used to derive attribute weights for use in GRA. The proposed integrated approach is based on the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and data envelopment analysis (DEA), which can be used to derive attribute weights for use in GRA. The AHP is a subjective data-oriented procedure, which can reflect the relative importance of a set of attributes and alternatives based on a formal expression of the decision-maker's preferences. Alternatively, DEA is an objective data- oriented approach to assess the relative performance of a group of decision-making units (DMUs) with multiple inputs and outputs. The results show that the proposed integrated approach can be used to assess the performance of each alternative under the least favorable weights, which can be called optimistic DEA models. On the other hand, pessimistic DEA models can be developed to evaluate the performance under the most favorable weights. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that integrates AHP, DEA and GRA in the field of grey relational analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce this special issue of the Journal of Professional Capital and Community, Professionalism in the Pandemic, and to reflect on a kernel of wisdom therein. The author draws on her own experience as a teacher, as well as the experiences and perspectives of others, to introduce the special issue. The paper finds that educators exhibit professionalism in the pandemic by enacting practical wisdom. Practical wisdom involves knowing when to bend rules, to improvise, to be flexible in applying guidelines - and to do so in service of the common good. The virtue of practical wisdom is inherently important in a range of professions, including education. And the discombobulation of the COVID-19 pandemic heightens this need. The paper introduces the special issue of the Journal of Professional Capital and Community, Professionalism in the Pandemic, and offers practical wisdom as a virtue guiding professionalism in education.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how community-oriented practice in online learning communities during pandemics in the USA can lead to teaching and learning where content and not humaneness becomes central. This has implications for equity-oriented education. In this essay, the authors argue that the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, be it in schools or in community. The authors use two vignettes to illustrate how the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, whether it be in schools or in community. The authors argue that the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, whether it be in schools or in community. At the outset, like other teacher educators, the authors were relieved to have video conferencing platforms to communicate with students. But as the new reality of virtual teaching sets in teacher education classrooms surface, we are starting to see old tensions surface in our classrooms. These include racialized situations, as well as emphasis on content and meeting deadlines. Our worry is the loss of physicality, and not humaneness becomes central. This has implications for equity-oriented education. This paper is original in that it is one of the first attempts to examine the humanizing practices of online learning communities during a global pandemic in the USA.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait and its impact on the quality of education in the country during the period of the crisis. This paper is based on a case study of the implementation of the integrated education reform program (IERP) in Kuwait during the pandemic period. The authors conducted interviews with the Ministry of Education (MOE) and the Ministry's Undersecretary Council, as well as school principals, teachers, parents and other government bodies. The findings show that the Ministry of Education (MOE) of Kuwait did not manage to implement the integrated education reform program (IERP) successfully, as it did not achieve its goals, including the integration of online learning in Kuwait's school system. The main reason for this failure is that the MOE did not take into account the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait. The findings also show that there is a lack of understanding on the part of some administrators as to what constitutes quality education and how it is achieved. This is the first study to examine the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait and its impact on the quality of education. The findings of this study will be of interest to policy makers, educational administrators, teachers, school principals, parents and other stakeholders.
The COVID-19 pandemic has taken over three-quarter of a million lives and caused a global crisis for education systems, impacting the lives of millions of children and young people across the world. The United Nations' policy response has been to urge global leaders and policy makers to Build Back Better through a series of propositions. The propositions focused on promoting fairness and equity, empowering local government and targeting resources for recovery programmes. Equity is a major challenge, perhaps the single most challenging issue as we attempt to build back better education systems. The assumption is that the learning loss experienced by children andYoung people from disadvantaged backgrounds will be greater than those from more advantaged backgrounds and therefore the pandemic will reinforce and amplify educational inequities. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The paper is based on the author's experience of working with the United Nations' policy response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. The paper draws on a range of published research and case studies. The paper finds that equity is a major challenge, perhaps the single most challenging issue as we attempt to build back better education systems. The assumption is that the learning loss experienced by children and young people from disadvantaged backgrounds will be greater than those from more advantaged backgrounds and therefore COVID-19 will reinforce and amplify educational inequities. This paper provides an overview of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on children and young people in the United Kingdom. It is of value to policy makers, educators and parents.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore opportunities in the "adjacent possible" in teacher preparation in the COVID-19 pandemic, which has challenged and disrupted everything that we normally take for granted in the preparation of teachers. - The paper is based on a review of the literature on crisis and opportunity in teacher preparation in the COVID-19 pandemic and the author's experience as a teacher preparation consultant. - The paper finds that, in times of crisis, there are opportunities to explore the "adjacent possible" that are hovering on the edge of the possible, and they tend to become more apparent when boundaries are pushed. - The paper offers a unique perspective on teacher preparation in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. It provides an example of how the "adjacent possible" can be explored in times of crisis.
The global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has led to temporary school closures in most countries around the world, affecting over 60% of the world's student population (UNESCO, 2020). Schools in Hong Kong were among the first to announce in-person class suspension starting from February 3, 2020, which was soon extended to early June 2020. All primary and secondary schools had to quickly shift their teaching and learning activities online. During these four months, the slogan "suspending classes without suspending learning" became a mantra guiding local discourse for finding ways to facilitate students' learning at home. The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural effects of social capital on schools' constructive adaptive capacity under social stress. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with teachers and school leaders from 30 primary and secondary schools in Hong Kong. The data were analysed using the structural equation modelling technique. The results showed that the structural effects of social capital and social structures had a significant impact on schools' adaptive capacity for sociotechnical changes. Structural and cognitive aspects of the social capital of teachers and school leaders were found to have a significant effect on the adaptive capacity of schools in the context of the pandemic. The findings also revealed that social capital had a positive effect on school leaders' capacity for constructive adaptive capacity, which in turn contributed to the school's capacity to adapt to the crisis. This study contributes to the literature on the coevolution of social capital and social structures by examining the structural effects of socialcapital that contributed to schools' adaptive capacity for sociotechnical changes.
The COVID-19 pandemic is causing severe budget shortfalls in many low- and middle-income (LMIC) countries, and these shortfalls are already affecting education budgets, and hence the health, well-being and educational progress of millions of children. Educational public-private partnerships (PPPs) may be one way for governments to address these budgetshortfalls and protect the welfare of children, and this paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a review of the literature on educational PPPs in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and the challenges facing governments around the world. The story of educational PPPs is not one of universal success. Risks include lax oversight, transparency and accountability, along with increased inequality and higher costs. As with other educational issues, there is no one-size-fits all solution for countries. But by incorporating learning from existing experiences and literature, policymakers can minimize risks and ensure a high level of ethics and sustainability. This paper is the first to explore the potential of educational PPPs in the context of COVID-19. It offers insights into how governments can tap into private sector resources for bolstering education during or after the pandemic.
The rapid spread of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) prompted a pandemic causing great health concerns and disrupting people's lives globally. Chilean teachers and principals are challenged to continue supporting their students' learning at a distance, while also being confined in their homes. Such an extremely challenging scenario is having an impact on educators' professionalism in terms of the role and values that distinguish the teaching profession. The school system's response to the crisis, as well as the health and social effects of the pandemic, evidences an attempt to reconceptualize educators' professional roles and values. In this essay, the authors analyze how the crisis created an opportunity to reconCEPTualize Chilean educators' professionals. The authors examined government guidelines, national teachers' association statements, news reports and testimonies from teachers and principals collected from webinars. Moreover, the authors explored the extent to which forced school building closures and the move to remote instruction evidenced a divide between the notion of professionalism embedded in the initiatives fostered by the Ministry of Education and educators' views about their professional role and values during the crisis. The experience in Chile, as in other school systems around the world, shows that the decision to transfer school work to homes through remote and online teaching strategies revealed the precarity of many families' lives, not only concerning connectivity problems but also due to their social and economic vulnerability. Likewise, teachers and school leaders found themselves in complex situations trying to maintain contact with their students during the closing of school buildings, while also accompanying the educational process of their own children and/or dealing with precarious conditions similar to those of their students. Furthermore, the educational authorities' insistence to return to normal, pushing the system to continue with business as usual, only revealed the irrationality of what normal has come to mean in our education systems. The emphasis on students' academic achievement on standardized tests, the disproportionate value of and reliance on quantitative effectiveness indicators and the permanent performance monitoring and control of teachers and principals work have finally sparked a necessary conversation about educators' professionalism. The experience in Chile, as in other school systems around the world, shows that the decision to transfer school work to homes through remote and online teaching strategies revealed the precarity of many families' lives, not only concerning connectivity problems but also due to their social and economic vulnerability. Likewise, teachers and school leaders found themselves in complex situations trying to maintain contact with their students during the closing of school buildings, while also accompanying the educational process of their own children and/or dealing with precarious conditions similar to those of their students. Furthermore, the educational authorities' insistence to return to normal, pushing the system to continue with business as usual, only revealed the irrationality of what normal has come to mean in our education systems. The emphasis on students' academic achievement on standardized tests, the disproportionate value of and reliance on quantitative effectiveness indicators and the permanent performance monitoring and control of teachers and principals work have finally sparked a necessary conversation about educators' professionalism.
Efforts to diversify faculty composition in higher education are in danger of being lost due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the authors imagine that other workplaces including corporate and nonprofit institutions that have worked to become more diverse might also be facing this challenge. The authors describe several facets of their experiences as women faculty of color in the academy during the pandemic to explore how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with initiatives for equity and inclusion, during this frightening time. The authors describe several facets of their experiences as women faculty of color in the academy during the pandemic to explore how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with equity and inclusion initiatives, during this frightening time. The authors describe how the pandemic has made participating in this type of work even more challenging. Because diversity work can often be seen as an "extra" on top of the general business of an institution, it is easy to lose when we focus on key priorities in an emergency, especially as these key priorities are often determined by those in power. And if the work is lost, it becomes harder as already notional academy members to feel confident in their positions and to advocate for more diverse people to join us. This paper offers a unique perspective on how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with initiatives for equity and inclusion, during this frightening time.
Innovative use of information and communications technology (ICT) requires (new) knowledge and skills for the group that has the biggest impact on educational quality: instructors. Facilitating professional development (PD) for instructors is crucial for the quality of our education, perhaps even more so in times of a pandemic. Numerous reviews on effective building blocks of PD exist (e.g. Borko, 2004; Desimone, 2009; Timperley et al., 2007). Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks for effective PD on the innovative use of ICT. Using these building blocks, we created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, we used this framework to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands. Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, this framework was used as a tool to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology (ICT) while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic (i.e. TPACK). Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, they used this framework to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands. This paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, this framework was used to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands.
The COVID-19 pandemic has catapulted educational systems into unknown territory. It has challenged and disrupted the work of educators, the daily learning experiences of students and even the concept of schooling. This rapid shift to crisis schooling has had massive implications for pedagogy and professionalism during the pandemic and beyond. The purpose of this paper is to reflect on what has been learned from the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history and consider what might be possible in the future. This is a conceptual paper that draws on the authors' experience as researchers and educators in the field of pedagogies and professionalism during the pandemic and beyond. The authors find that the pandemic has had a profound impact on pedagogies and professionalism. It has challenged and disrupted the work of educators, the daily learning experiences of students and even the concept of schooling. In addition, it has led to the emergence of a new model of teaching and learning called "agile distance learning" that has been described as the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history. This paper offers a critical examination of the implications of pandemic pedagogies and professionalism in the context of crisis schooling. The authors argue that the pandemic is a critical time to reflect on what has been learned from the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history and consider what might be possible in the future.
This paper describes SPARK, a school-within-a-school that launched in August 2019. SPARK might be viewed as an emergent innovation that highlights the possibilities for elementary education as COVID-19 continues to unfold and points to ways to reenvision how to do school for the immediate context and beyond. The authors bring three distinct perspectives to this analysis, which synthesizes the research around key elements of the school model and is also informed by the authors' respective experiences with the school. Powers is a tenured faculty member at Arizona State University who has been documenting the implementation of SPARK for the past year and a half. Brown is SPARK's teacher-leader, whose formal title is the Teacher Executive Designer (TED). Wyatt was a member of the university design team that collaborated with the district to design and implement SPARK. SPARK provides an example of a research-based model that educators from other districts can see and use as a springboard for reimagining their own educational spaces and practices in this new and still uncertain period when schools and school districts consider how to move forward. While many of these practices are not novel, SPARK combines them in a way that is unique and particularly relevant for the present moment and for school and classroom practice beyond the pandemic. SPARK provides an important example of a research-based model that educators from other districts can see and use as a springboard for reimagining their own educational spaces and practices in this new and still uncertain period when schools and school districts consider how to move forward.
This paper aims to consider some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances. The article considers some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances. This article considers some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances. This paper provides a unique perspective on the impact of COVID-19 on school leadership. It offers a new perspective on current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. The paper also offers reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances.
The purpose of this paper is to explore what the coronavirus pandemic and learning at home have taught us about teachers' professional capital and community. How has this unprecedented disruption lifted the lid off teaching, and what has it revealed? What can we all learn from what we have seen that might make teaching and learning better once the pandemic is eventually over? This is a conceptual paper based on interviews with 94 teachers in the Greater Boston metropolitan area of the USA. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a thematic analysis approach. Lortie's 1975 book, Schoolteacher, portrayed teachers as people who were unwilling to change because they were trapped in workplace cultures of individualism that shielded them from the knowledge and expertise of their peers. The pandemic has changed people's opinions about teaching, and how it has changed teachers' opinions about it and how we can develop ways to change teaching differently in the future. What Lortie called the psychic rewards of emotional satisfaction and feedback that teachers get from teaching, often through their interactions with individuals, have been transformed by the pandemic. The originality of this paper is that it revisits and revises classic understandings of teachers' work by asking what new light learning at home has cast on them at present. The value of the paper lies in the fact that it offers a new way of thinking about teachers' professional capital and community.
The complexity that characterizes the work of teachers and school leaders was amplified during the COVID-19 pandemic. The immediacy and urgency of schools' responses to this unfolding situation positioned them as education's front-line responders. This intensified public focus, and the dynamic nature of teachers' responses offer new insights into how they can react in times of crisis. This paper explores why rethinking of professional collaboration and agency has been required and what this might mean in a post-pandemic era. Utilizing the author's own lived experience as a teacher, leader and a postgraduate researcher, and connecting this with related research, this essay explores what we might learn from emerging practice during the pandemic. Considering the intensified focus on teachers and school leaders, and the shifting demands placed upon them, the author explores why rethinking of professional collaboration and agency has been required and what this might mean in a post-pandemic era. The experience of this pandemic has made clear that teachers, school leaders and education systems are key to building better societies. But they require broader support. Concerns of equity and access must be part of a wider public policy agenda focussed on eliminating inequality, amplifying the voices of our often marginalized or forgotten community members and ensuring education is the vehicle through which we empower, champion and lead our communities. In doing so, out of a global emergency could come a renewed sense of humanity and belief in the unparalleled power of education. The experience of this pandemic has made clear that teachers, school leaders and education systems are key to building better societies. But they require broader support. Concerns of equity and access must be part of a wider public policy agenda focussed on eliminating inequality, amplifying the voices of our often marginalized or forgotten community members and ensuring education is the vehicle through which we empower, champion and lead our communities. In doing so, out of a global emergency could come a renewed sense of humanity and belief in the unparalleled power of education.
This forward-thinking essay explores one possible approach to enabling higher education and university staff to build and deploy their professional capital, ensuring they can more effectively support students during the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic (as well as similar crises in future). The authors begin by unpacking the nature of the current pandemic before discussing the opportunities that the innovative approach to treating student support as a form of a social network can offer. The authors begin by unpacking the nature of the Covid-19 pandemic before discussing the opportunities that the innovative approach to treating student support as a form of a social network can offer. The authors conclude with reflections that aim to provide food for thought to university staff when developing and providing student support. The authors argue that by recognising the role of professional networks and professional capital in developing effective student support, educators are able to better understand the student support needs and fulfil their role in supporting student learning and thriving. The authors also argue that to effectively develop our professional support in a way that will benefit disadvantaged students the most, we need to consider the roles of social interactions and social capital formation in our work. This paper provides an innovative approach to understanding student support as a form of a social network that can be used by university staff to better understand the support needs of disadvantaged students during the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead. This paper is based on the author's personal experience as a teacher and educator in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is a viewpoint paper. Although undeniably tragic, the COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead. The COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead.
The purpose of this paper is to offer perspectives for practitioners and decision-makers to look beyond short-term recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and consider its longer-term consequences to teaching and learning in schools. The paper is based on the author's experience as a teacher, school principal, researcher and teacher educator in the USA, Canada, Australia and the UK. There is only a little chance school education will change without bold and brave shifts in mindset in how that change happens. This includes, for example, a shift from one-size-for-all prescriptions for teaching and learning to flexible, diverse and self-directed ideas to diverse communities and a collective move from educating toward fixed, predictable outcomes to new, surprising ideas (knowledge or skills) as a result of creative and divergent learning. This essay and the long list of writings coming out from scholars and others will turn the volume up on what we have known for a very long time about what is wrong with our schools. Yet, the education policies and institutions simply do not change. There are those who see an opportunity in the COVID-19 crisis to reimagine education, but I don't see any indication that education systems would be able to renew themselves from within.
The purpose of this paper is to explore principal professionalism in the time of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. The authors conducted in-depth, semi-structured interviews with 30 principals from across the USA to explore the nature of principal professionalism in the time of the pandemic. Principals are the face of their school communities, and while this role brings high levels of stress, the current moment highlights the specific power of this position. Principals have the capacity to exert professionalism over their work and to have greater say in elements of it, recognizing that some decisions must be made at district, state and federal levels. This paper is one of the first to explore principal professionalism in the time of the pandemic. It offers a new perspective on the role of principal professionalism and how it may be used to improve the capacity of school leaders.
The purpose of this paper is to consider how the COVID-19 pandemic has affected immigrant education and professional communities in schools, discussing the implications of these shifts for school leaders in the USA. This commentary is based on a review of the literature on immigrant education and professional communities in schools and the implications of the pandemic for school leaders in the USA. The authors argue that the current context requires new definitions of professional community in education, particularly when it comes to serving immigrant students. Typically, we have thought of professional communities in education to incorporate primarily educators - administrators, teachers and other school-based staff working with students. However, families and community organizations are also essential supports. Although informal interactions can provide support when schools are open, leaders need to think strategically about shifting those interactions through purposeful outreach and communication across stakeholders during school closures. As we all grapple with the implications of the pandemic for education, school leaders play a central role in reimagine an expanded professional community that can be leveraged to support immigrant students in crisis. The authors argue that the current context requires new definitions of professional community in education, particularly when it comes to serving immigrant students. Typically, we have thought of professional communities in education to incorporate primarily educators - administrators, teachers and other school-based staff working with students. However, families and community organizations are also essential supports, particularly in the currentcontext. Although informal interactions can provide support when schools are open, leaders need to think strategically about shifting those interactions through purposeful outreach and communication across stakeholders during school closures.
The COVID-19 pandemic affords a golden opportunity to rethink what matters most in education. The crisis at this moment is being contained with a response of an adaptive nature, but a transition phase towards hybrid schooling (virtual and physical) is yet to come. There are doubts as to whether this will allow for the arrival of a pedagogical renewal movement or whether education will simply return to square one when the de-escalation phase ends. This paper aims to discuss these issues. The article is structured in four parts. First, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to COVID-19. This article explores social and educational responses to COVID-19 in Spain (my home country) in which professional capital and community is at the epicenter of the fight against this virus. The article is structured in four parts: first, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to the pandemic. The article is structured in four parts. First, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to COVID-19.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the tensions that school leaders are currently navigating during the COVID-19 global pandemic. The author explores - based on research and also the author's own lived experience of teaching, and leading teaching and learning, at her Australian school - the tensions and tensions that they are navigating. This paper is based on research and also the author's own lived experience of teaching, and leading teaching and learning, at her Australian school during the pandemic. - The paper finds that school leaders are navigating tensions in a time of adaptation and evolution, by necessity. They are doing the best they can in the circumstances, with little lead in time and minimal upskilling, and most of it is not ideal. - The paper offers a unique perspective on the tensions that school leaders are currently navigating during this state of global emergency.
The purpose of this study is to identify specific key performance indicators of seed accelerators (SAs) and to determine the factors that are most closely linked to these performance indicators. It also aims to identify the extent to which US SAs are the leading SAs worldwide and identify their main advantages, if any, over non-US SAs. This empirical study is based on a data set of 116 SAs located in the United States and elsewhere between 1997 and 2014. Data were collected from retrospective and real-time sources, including website visits, start-up websites, blogs, LinkedIn profiles, publications and databases such as crunchbase and Seed-DB. The data were analysed using bivariate and multivariate analyses of the data. The results show that US SAs are the leading SAs worldwide and have the best performance in terms of the key performance indicators. The results also show that the performance of SAs in the USA is significantly higher than that of other SAs. However, the results also indicate that US accelerators are more successful than their counterparts in other countries. This study is the first to provide an initial appraisal of the key indicators of SA performance using a comparative approach. The results of the study have key implications for both SA managers and SA promoters.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which strands of inflationary related conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions influence variability in specific bank performance indicators in the US banking sector. - The paper employs panel data regression analysis to examine the impact of various strands of inflationary conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions on selected bank performance indicators. - The results suggest that the likelihood of recessionary conditions and combined effects of inflation expectations, macroeconomic uncertainty and realized inflation influence variability in specific bank performance indicators in the US banking sector. - Unlike most of the related literature focusing on the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic conditions and performance in the banking sector, this study is designed to have relatively narrow focus in its empirical assessment. Specifically, it seeks to examine the extent to which strands of inflationary related conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions impacts selected performance indicators in the US banking sector.
The present work is an attempt to assess the impact that the slack resources have on performance over time. This research objective focuses on addressing the following research questions: (1) on the one hand, the duration of the effect of slack resources on performance, and (2) the existence of permanence of the relations between slack and performance overtime. A longitudinal or temporal analysis is proposed, based on the information obtained from the annual accounts of 463 Spanish industrial companies over a period of 12 years (2006-2017). During this period of time, Spain suffered drastic changes in the munificence of the environment due to the financial crisis, which has commonly been associated with the use or consumption of slack. The results obtained show that the relationship between slack resources and performance is stable over time. However, the duration of the effects varies according to the type of slack, the measurement of performance and other contingent variables, such as the sector or the nature of the company. The results obtained contribute to the existing knowledge both for the literature on slack resources and for business practice. From the theoretical point of view, the inclusion of time constitutes a relevant contribution insofar as most of the research on the subject is transversal or uses a relatively short period of time. From a practical perspective, the results show the disparate effect of the different types of slack.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of one of the HR policies and practices (HRP) - performance appraisal (PA) - on employees' innovative behavior (IB) in the context of the human resource management (HRM) system strength concept. In particular, the authors analyze the impact of the perception of PA on IB. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in the public sector in Spain. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that the perception of PA has a positive and significant impact on employees' perceptions of HRM system strength (distinctiveness, consistency and consensus), which, in turn, have a positive effect on IB. The authors also found that the relationship between PA and IB is moderated by employees' perception of the three dimensions of HR system strength. This paper contributes to the literature by analyzing the impact of one of the most important HR practices, performance appraisal, on individual innovative behavior. It is the first to analyze the influence of the perception of performance appraisal practices on employees' IB.
This study aims to show the consequential recourses that exist among interlinked dyads when the motivation to transfer learning becomes an intervening force that drives convergent change throughout a controlled learning channel. A neural network approach is used in this study to triangulate if a multiplicative exacerbation exists when motivation transpires between nodes. A neural network approach is used in this study to triangulate if a multiplicative exacerbation exists when motivation transpires between nodes to understand the effect of transfer learning among dyads. According to the neural network model, the findings indicate that as motivation to transfer learning increases among one relational dyad, the cyclical effect increases among all dyads. The continual presence of motivation and the correlative effect on each dyad show a progressive transfer of knowledge persists when intrinsic and extrinsic cues remain to resonate in mastery-approach and achievement goals. Inversely, when motivation decreases among dyads, the effect retracts and eventually stops. While the literature contains exhaustive studies on correlative relationships between readiness and satisfaction, satisfaction and performance and performance, no study can be found that captures the analysis of each dyad separately then interrelatedly links all coupled taxonomies to examine the nuanced effects of the motivation to transfer learning. It is also important to note that the repository of transfer research finds actionality within myriad academic disciplines (i.e. management, HRD, training); that is to say that trained employees can be categorized as learners.
The purpose of this study is to explore the drivers of sustainable supplier selection (SSS) and its impact on firms' financial performance. Building on stakeholder theory, the current study addresses the SSS issue by examining how socially responsible purchasing practices which are measured by the purchasing social responsibility (PSR) dimensions, such as customers, the government, employees and the society at large as primary constituencies of the firm, determine the extent to which firms consider sustainability aspects in the selection of emerging economy suppliers. Based on stakeholder theory, a research framework is developed to examine the drivers of sustainable supplier selection (SSS) and its impact on firms' financial performance. The research model is tested using data collected from a sample of Thai manufacturing firms using structural equation modeling (SEM). Based on the analysis of research model, all the eight hypothesized paths except two (suppliers' environmental focus and ethical treatment) were substantiated. Interestingly, the authors also found that firms' sustainable supplier selection practices are positively and significantly linked with superior financial performance. Also, the moderating effect of resource investment in sustainability initiatives was found to be significant. This study is one of the first to examine the SSS phenomenon in the context of an emerging economy. The findings suggest that the adoption of SSS is a multidimensional and gradual process rather than a static bundle of policies and practices related to choosing the right suppliers.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the relationship between workplace ostracism and employee attitudes by focusing on the joint moderating effect of perceived organizational support (POS) and coping strategies. This study is based on a cross-sectional survey with a sample of 518 employees working in a field setting. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data. The results of this study show that the more employees suffer from workplace ostracism, the less likely they are to show in-role performance and OCB. POS decreases the influence of workplace ostrcism on employees' performance. Employees with a higher level of POS can reduce work demands generated by workplace ostricism through access to relevant resources at work. And, employees with higher levels of POS decrease psychological demands that coping with workplace ostratism places on the employee through feeling their sense of self-worth and its satisfaction of the fundamental human need for belongingness. This study makes two significant contributions to workplace ostracism, employee attitudes and POS-related literature. First, it extends the workplace ostrcism and employee attitude literature by theoretically and empirically testing the ostracISM model to link workplace ostricism and job performance in a field setting. Second, it reviews the joint moderating role of coping strategies, providing boundary conditions for the relationship between workplace ostrACism and performance.
The purpose of this paper is to study the role that Bitcoin plays when confronted with Economic Policy Uncertainty (EPU). Can it act as a hedge or safe-haven in the face of economic uncertainty due to its independence from the existing economic and financial system or should it be considered as a speculative asset due to Its high volatility? To achieve this, the authors study the influence of EPU on the returns and volatility of Bitcoin and gold, with EPU being understood as the "non-zero probability of changes in existing economic policies" (Baker et al., 2016). EPU has a positive impact on Bitcoin returns and volatility at higher quantiles, just like gold. These results demonstrate that Bitcoin does not act as a simple means of exchange, the main purpose for which it was created, but rather that it presents characteristics of investment assets, specifically of safe havens. These findings allow investors to consider this asset as a tool to protect their savings in times of economic uncertainty. This is one of the first studies that evaluates the role played by Bitcoin taking into account the return and volatility behaviour of this cryptocurrency in the face of variations in EPU. Likewise, another important contribution of this study is the distinction of the influence of EPU in the returns and volatility of Bitcoin by quantiles.
Based on self-determination theory, this study aims to empirically analyze the impact of various game elements included in sport apps on the satisfaction of the three basic psychological needs of competence, autonomy and relatedness, and their influence on autonomous motivation. A survey was conducted with a sample of 1,000 users of gamified sport apps. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that gamification in sport apps has a positive effect on the satisfaction of the three basic psychological needs of competence, autonomy and relatedness, and their influence on autonomous motivation. In addition, the findings show that the different game elements have different effects on autonomous and competence motivation. The results also show that autonomous motivation mediates the relationship between gamification and competence and autonomy. This study contributes to the literature by filling an existing gap in the academic literature on gamification. Drawing on self-determination theory, one of the most influential theories of human motivation, it responds to calls for more research examining gamification effects on users' motivation in the specific context of gamified sport apps. In addition, it extends previous gamification research by empirically analyzing how different game elements influence individuals' basic psychological needs and motivation. Finally, the study has practical implications for gamified apps designers as it offers useful advice on how to design gamified applications.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of employee satisfaction in the relationship between human resource management (HRM) practices and the competitive advantage of five-star hotels in the north of Cyprus. Data were collected from 5-star hotels in the north of Cyprus through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The results indicate that employee satisfaction mediates the relationship between HRM practices and the competitive advantage of five-star hotels in the tourism sector in Northern Cyprus. The results also indicate that the mediating effect of employee satisfaction is stronger in the case of hotels with high levels of practical compensation. This study contributes to the field of HRM in the hotel and tourism industry by offering an in-depth look at the existing literature. It also considers the mediation effect of employee satisfaction, which was initially introduced in hotel management and tourism. Finally, such complex relationships expand the dimension of research conducted in HRM and competitive advantage.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze whether the anthropomorphism process exerts stronger effects on brand love than a non-human perspective of a brand. More specifically, this study uses as stimuli neutral brands in terms of affection and a broader range of brands in a broader product category (e.g. clothes). This study uses a 2 ( anthropomorphism vs non-human) x 2 (objectified vs anthropomorphized) between-subjects factorial design. The data were collected from a sample of 473 Finnish consumers. The results show that the anthropomorphism process exerts stronger effects on brand love than a non-human perspective of a brand. The anthropomorphized version of the brand is more loved than the objectified version. The findings also show that consumers' liking for the anthropomorphic brand version has a stronger effect on the brand love dimension than the non-anthropomorphized brand version. This study moves beyond the current literature because differs from past studies in the following aspects: it uses as stimuli neutral brands in terms of affection and a broader range of brands in a broader product category (e.g. clothes). It focuses on different dimensions of the brand love prototype proposed by Batra et al. (2012). Additionally, because consumers' reactions to anthropomorphized brands may be more complex than typically assumed, the current research takes a further step by also considering how consumers' liking for the anthropomorphic version of a brand affects brand love.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the price range and the effect of price bundling strategies in three- and five-stars hotels. An online survey was conducted to measure customers' price sensitivity of three- and five-stars hotels. The data were analysed by means of structural equation modelling (SEM). The results show that the restaurant service is more valuable than the massage service in three- and five-stars hotels. Moreover, the results provide information regarding the range of prices for both hotel typologies (higher in five-star-hotel customers). Managers of hotels may use the mixed-leader bundling to increase their sales and improve their revenue, especially in five and three-star hotels. The results also show that customers' price sensitivity is significantly different between the two hotel types. This study adds new knowledge to the existing literature by investigating price sensitivity considering the star rating (three- and five-stars hotels). Moreover, the results provide information regarding the range of prices for both hotel typologies (higher in five-star-hotel customers). Managers of hotels may use the mixed-leader bundling to increase their sales and improve revenue, especially in three- andFive-star hotels.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the effect of corporate governance at the country and firm level, and ownership on banks' risk-taking in the Middle East and North African (MENA) countries. The empirical analysis is based on a panel data set covering the period from 2011 to 2017. The authors use a fixed-effects regression model to analyse the effect of governance at the country and firm level, and ownership on banks' risk taking. The results support the necessity of taking the country-level governance into account because a global framework can act as a substitute for corporate governance at the firm level. Additionally, a policy acting in the interests of shareholders could lead to looser investment rules. In terms of ownership, the authors found that banks with high state ownership or institutional investors' stakes take more risks than their conventional counterparts. Finally, Islamic banks are greater risk takers than conventional banks. This paper contributes to the existing literature in several important ways. As far as the authors know, this is one of the few papers that have shown that corporate governance is relevant, explaining exposure at the country and bank levels in MENA countries. More specifically, the authors consider an index at the firm level, proposed by Lel (2012), to be a measure of shareholder-oriented governance. In addition to the firm-level features of banks, we have also considered country governance, in line with Aggarwal et al. (2011) and Berglof (2011), who explained the importance of considering the interdependence between the "macro" system and its "micro" level. Property rights and the presence of multiple large shareholders like families, institutional investors and institutions are also considered.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior on knowledge transfer between expatriates and host country nationals, bi-directionally, and to identify the mediating role of shared vision in the relationships between cultural intelligence, feedback- seeking behavior and knowledge transfer. Shared vision is chosen because it is a mechanism that embodies the collective goals and aspirations of members in an organization to integrate resources. Data were collected from a sample of expatriates and HCNs working in MNCs in Klang Valley and Greater Kuala Lumpur. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results indicate that cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior significantly influence knowledge transfer between expatriates and HCNs, bi-directionally, and shared vision mediates the relationship between individual factors and knowledge transfer. Shared vision is found to be a mediator in the relationships of cultural intelligence, feedback- seeking behavior, shared vision, knowledge transfer and expatriation. This study is one of the first to empirically examine the influence of cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior on knowledge transfer between expatriates and HCNs, bi-directionally, and to identify the mediating role of shared vision in the relationship between individual and social capital factors and knowledge transfer. This study also contributes to the body of knowledge in the field of knowledge transfer by empirically proving that shared vision is an important mediator in knowledge transfer in the context of developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of various determinants of financial firm's performance, including the CEO's total compensation and age, the size and the age of the firm. Specifically, the authors examine the case of seventy-two insurance companies. This study uses the complexity theory tenets in order to examine possible asymmetrical relationships between antecedents (CEO's compensation and age among others) and the outcome condition (firm's performance). These tenets suggest equifinality, which implies that more than one path can lead to the desired outcome. Furthermore, this study applies contrarian case analysis to shed further light on the asymmetrical relationship among the variables. Moreover, configural analysis is applied, which uses Boolean algebra to find which combinations of simple antecedent lead to a high outcome condition. In addition, a predictive validity test using a holdout sample is performed to check the validity of the findings. The results show that CEO's age, firm size and the age of the firm are the key determinants of firm's performance. Furthermore, the authors find that the asymmetrical relationship between CEO's compensation and firm performance is non-linear. The authors also find that there is a positive and significant relationship between the CEO's total compensation and the firm performance. The contribution lies both in the empirical literature of CEO compensation in general and the key factors of firm performance in financial sector in particular. This is the first study to explore all these factors simultaneously, which allows us to take a broader look regarding the performance of a firm. The vast majority of previous studies apply multiple regression analysis in order to examine firm performance and its determinants, therefore assuming a linear relationship. Another strand in the literature argues that this relationship is non-linear and found various types of asymmetries (Fong et al., 2015; Matousek and Tzeremes, 2016). This study uses the complexity theory tenets inorder to examine possible asymmetrical relationships between antecedents (CEO's compensation and age among others) and the outcome condition (firm's performance).
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the correlation of volatility between indexes of a sample of CEE emerging (Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania and Croatia) and frontier (Croatia, Romania) equity markets through the study of the dynamic conditional correlation (DCC) based on five-dimensional GARCH-BEKK model. The empirical design aims at analyzing the conditional correlations and spillover effects utilizing three models, namely, multivariate GARCH-BEKK, CCC and DCC. The three models are commonly used in previous studies to investigate the volatility spillovers and its connectedness across stock markets, for example, Mohammadi and Tan (2015), Panda and Nanda (2018), Majdoub and Mansour (2014), Kim et al. (2015, Wong (2017), etc. The authors find evidence that the structure of the conditional correlations was statistically significant. Further, modeling the spillover mechanism tremendously boosts the predictability of volatility throughout the region. The persistence of volatility spillover effects is truly remarkable on the time period under study. The findings shed new light into the CEE Area's volatility transmission literature. The estimates stemming from the estimation of the GARCH-BEKK model reveal that all pair countries present strong interconnection and existence of channels of shock propagation within CEE markets during study period. This paper provides a general picture of how the degree of co-movement and the conditional correlation between emerging and frontier markets in CEE region and thus contributes to the existing finance literature and research on equity market integration in the CEE countries.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the non-performing loan (NPL) using a unique sample of 49 high-income countries over a 16-year period. The study uses a unique panel data set of 49 high-income countries over a 16-year period (2001-2016) covering 49 advanced economies. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to evaluate the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the credit risk. The results show that the GDP growth rate (GDPGR), GDP per capita and GNI per capita are the most significant macroeconomic variables that have significant effects on the NPL in the panel of high-income countries. In addition, the study finds that the economic cycle has a significant impact on the credit risk, especially during the recession period. Furthermore, the findings show that economic growth is the most important macroeconomic variable that impacts the financial fragility of the financial institutions. The present study contributes to the literature in four ways. First, the present study is among the limited studies that have applied different economic cycle proxies in a single paper. Second, the study chiefly focuses on the finding the most significant proxy of the economic cycle that impacts the financial fragility. Third, the paper evaluates the impact of the macroeconomic environment on credit risk using a unique sample covering a large number of advanced economies (49 countries) over a much longer period (16 years) than most previous studies. Fourth, the findings link the findings with specific recommendations for formulating effective economic policies to boost employment, employment per capita, GDP per capita and GNI per capita.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the influence of anticipated regret, post-purchase regret and alternative attractiveness on switching intention along with satisfaction in order to contribute further insights into the actual role played by satisfaction in switching decisions when variables related to external reference points are included. Furthermore, the moderating role of service type (utilitarian vs hedonic) is also investigated. An online survey was conducted with a sample of 585 respondents. Structural equation modelling was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that satisfaction is not a necessary and sufficient condition to avoid switching. Instead, anticipated regret, post-purchase regret and alternative attractiveness are the main determinants of switching intention. Furthermore, the results reveal that utilitarian services are more attractive than hedonic services in terms of satisfaction and regret. This study contributes to the literature by providing new insights into the actual role played by satisfaction in switching decisions when variables related to external reference points are included. Furthermore, this study is one of the first to examine the moderating role of service type (utilitarian vs hedonic) on the relationship between satisfaction and switching intention.
The purpose of this paper is to examine to what extent environmental initiatives relating to climate change have been incorporated into organisations' practices in producing products and services and the influence of financial strength and corporate governance structure on the disclosure of information relating to such initiatives among Malaysian public-listed companies. The research process consists in an investigation via content analysis of the annual and sustainability reports of the top 100 public-listed companies for the year 2017 to provide an overview of the climate change initiatives that have been adopted by these companies to produce their products and services, specifically, those relating to greenhouse gas emissions. The information disclosed by these organisations forms the basis of the data collection. The findings indicate that the majority of the Malaysian public-listed companies have adopted initiatives relating to climate change in the production of their goods and services. The findings also indicate that financial strength and corporate governance structure influence the decisions of management to incorporate climate change initiatives in their products and services, as they require substantial resources to implement such initiatives. This study is one of the first to examine the extent to which climate change issues have been incorporated into organisations' practices in producing products and services and the influence of financial strength and corporate governance structure on the disclosure of information relating to climate change initiatives.
The purpose of this paper is to conceptualise concrete ways to create conditions to improve, in particular, the growth and competitive development of micro and small businesses. In the face of the opportunities generated by globalisation, the spread of solutions for the virtualisation of processes and markets and the growing emergence of new needs and aspirations, a solution for that unfortunate reality would be welcomed especially but not only by underdeveloped villages, cities, counties, regions and/or countries. The paper is based on a theoretical framework that includes the concepts of micro and small organisations, cooperation, networks and value chains, value creation and strategy. Although it is a theoretical model, the applied methodological guidelines are explained in the Methodology section. In this way, a strategic integrated development model for LDP is presented. The LDP model may be considered complex, but in a turbulent, complex and fast-changing world, the authors do not believe in simple and easy solutions. This conviction was reinforced with the reviews conducted with respect to the research, because the authors found various situations to consider as well as possible solutions. As a conceptual model, not yet applied and, consequently, not having undergone empirical research, the LDP model is intended to provide a new framework useful to help facilitate the necessary conditions to enhance the economic development of a relevant set of businesses, regardless of whether they are promoted by private and/or public entities.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct the cost-efficiency analysis of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and real estate operating companies (REOCs) in order to find out whether any significant differences between the two firm structures can be observed. The paper uses a cost-efficiency model to analyze the efficiency of REITs and REOCs in Central-Eastern European countries. The analysis is carried out by using a panel data set covering the period from 2000 to 2017. The results show that REITs are more efficient than REOCs, but they are not as efficient as non-REITs. In addition, the authors find that the difference in efficiency between the two types of firms is mainly due to differences in firm structure. The results also show that the efficiency of the REIT system in Central-Eastern European countries is lower than that of the rest of the EU. This is the first study that compares the efficiency of REITs and REOCs in Central-Eastern European countries using a cost-efficiency model. The results of this study can be used as a basis for policy makers and investors to make decisions regarding the implementation of REITS in their countries.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the understanding of the causal chain via which perceived corporate social responsibility (CSR) influences purchase intention and perceived corporate reputation. An online survey was conducted with a sample of 1,000 consumers. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. The results indicate that perceived CSR has a significant indirect effect on purchase intention and perceived reputation. However, the authors did not observe a direct effect, although they did observe an indirect effect when brand image mediated the relationship. The authors also observed that the proposed relationships were consistent with those described in the literature in terms of both direct and indirect effects. This study contributes to the understanding of the causal chain via which perceived CSR influences purchase intention and perceived reputation. It also provides a broad overview that aids our understanding of how these phenomena are interrelated.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework to analyze how brand authenticity (BA) leads to perceived value (PV) and brand trust (BT) on the context of craft beer market. Data were collected through an online survey of craft beer consumers in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. A positive causal relationship was found among all variables in the study, confirming all five hypotheses. Thus, the individual, consistent, and continuous fulfilment of the brand promise is essential for creating and increasing perceptions of authenticity. This is a particularly important revelation in the craft beer market due to an immense number of brands employing very similar marketing strategies, it is increasingly difficult to position a single brand as having high individuality, but the yearning for BA is evident. This is the first study to empirically examine the effects of BA on PV and BT in the context of the craft beer market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine two crucial issues related to the nature of boards in the Indian context. First, it seeks to investigate whether the presence of gray directors on the corporate board has any association with the magnitude of CEO compensation. Second, this paper investigates whether there would be any change in the relationship between board composition and CEO compensation across different ownership categories of Indian companies. The authors use a panel data set of Indian firms for the period of 2005-2014. The authors use ordinary least squares regression analysis to examine the association between the presence of gray directors and the magnitude of CEO compensation across different ownership categories. The results show that the presence of gray directors on corporate boards has no significant association with the magnitude of CEO compensation. However, there is a significant association between the size of the board and CEO compensation among different ownership categories of Indian companies. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study of its kind in the Indian context that has attempted to understand the relationship between the presence of gray directors and the magnitude of CEO compensation across different categories of board composition.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on the influence of corporate governance on business innovation. The ultimate aim is to find out the state of the art in this field and propose future lines for empirical research. The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature from the late 1980s until today, including both Spanish and international journals. The aim is to find out the state of the art in this field. It was found that neither the theory nor the empirical evidence are conclusive for establishing a relation between these variables, because different authors find different results depending on the sample, country or firms studied. Second, no consensus was observed regarding the relation between board composition and innovation, with both positive and negative arguments being found, and empirical evidence not always pointing in the same direction. Although in recent years many researchers have been focusing on this field of study, a consistent explanation still needs to be found for these relations. Also, since the empirical Evidence is not extensive, most prior studies have analyzed the influence on innovation of the degree of ownership concentration or the identity of the main shareholders. This is the first attempt to link the two fields of research by reviewing the literature (from the late 1980s until today, and including both Spanish and international journals). The ultimate aim is to find out the state of the art in this field and thus to propose future lines for empirical research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of family owners who are members of the board of directors to understand the effect of this mechanism on firm performance. The second objective of this study is to shed light on how the generation of the family in charge of the firm affects the relationship between family directorship and firm performance in family SMEs. The study is based on a sample of Spanish family non-listed SMEs listed on the Madrid Stock Exchange. The data were collected from the annual reports of the board of directors of these firms for the period 2005-2016. The authors use a panel data regression model to test the S-shaped hypothesis. The results show that family board ownership has a positive effect on firm performance, and this effect is mediated by the generation of the family members in charge of the board of directors. Moreover, the results indicate that family ownership is positively related to firm performance in family SMEs with a higher percentage of family members on the board. The paper contributes to the literature on the impact of ownership structure on firm performance in the following ways. First, the findings provide a new perspective on the role that family ownership plays in corporate governance as an internal mechanism in family firms. Previous studies have investigated the effect of the degree of family ownership on performance by taking the percentage of shares held by managers who are family members but few have analyzed the Percentage of ownership by the family members of the board. Second, this study expands on the study of family board ownership by examining the influence of family owners who are members of board of directors to understand how this mechanism affects firm performance. The second objective of this study is to shed light on how the generation of the family in charge of the firm affects the family directorship and family firm performance relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the performance of Islamic stock indices with regard to their conventional counterparts, in high financial fragility periods and, especially, during the last global financial crisis (GFC), considering the volatility spillover effects. In addition, this paper attempts to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze their performance. To achieve the objective, the authors first measured the informational efficiency and conditional volatility by a standard standard GARCH (1,1) model, that allows to consider an essential market characteristic, namely, the conditional volatility, which is not constant over time. The authors note that various empirical studies show that the GARCH1 specification performs well to predict the volatility of financial series despite the diversity of conditional volatility models in the literature. In addition, the state space modeling approach is used to analyze the performance of Islamic stock indices in comparison with their conventional counterparts. The results show that Islamic indices outperform their conventional counterparts during the subprime crisis considering the volatility spillover effects. In addition, this paper is an attempt to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze the performance of Islamic indices in comparison with theirventional counterparts. Indeed, the market efficiency is not alone enough for capital budgeting and for the analysis of market performance; market volatility is another main axis because it is straightforwardly related to the degree of risk. The time-varying parameters make it possible to track the dynamics of good and bad news inherent to market factors. This paper is an attempt to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze the performance of Islamic indices in comparison with their conventional counterparts. Indeed, the market efficiency is not alone enough for capital budgeting and for the analysis of market performance; market volatility is another main axis because it is straightforwardly related to the degree of risk.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between leader Machiavellianism and employee silence and the mediating role of relational identification and the moderating effect of psychological distance on this relationship. This study uses a cross-level cross-sectional design and uses a multisource data collection method to test the hypotheses. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 faculty members from four universities in South Korea. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results showed that leader Machiavellianism was positively related to employees' quiescent silence and relational identification, which in turn was positively associated with employee silence. In addition, psychological distance moderated the relationship between leader's Machiavelianism and employee silence via relational identification. The results also showed that psychological distance had a moderating effect on the relationship of leader'sMachiavellia with employee silences. This study is one of the first studies to consider the link between leader Machiavellianism and employees' quiescent silence. The findings could advance our understanding of the processes by which leader's Machiavelianism influences organizational silence.
One of the most discussed and controversial debates within the current literature on graduate employability relates to the quality of students and their lack of soft/transferable skills, essential in today's labor market and necessary to increase individual employability. The purpose of this paper is to describe the main practices of companies to assess and develop soft skills. The study is based on a qualitative research design, involving young graduates directly in the reflection on their employability. Data were collected through an online questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of young graduates from different higher education institutions (HEIs) in Spain. Results show a clear difference between the practices declared by employers and the experiences of young graduates. On one side, companies state they propose to new employees a wide range of opportunities to be trained, to receive feedbacks and to be accompanied by mentors and coaches, while, on the other side, graduates indicate a much lower offer provided by companies. While previous research has predominantly focused on higher education executives and HR managers, this paper's contribution consists in involving young graduates directly in the reflection on their employability and it constitutes a first step to acknowledge the lack of initiatives devoted to soft skills development.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of perceived organizational support (POS) and perceived supervisory support (PSS) on employee deviant workplace behavior (DWB) and the moderating role of cultural value orientations (individualism-collectivism, power distance and paternalism) on these relationships. Data were collected using a questionnaire survey from employees and their supervisors in Turkey. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used for data analysis. The results of this study indicate that a lack of POS, power distance and paternalistic orientation may cause employees to engage in destructive deviant behavior. Supportive PSS with paternalistic and power distance orientation may also cause employee DWB. On the other side, lack of supportive POS with lack of paternalistic orientations may cause deviant behaviors. This study also found that POS and PSS are positively related to DWB, while power distance is negatively related. Through different methodological perspectives, this study extends the previous research by providing evidence that organizational supervisory support influences employees' DWB. With an fsQCA, results show the role of employee PSS, POS and cultural dimension to foster employeeDWB. This study also examines equifinality in POS, P SS, power distance and paternalism configurations with respect to DWB, which has not been examined in previous studies.
The purpose of this paper is to test the relationship between employee brand attractiveness and intention to submit a job application to the organisation. Specifically, the authors test whether brand personality traits affect employer brand (EB) attractiveness for current and potential employees. The empirical study was based on quantitative and qualitative data collected through questionnaires and in-depth interviews with both job candidates and current employees, focusing on one specific case - a financial group, which has a solid global presence and specialises in the provision of financial and banking services. The results obtained in this study indicate that almost all the dimensions of EB attractiveness have an influence on the intention of millennials to apply for a job, with the only exception being economic value. This study contributes to the literature on the relationship between brand attractiveness and the intention to apply for a job, as well as to the understanding of the behaviour of the millennial generation, which has begun to change the work culture of many organisations.
The purpose of this paper is to quantify the divergences in regional growth as a result of sectoral differences, firm size and technological level of new firms generated in the regions. The authors consider both entrepreneurship and firms creation in explaining cross-regional differences in economic growth. For this, a model is specified and estimated in which the TFP of the regions is a function of the business dynamics of each region and its level of entrepreneurship. Likewise, investment in R&D and human capital are included as control variables. The results obtained corroborate that both the entrepreneurial activity and the creation of new firms have a positive effect on the productive efficiency of the regions. In addition, the promotion of knowledge and the stock of human capital and the development of technological innovation act as catalysts that favourably influence overall economic activity and, in particular, productive efficiency. The main contribution is that the authors consider both entrepreneurship and creation of firms in explaining cross-regional differences in economic growth. Moreover, the main novelty of this paper's approach is that it considers different types of entrepreneurial capital in considering productive sector, size and technological level of the new companies.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss and explain the development of additive manufacturing from a power dependence point of view. Additive manufacturing, that is, layer-based technologies for the production of goods, is assumed to change supply chains from global to local, and disrupt operations of several firms along the supply chain. While the technology as such would be destined to create disruption, its various actors create power struggles along a supply chain, increasing uncertainties and complicating the introduction of the technology. This makes it interesting to understand those mechanisms that come into play as such disruption occurs. The empirical part of this paper is collected through a number of seminars focussing on additive manufacturing and including 620 industry representatives of various companies engaging with additive manufacturing along the supply chain (mining firms, steel producers, logistics firms, car manufacturers, package manufacturers, etc.). The empirics from these seminars are presented after the research method and outlined to follow supply chain and power struggles among various parties. The paper shows how various actors fight to build, maintain and defend positions in the supply chain. It shows how they go about to do so, along with the reactive steps taken by other parties, and categorised to shape theoretical understandings for power struggles in a disruptive supply chain, and how they create uncertainty and act-to-survive orientations. The paper contributes to previous research in the following ways: most previous research on additive manufacturing focusses on the technological side of it, while the business side has largely concerned optimisations in production. The descriptions of supply chains related to additive manufacturing tend to focus on home fabrication and thereby omit how additive manufacturing may disrupt, for instance, logistics and prototyping. The power dependence lens is thereby unique to this type of research, while it links to disruption in its creation of uncertainty and act-to-survive orientations. The linking of the empirical phenomenon of additive manufacturing and the theoretical lens of power dependence thereby adds to previous knowledge and does so through the theorising of proactive and reactive balancing and unbalancing attempts of various actors along a disruptive supply chain.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the latest trends in technological solutions and their potential benefits and limitations in intellectual property rights (IPR) management (IPRM). The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. This is followed by a web- based analysis and data retrieval-based evaluation of the current evolution of IPR (LOD) databases. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools. The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools. The results of the state-of-the-art with the available techniques are presented. The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools. The results of the analysis are presented.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the antecedents and consequences of trust in a virtual team leader within the context of a virtual work environment. The research model was developed based on a review of the literature on trust in the leader, the antecedents of trust and the consequences of trust in organizational efficiency. The model was tested using structural equation modeling (SEM). The data were collected from a sample of employees working in a knowledge-based company in Finland. The results show that trust in the leader has a positive effect on organizational efficiency and that this effect is mediated by team members' trust in their team leader. In addition, the results indicate that the relationship between trust and organizational efficiency is stronger in a virtual environment. This study is the first to analyze the antecedents and consequences of trust on a virtual team leader within the context of a virtual work environment.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of human capital (HC) in the link between leadership and organizational learning. Specifically, it is proposed that different leadership styles promote specialist or generalist HC, which in turn lead to different organizational learning (exploitative or explorative learning, respectively). To test the hypotheses, the authors adopted a structural ambidexterity approach, adopting an ambidextrous approach and comparing firms' production and marketing departments. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 managers working in the production and the marketing departments of Spanish firms. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data. The results show that transactional and transformational leaders are able to promote specific and generalist HC, respectively. However, the former relationship was only found in the production departments, and the latter in the marketing departments. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the role of HC in relation to leadership style and the resulting organizational learning, and the relevance of the department as a unit of analysis, adopting an ambidextrous approach and comparing firms' production and marketing departments.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of managers' emotional intelligence (EI) on the adoption of high-performance human resource (HR) practices in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Data were collected through a survey of HR managers of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Portugal. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results show that the HR decision-maker's EI is positively related to the adoption of high-performance HR practices, and that this relationship is moderated by the HR manager's perception about the utility of adopting these practices. The results also show that HR managers with high levels of EI are more likely to adopt these practices than their counterparts. This study is the first to examine the influence of managers' EI on the adoption of high-performance HR practices in SMEs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how human resource management (HRM) professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices. Data were collected through a survey of HR professionals from a sample of companies in the financial services industry. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that HR professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices. In addition, the findings reveal that these contexts have a significant impact on the extent to which HR professionals judge their own practices to be unethical. This is one of the first studies to examine how HR professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and CSR practices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify traits of the most attractive tourism destinations in Spain using a two-step cluster analysis to ascertain the relative importance of natural, cultural, and dual attractions to target consumers. Once identified, promoting attractions that are not sufficiently leveraged will offer important opportunities to the tourism industry in Spain. First, the authors divide the 17 regions into four categories using "high vs low" and "number of total attractions and number of tourist-nights" and use a two-step cluster analysis to attribute the relative importance of the natural, cultural, and dual attractions affecting tourism in Spain. Next, they conduct two different types of cluster analyses to identify the most attractive tourist attractions in each region. The results show that natural attractions are the most important tourist attractions in Spain, followed by cultural and dual attractions. Natural attractions are found to be more important than cultural/historical attractions. Cultural attractions are not as important as natural tourist attractions. This study is one of the first attempts to identify traits of the most attractive tourism destinations in Spain using a two-step cluster analysis to ascertain the relative importance of natural, cultural, and dual attractions to target consumers. Once identified, promoting attractions that are not sufficiently leveraged will offer important opportunities to the tourism industry in Spain.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the subject of intertemporal choice which is of increasing interest within the field of behavioral finance. More specifically, it is devoted to the analysis of several measures of the paradox or anomaly labeled as "time inconsistency." This paper considers the subject of intertemporal choice which is of increasing interest within the field of behavioral finance. More specifically, it is devoted to the analysis of several measures of the paradox or anomaly labeled as "time inconsistency." In effect, many procedures have been proposed to tackle this phenomenon. The aim of this paper is therefore to present all the previously proposed measures of time inconsistency, trying to find the relationships between them. The results of this paper show that the ratio of instantaneous variation introduced by Cruz and Munoz (2001) is the best measure of time inconsistency in intertemporal choice. In addition, it is shown that there is a positive relationship between time inconsistency and impatience. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to present all the previously proposed measures of time inconsistency in intertemporal choice, trying to find the relationships between them. For example, in this paper the well-known measures proposed by Prelec and Rohde (2010) will be considered by using the ratio of instantaneous variation introduced by Cruz and Munoz (2001).
The purpose of this paper is to analyse whether work-life balance (WLB) practices act as a mediator in the relationship between female participation in the workforce and corporate financial performance, in a context where women frequently assume a traditional role and the country's culture does not favour many family-friendly measures. The sample consists of a sample of large companies listed in the Ibex-35 index of the Spanish Stock Exchange (SSE), which represents more than 95 per cent of the total capitalisation for the evolution of this index nationally and internationally. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling. According to the results obtained, the mediating effect is not confirmed because the relationship between WLB practices and profitability cannot be significant for the period studied. In addition, the results show that female participation in the workforce has a positive effect on financial performance. This work helps to understand whether the WLB practices (besides helping to improve the individual perceptions of the workers) can cause a positive effect on final outcomes of the companies, like the financial performance. Increasing profitability through practices derived from human resources management is not a simple objective, since the manager must consider economic, social and cultural changes.
The purpose of this paper is to study the development of the life cycle of a durable consumer product in the Spanish market. The analysis of the product life cycle (PLC) is intensified, differentiating between the customers assisted and sales variables, with the purpose of developing a business decision methodology that allows to distinguish between the uses of both variables. The Bass model is used to analyse the behaviour of the clients assisted and sales variables in the different phases of the product life cycle (PLC) of a durable consumer product in the Spanish market. The analysis of the PLC is intensified, differentiating between the sales and customers assisted variables. The results show that the clients assisted variable is an efficient and consistent substitute for the sales variable in estimations of the PLC phases in the Bass model. This is in line with the results obtained in previous works. The main methodological contribution is the use of the clients assisted variable, which has previously not been studied in this context, in the Bass model. Historically, only the sales variable has been consistently used. The authors consider that this study could be a significant opportunity within the scientific landscape and an ambitious challenge to analyse the influence of the sales and customers assisted variables in the different phases of the product life cycle. The originality of this work lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to use the customers assisted variable for PLC analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation (EO) and three concepts: a firm's entry mode strategy, government affiliation strategy, and performance outcomes. The overarching goal is to determine whether firms that are managed by more entrepreneurial executives will achieve higher levels of success than less entrepreneurial firms. Additionally, the authors will explore if certain entry mode strategies, and government affiliation strategies, could explain this superior success. Data were collected from a sample of US firms operating in Cuba. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. Entrepreneurial orientation (EO) was found to be positively related to entry mode strategies and government affiliation strategies, and performance outcomes. Additionally, the authors found that government affiliation strategy was not significantly related to performance outcomes, while entry mode strategy was positively related. This paper is the first to link EO with entry mode strategies, government affiliation, and performance outcomes in a newly liberalized market which has been seldom studied.
The purpose of this paper is to determine strategic flexibility configurations and subindicators of strategic flexibility, and to examine whether and how these configurations characterize product innovation. The study also investigates the relationship between strategic flexibility and product innovation in qualitative terms. The study is based on a qualitative approach. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with managers from four companies in the automotive industry. The interview data were analyzed by means of content analysis. The results indicate that strategic flexibility configurations related to production and marketing flexibility have a significant role in product innovation. Each functional area has shown different performance in product innovativeness. Only HR flexibility produces no result in a comparison of functional contributions to product innovations. Solution terms for product innovation show that negation of marketing flexibility creates a little more change, in comparison to production flexibility. Findings also show functional areas contribute to strategic performance by advancing innovation related to the third proposition. This research contributes to the literature by examining the effect of three functional areas together, and aims to examine the level of their individual contribution to strategic flexibility configuration. The study also differs from previous ones in the methodology it applies, as it investigates the relationship between strategic flexibility and product innovation in qualitative terms.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how human resource management (HRM) practices affect public sector employees' job satisfaction in a cross-national context and whether these practices are universal. The data were collected using a survey among the non-teaching staff of public universities in Poland and Spain. The data analysis is conducted using SmartPLS3, which fits small samples, and through a multi-group analysis. The results show that perceived organisational support (POS) and perceived managerial support (PSS) have a positive effect on job satisfaction. PSS has a stronger effect on the job satisfaction of public employees in Poland than in Spain. In addition, PSS is positively related to job satisfaction in both countries, but the effect is stronger in Spain than in Poland. The results also show that the relationship between POS and job satisfaction is mediated by PSS. The results provide empirical information useful to policy makers interested in formulating a HR policy that caters to their employees' needs and promotes satisfaction. This study is the first to examine the effect of motivational practices on job satisfaction in a cross-national context.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between institutions and value creation in software development models. In particular, it aims to focus on the role played by intellectual property rights (IPRs) as a source of systematic influence directing individual efforts of discovery and invention. The paper is based on the analysis of software development models (SDMs) developed by the Italian software industry. The authors analyse the influence of the institutional context on the value creation processes of software developers. The paper uses the notion of institutional context to analyse the relationship between the efficacy of typical intellectual property rights (IPRs) and value creation. The results show that firms can design and manage institutional mechanisms strategically, not only to appropriate value, but also to enhance their capacity to create value. In particular, it is shown that firms are able to influence the way in which IPRs are designed to enhance producer-centred innovation processes, while they were not designed to enable user-centre innovation processes. This paper contributes to the literature on the relationship between institutions and value creation in software development models. It is one of the first attempts to analyse the role of institutional contexts in the creation of value in the context of software development.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how radio frequency identification (RFID) and enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems can contribute to supply chain integration as a practice of supply chain management (SCM). This paper presents a conceptual research that encompasses a comprehensive review which links the extant literature pertaining to SCM and ESs to supply chain performance. To do so, according to the relevant logic of a conceptual paper, the definition of SCM, the subsets of ESs, and supply chain integration as a practice ofSCM will be examined in detail. Also, findings from the literature review regarding the impact of RFID and ERP on supply chains will also be identified. RFID and ERP can contribute to supply chain integration in terms of the flow of information. This capability allows supply chain managers to have access to comprehensive information that gives them the ability to understand what is going on at different tiers of the supply chain. Such an opportunity aids managers in making more informed decisions, with enhanced planning and control of processes and activities. Moreover, despite the benefits of ESs, their implementation is often associated with high costs. Therefore, it is critically important that firms conduct deep analyses regarding their internal processes as well as their overall situation with respect to the external environment in order to prevent the waste that can result from ES failure. This paper contributes to existing literature by presenting conceptual research that encompasses a comprehensive review which links the extant literature pertaining to SCM and ESs to supply chain performance. In this regard, this paper is one of the first to provide a conceptual model that links the results of the literature review with the findings of the empirical research.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the association between board size (B-SIZE) and financial and reputational corporate performance, using a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia over the term 2008-2012. This paper uses a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia as listed by MERCO over the term 2008-2012. The data were collected from the annual reports of these companies for the period 2008 to 2012. The regression analysis was used to evaluate the association between B-SIZE and financial and reputational performance. This research found that companies with large boards tend to show higher corporate reputation and lower corporate financial performance (FP) than companies with smaller boards. The evidence presented in this research reveals that the association between financial and reputational performance is not found in the Colombian case. Furthermore, this research shows that firms with smaller Boards tend to be listed in the stock market, assume less risk and deliver the highest financial results. In contrast, firms with large Boards tend not to be Listing in the Stock Market, carry out Exp Exp and show higher financial results and higher reputations. Finally, FBs do not tend to have large boards, are not listed, and are not related to family businesses. This paper contributes to fill a gap in the literature, evaluating the association between B-SIZE and financial and reputational performance, using a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia as listed by MERCO over the term 2008-2012. Moreover, it provides additional insight on both the agency theory and the resource dependence theory on B-IZE, corporate performance and best practices in corporate governance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the innovation and R&D processes of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the ASEAN countries, which are less science, technology and innovation-type due to the current level of technology and size of firms in terms of employees and assets. In doing so, this paper studies innovation by focusing on R& D. This paper employs rigorous statistical analysis, ordered probit analysis, which examines the process by which firms come to achieve innovation under different R&D processes. The firms are categorized into two groups depending on whether they own specific R & D sections or units. The underlying hypotheses are that the R& D group is characterized by the same process as obtained in the authors' previous studies, namely innovations are promoted by technology, human factors, and organizational arrangements. On the other hand, the non-R&D group has a different innovation process due to shortages in human resources, funds, investment, or a low level of technology. The results show that the R&D group is characterized by the same process obtained in the authors' previous studies, namely innovations are promoted by technology, human factors, and organizational arrangements. On the other hand, the non-R&D groups have a different innovation process due to shortages in human resources, funds, or a low level of technology. Based on field research, these firms conduct innovation through the leadership of owners who dominate the firm in terms of technology, ideas, and human factors. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to examine the innovation and R&D processes of SMEs in the ASEAN countries, which are less STI-type due to the current level of technology and size of firms in terms of employees and assets. This paper is also one of the first studies to examine whether there are differences in the performance and conduct of innovation between two types of innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the recent debate on innovation in tourism, proposing a framework that evaluates how the technological components used in a smart tourism destination can improve the tourism experience. The paper is divided into three parts. The literary review emphasizes the importance of the use of technology in tourist destinations classified as smart destinations, justified by the need to confirm them as competitive destinations, by evaluating the tourism experience, based on the need for evaluating the technology use in different moments and situations resulting from the trip, concluding with defining the hypotheses based on these studies. In the research methodology, the choice of Porto as a destination and the methodology of data collection are justified, and the results of the research are presented and discussed. The results of this study show that the use of technology before, during, and after the visit influences the tourism experience. In addition, the results confirm the importance of technology in tourist destinations classified as smart destinations, confirming the need to make them competitive destinations. This paper contributes to the recent debate on innovation in tourism, proposing a framework that evaluates how the technological components used in a smart tourism destination can improve the tourism experience. The results of this study will explain some relationships between the approach of a smart destination and the improvement of the tourist experience.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between perceived destination website quality, attitude toward the destination website and the willingness to participate in online co-creation experiences. Two main and specific objectives have been proposed: identifying the differences between perceived website quality of the destinations examined; and analyzing the role of the perceived destination websites quality on attitude toward them and their willingness to participation in co-created experiences. A comparative model of perceived website quality was developed for two competitor travel destinations: The Balearic Islands and the Canary Islands (Spain). The second part of the study examines the relationship between perceived destination website quality, attitude toward the website and the willingness to participate in online co-creation experiences. This is achieved using structural proceedings. Two main and specific objectives have been proposed: identifying the differences between perceived websites quality of the destinations examined; and analyzing the role of the perceived destination websites quality on attitude toward and willingness toparticipate in co-created experiences. The results indicate that the Canary Islands website obtained significantly greater assessments when compared to that of the Balearic Islands, and for all and each of the dimensions for perceived website quality. These results are explained by the content analysis; the Canary Island website provided users with a higher number of visual impacts (destination images, videos and larger sized web), with interactive areas (co-creation spaces to share travel photos taken at the destination) and updated contents. On the other hand, this is due to the fact that it has a platform where visitors can upload messages simulating that these are written in the sand, photos and travel testimonials. This study proposes the ODW as a pathway to generate brand value by means of online co-creation experiences. In such experiences, users participate in brand promotion by sharing information, ideas and experiences through the official destination website in pursuit of image improvement and desirability toward potential tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical success factors of emblematic hotels in Spain. This is done from the perspective of the guest or consumer, by analysing the direct activities that make up the value chain. The methodology used to carry out the study is based on the analysis of the content of online opinions of the Spanish Tourist Paradors (Network of Spanish Tourists Paradors), which are the most identified entities within the emblematic hotel segment in Spain. The analysis is carried out by analysing the direct activities that make up the value chain, using a methodological case study framework and referencing the Spanish chain that has the most experience in the management of these types of establishments. The results show that the most important factors for the success of the emblematic hotel segment are the following: the number of employees, the quality of the property, the location of the hotel, the type of the building, the price, the atmosphere and the location in a special environment. In addition, it is established that there are other factors that are more important. This work focuses its analysis on an area that is scarcely studied, that of emblematic hotels and from the perspective of the consumer or guest. However, this work focuses on the analysis of critical success factors from the consumer's perspective.
This paper aims to study e-loyalty among young people in the context of destination tourism. The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of certain drivers over which tourist firms can exercise control (website design, quality of service), along with others whose control is relative (firm's image and reputation). A survey was carried out among young people (18-24 years old) in the context of destination tourism. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results show that the formation of e-loyalty among young people in the context of destination tourism is influenced by the following drivers: website design, quality of service, firm image and reputation, image of the destination, website quality, website image and website image, website reputation, website design and website quality. In addition, e-commerce is found to have a significant effect on the formation and consumption of e -loyalism among young consumers. This paper is a new contribution to the online context of tourism destinations providing a better understanding, both theoretically and practically, of the process of forming e-loyalty among young people, responding with it to the needs and concerns of other authors.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the effect of the intensity of use of different social media on destination brand equity; specifically, in the dimensions of brand awareness, image, quality, value and the intention to make WOM and eWOM communication. An empirical study was carried out in a tourist destination in Spain. Data were collected by means of an online survey and analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS). The results show that intensity of social media use significantly influences brand awareness. In turn, awareness has a positive relationship with cognitive and affective image of the brand, brand quality, customer value and the intention to make eWOM. The analysis of the relationship between brand awareness and the image components shows that the information that tourists find on social networks changes the cognitive image, but does not lead to a recommendation to visit the destination. The tourist recommends the tourist destination only if the information received provokes a positive emotion. Consequently, the affectiveimage becomes the most important driver of prediction of consumer behaviour. In addition, the positive relationship between destination quality and customer value has been confirmed. This is the first study that analyses the effect of the intensity of use of different social media on destination brand equity in the context of tourist destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect on price of different cruise industry characteristics from the point of view of actual prices and in accordance with the hedonic price methodology. To develop this research, a database of more than 36,000 prices paid by cruise passengers and different characteristics of ships in 2013 was built. To obtain the results, ten models have been developed with significant adjusted R2 of between 0.85 and 0.93 making the results robust. Ten models have been developed with significant adjusted R2 of between 0.85 and 0.93 making the models and results robust. In fact, prices change depending on the date of departure, the number of days before departure the booking is made, the type of cabin and whether some features or services are offered, such as casinos, cinemas, outdoor swimming pools or all-inclusive. This paper offers a new approach in the academic literature of the cruise industry in two respects. First, in its use of a broad database of actual prices paid by passengers - more than 36,000 observations. Second, in the application of the hedonic pricing methodology widely used in the tourism sector but until now not in the cruising segment.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the interdependent relationships between oil, gold, US dollar and stock markets. The authors try to perform a global analytical insight while pointing to potentially important direct and indirect interactions. They first discuss theoretically the causal bilateral relationships directly and through the effect of other asset prices and then, empirically, the all-party interdependencies through a simultaneous analysis. The authors develop the study in a global framework using international data. Indeed, the authors employ Brent crude oil price, international gold price, broad trade-weighted US dollar index and the world stock market return index as principal data. Other representative data associated with the expected world economic state, monetary policy, financialization of oil markets, and corporate default risk were employed to control for exogenous and indirect effects. The empirical methodology used to meet aims of the study is then a simultaneous equation system which allows studying all these linkages and grants on the possibility of more adequately investigating the complex system of interactions among oil, gold, forex and stock prices. The authors specify an equation to each endogenous variable, which includes the other endogenous variables as exogenous, and other exogenous variables to capture indirect effects to capture direct effects. The main results show significant interactions between oil price, gold rate, USD and stock prices. Indeed, the authors found that oil price is significantly affected by stock markets, gold and trade-weighted USD exchange rate. Oil price is also affected by oil futures price as well as by Chinese oil gross imports. Gold price is concerned by changes in oil,USD and stock markets but slightly depends on US oil imports and default premium. The USD exchange rates are also negatively affected by US consumer price index. The authors note that indirect effects exist which confirm the presence of global interdependencies and the financialization process of commodity markets. This paper differs from similar previous studies in several aspects. First, most of research papers focus on bilateral linkages such as oil price vs stock markets. Second, the authors develop the study in a global framework and use international data. The authors employ Brent crude oil price, international gold price, broad trade-weighted US dollar index and the world stock market return index as principal data. Other representative data associated with the expected world economic state, monetary policy, financialization of oil markets, and corporate default risk were employed to control for exogenous and indirect effects. The empirical methodology used to meet aims of the study is then a simultaneous equation system which allows studying all these linkages and grants on the possibility of more adequately investigating the complex system of interactions among oil, gold, forex and stock prices. This approach allows relying on potential links via other indirect effects which confirm the presence of global interdependencies.
The European Customer Satisfaction Index (ECSI) is one of the well-established models for assessing customer satisfaction (CS) and its antecedents in predicting loyalty. Even though the ECSI model has many variations, the construct of brand strength has not been incorporated in the model. The purpose of this paper is to introduce and investigate brand strength as a potential predictor of loyalty, investigate the role of CS in the brand strength and loyalty, extend the investigation in the grocery store setting and in a market under recession, and use a formative approach to measure the LVs. Data were collected from a sample of grocery retailers in Italy using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses. The results show that brand strength is a significant predictor of loyalty. In addition, customer satisfaction (CS) mediates the relationship between brand strength and loyalty. The results also show that CS has a positive effect on brand strength. The ECSI model is clearly appropriate for the prediction of loyalty in the grocery industry, but it has not been used in markets during recession. Using established models in new contexts and conditions advances the understanding and generalizability of these models.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature about agent-based simulation (ABS) in business and management. Such overview contributes to the establishment of a dialogue among scholars and the consolidation of ABS as a field of research in management and organizational studies. This paper is based on a comprehensive survey of the literature about ABS in management and organizational studies. The authors conducted a systematic review of the ABS literature in business and management to identify the most influential works and the most promising areas for future application. The authors found that ABS has been used to study organizational behavior and manage complexity within organizations and their environments. ABOS proved to have a rich variety of practical and theoretical approaches to management and organizational studies. It supports high-level abstractions aimed at explaining and formalizing organizational dynamics. Further, it gives managers and decision-makers detailed models that can be empirically calibrated to support decision making, prediction and optimization in strategic, tactical or operational scenarios. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of the literature about ABS in business and management. Such overview contributes to the establishment of a dialogue among scholars and consolidation of ABS as a field of research in management and organizational studies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of internationalization (geographic international diversification) and social performance on the reputation of multinational companies (MNCs) in a transnational context. The authors use a sample of 113 US MNCs in the chemical, energy and industrial machinery sectors during the period 2005-2010. The authors use structural equation modelling to test the research hypotheses. The results show that the MNCs with the highest levels of social performance that can fulfil the expectations of stakeholders in both local and global contexts obtain a better reputation, as their stakeholders come to see them as responsible, consistent organizational entities. The results also support the relationship between geographic international diversification and reputation through the mediating role ofsocial performance. This study contributes to the literature in three ways. First, it incorporates literature on internationalization to study the possible connection between geographic international diversification and social performance. Second, it sheds light on the debate between CSR and the reputation of MNCs in a very diverse transnational context in which they must meet the needs of stakeholders at both local and global levels. Third, it integrates the mediating role of social performance in the relationship between internationalization and the firm's reputation. Prior studies have hardly analyzed this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to use the tools provided by social network analysis (SNA) to achieve instruments that help to identify the different network structures in online social networks and within these the influential actors from a marketing perspective. A method to detect individuals with the potential to efficiently spread a message in relation to the rest of the community based on SNA, particularly a combination of centrality metrics, is proposed. The proposed method is applied to a real online community with the objective of detecting actors with potential influence. This selection is then analyzed by variety of tests to determine the effectiveness of the proposed model. Several metrics, sentiment analysis and simulation techniques were applied. The proposed method was tested on a real social network and the results show that the proposed model is effective to detect actors with potential to efficiently spread a message, gaining influence from their position within the network. The analysis of social networks in general and the proposed method in particular are useful to detect subgroups of components of a social network with particular characteristics that are not evident from other types of analysis. The proposed method may be particularly useful for marketing and digital marketing managers by facilitating the detection of prominent actors within a social network, with the advantage that it is a simple but powerful method for viewing, analyzing and communicating findings. Knowing the influential potentials can generate savings and advantages in regular marketing department practices as market research activities, product launches, direct marketing and public relations campaigns among others.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a better understanding of the concept of corporate social irresponsibility (CSIR) through literature review focussing, further, on its relationship with corporate social responsibility (CSR) and to propose new lines of research. The authors carried out a systematic review of the academic literature on CSIR from its inception to the present, allowing those interested in this topic to understand the current status of the literature on the concept, and the authors try to narrow the existing gap in the literature, providing a more precise definition of CSIR and proposing new lines of research. The review shows that the concept of CSIR is still in its infancy in the academic literature and that there is a lack of consensus on its definition. The paper provides a definition of the concept based on the main perspectives of those who have studied it, emphasizing the aspects that help us to define socially irresponsible behaviour and its relation to socially responsible behaviour. This paper contributes to the academic literature in the following ways: first, by carrying out a systematic review of the literature that allows us to analyse what CSIR is. This review will lead us to highlight the main perspectives of those who have studied it, emphasizing the aspects that help us define socially irresponsible behaviour and its relation to socially responsible behaviour and, second, establishing the implications of the definition of CSIR at the corporate level leads towards future lines of investigation such as the antecedents, consequences or mechanisms of control of socially irresponsible behaviours.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role that the sociocultural, family and university environment play in the entrepreneurial intention of young people in the Canary Islands region. This region is characterized as peripheral from the point of view of innovation, following the typology of Asheim et al. (2011). Based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB), this paper adopts an integrative perspective of the entrepreneurial process, according to the GUESSS project model, to analyze the role that the sociocultural, family and university environment play in the entrepreneurial intention of young people in the Canary Islands region. This region is characterized as peripheral from the point of view of innovation, following the typology of Asheim et al. (2011). This paper analyzes in a sample of university students from the Canarian archipelago. New evidence is presented about the positive influence on entrepreneurial intention of university students of dimensions such as the university and sociocultural context of a region, considered peripheral from the point of view of innovation, according to the typology of Asheim et al. (2011). The main contribution of this paper is to analyze the extent to which the university, social and family context, as well as the psychological factors of a peripheral region, affect the entrepreneurial intention of its population. This intention is especially important among the younger population segment, who have greater innovative potential, as in the case of a university population. Therefore, this segment would be the key to transforming innovation into productive dynamics.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the strategies employed by the research technology organizations (RTOs) of the Valencian Community and the Basque Country to adapt to their environments, identify barriers encountered and best practices carried out that suit them and be more competitive. The research examined the relation between the variables that make up the proposed theoretical model. An analytical framework of RTOs is developed, where a review is carried out of the academic literature that has studied this phenomenon in order to identify the variables that support the analysis and subsequent proposal of a model that explains the relation between them. A model and research hypotheses are discussed. And in the third part, the methodology used is described. The analysis shows that context variables, such as the technological environment and the competitiveness of the market, the type of funding, their innovation strategy, the level of relation with other agents of innovation and barriers found to transfer knowledge and technology to the SMEs, affect the efficiency of the RTOs, measured by their innovative performance. The proposed model, supported empirically, shows a contingent relation between technological environment, the innovation strategy and the organizational structure, in accordance with the proposals by Burns and Stalker, Gordon et al. (2000), Khandwalla (1972) and Terreberry (1968). This paper proposes a holistic and dynamic vision which provides a global overview of the RTOs considering all the strategic aspects and the industrial policy issues that so far have been managed in a fragmented way in those investigations, and the historical review of the concerned literature to the R TOs which has not been published until now. It can be seen in some articles, as a vision of the impact of globalization on the RTCs.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the attraction factors of shopping centers integrating a factor denominated herein as design perception and the eco-natural environment as a dependent variable in a structural equation model. A questionnaire was used to collect data from the customers of shopping centers located in the city of Bogota, Colombia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the structural equation model indicate that design perception and eco-natural environment have a positive effect on the intention to visit. In addition, the eco- natural environment has a positive influence on the perception of the design of the shopping center. The results also indicate that the design perception has a direct effect on intention to Visit. The originality of this study lies in two aspects: the design and eco-natural environment proposal as an attraction factor of shopping centers; and the consideration of statistical relations between the attraction factors and the intention to visit as a dependent variable in a complete structural equation model.
The purpose of this paper is to study the optimization of the geographical locations of a network of points of sale, so that each retailer can have access to a potential geographic market. To this end, the authors study the actual journeys of 64,740 car buyers and the number of points and their locations. For this, the authors study the actual journeys of 64,740 car buyers, and the number of points of sale and their locations are optimized. GIS is used to find the optimum local and optimum overall locations in the network. The results show that the distance variable has a significant impact on the commercial viability of a point of sale and a network of points of sale. The best location of each point (local optimum) is always the best location for the entire network (global optimum). In addition, the correlation between the optimum local and optimum overall locations in a commercial network is analysed. The main contribution of this paper is the use of real journey information to evaluate the location of a network of points of sale. While most studies use statistical estimates of buyer journeys, this research also provides an analysis of the correlation between the optimum local and optimum overall locations in a commercial network. This paper is a pioneer in the application of these models in the industry and in the territorial area of study.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of the confirmation of motivations on the pre- and post-visit change of the image of a tourist destination, taking into account the possibility that there is a gap between the image held before and after the visit. In order to test the proposed model, a survey was carried out among tourists who had visited a tourist destination in Turkey. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results show that the pre-visit image of a tourist destination has a positive influence on the affective image of the destination, while the post-visIT image has a negative influence. In addition, the positive effect of the image before the trip is stronger than that after the trip, and the negative effect is stronger for repeat visitors than for first-time visitors. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the image after the visit and the satisfaction of the tourist. This study contributes to the literature by providing new insights into the factors that influence the pre- and post-visit change of the image of a tourist destination. In addition, it is one of the first studies that empirically verifies the influence of the confirmation of motivations on the gap between the image held before and after the visit.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relative effects of tangible and intangible resources (TR and IR) and capabilities on firm performance in the context of resource-based view. Data were collected from the Turkish business databases and analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) approach. The results show that TR and IR are the most important determinants of firm performance. However, the capabilities play a significant role in explaining market performance. In addition, the results indicate that the capabilities have a stronger impact on market performance than TR. Moreover, the findings show that the relative effects of TR and capabilities on firm performance are significantly different among firms. Against the main prescription of resource-based view (RBV) which points IRs as the most likely sources of competitive advantage and theorises that TRs offer no or very limited contribution to overall firm performance, little empirical evidence within the RBV stream exists to falsify the claim. To be able to test the truthiness of this claim, TR and IR should be used together in the same analysis. Moreover, resources are not productive on their own and it is the capabilities that assemble, integrate and manage the bundles of resources (Teece, 2007; Maritan and Peteraf, 2011). Hence, any research that aims totest the effects of resources on firm performance should include capabilities as well as TR andIR in the analysis.
Business failure (BF) is a constant in today's business world, being considered an essential and significant part of new business ventures. Although many consider failure a pathway to success due to it being a learning experience, there is a lack of research dealing explicitly with prior failure as a condition for success or other considerations that reflect long-term orientations for the individual. This paper aims to contribute to the scarce empirical research on the outcomes of BF for individuals. The paper employs the Interpretative Phenomenological Approach (Smith and Osborn, 2007), using a set of six case studies of selected entrepreneurs from several countries. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the selected entrepreneurs. The evidence gathered shows that previous failure impacts on individuals strongly. Such an impact appears to be conditioned by the individuals' experience and age, and their perception of blame within the failure. However, for these particular individuals, it does not appear to be affected by the size of the project or the amount of financial loss. Moreover, certain antecedents, specifically, the involvement of institutions in the failure and the perception of the failure, appear to have no impact on the individual's future business success. This paper contributes to the scarce empirical research on the outcomes of BF for individuals by developing insights into the consequences of BF and the reasons/conditions that enable entrepreneurs to succeed or otherwise hamper their success after a BF. The pertinence of the study of failure is widely asserted, as are the benefits that emerge from such an experiences. The authors also believe that successful business leaders are not born successful but rather fail continually until they achieve success - a concept that could prove useful to institutions and aspiring entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the moderating effect of responsibilities of individuals outside of the work environment on the relation between telework and work-family and family-work conflicts. The study also analyzed if the level of control over teleworkers exercised by supervisors affected the relation of telework with worker performance. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 teleworkers and their supervisors, and the results were analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results obtained showed that teleworkers with a higher level of responsibilities outside of the work environment have a higher FIW, contrary to findings by Shockley and Allen (2007). The results also showed that control of teleworkers by supervisors did not moderate the relation between telework and individual performance. The present study is the first to analyze the moderating effect of responsibilities of individuals outside of the work environment on the relation between telework and work-family and family-work conflicts. It also analyzes whether control of teleworkers by supervisors moderates the relation of telework to performance.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework that explains why and under what conditions workplace ostracism undermines employees' performance. The pragmatic impact is conceptualized as a condition buffering the negative link between ostracized individuals' lack of access to task-related resources, power, and opportunity and their negative performance outcomes. This study is based on a cross-sectional survey of employees of a large public sector organization in the USA. The authors collected data from a sample of 441 employees and used structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses. The results show that ostracism has a negative impact on employee performance and that the negative impact is mediated by the lack of access to empowerment structures (i.e. access to opportunity and access to power through information, resources and support) and relational links to individuals in others groups and/or in higher organizational levels. This study contributes to the understanding of how workplace ostracism relates to employee performance by extending the search to include the mediating mechanisms that underlie these relationships. The pragmatic impact or the lack of access to access to power and access to opportunity is conceptualized as a condition buffering the negative link between ostracized individuals and empowerment structures.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of a firm's knowledge identification capability as a mediating variable, i.e. as an outcome of structural social capital, for the development of an optimal external knowledge acquisition process. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of Spanish biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results show that a firm's knowledge identification capability mediates the relationship between structural social capital and external knowledge acquisition. In addition, the authors show that the development of "strong" links with agents in a network is an essential determinant of the firm's background which will enable it to identify new and valuable knowledge. This paper contributes to the KM and social capital literature through the study of two key determinants of knowledge acquisition - structural social capital and knowledge identification capability - and the clarification of their mutual influence.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence the board characteristics of corporate governance measures has on the financial performance of Indian manufacturing industries. The study aims to explore this relationship empirically with the use of board size, board independence and board meeting. A sample of 275 industries across 18 different sectors was cross-sectionally analyzed with the help of Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression method. The data were collected from the annual reports of Indian manufacturing firms listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange. From the study, it can be said that "leverage," "age," "growth" and "board meetings" seem not to be statistically important and they do not influence the profitability of the manufacturing firms in India, whereas "board size, board independence, CEO duality and size of board" are important variables for determining manufacturing firms' performance (ROA, ROE and Tobins Q) in India. This study is one of the first of its kind to investigate the influence of board characteristics of corporate governance measures on the financial performance of Indian manufacturing industries. This study is also the first to examine the relationship between board characteristics and firm performance in India.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a scale for measuring intrapreneurial competencies in the Costa Rican context. A quantitative approach was used to develop and validate a measurement scale for intrapreneurial competencies. Data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to a sample of 1,000 employees from different industries in Costa Rica. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was employed to analyze the data collected. This study provides evidence of five sub-dimensions of employee attributes that constitute a higher-level construct called intrapreneurial competencies. The first of these contains characteristics relating to the ability to ask questions about the organization's endeavors because doing so may be an input to detect opportunities that, coupled with the able to turn them into manageable initiatives, contribute to creating opportunities for the company. Attributes such as diligence are added to the above to take advantage of these opportunities and to promote enthusiasm in their execution. This study contributes to research on understanding intrapreneurial profiles, along the lines of competency analysis, developing a measuring instrument while following best practices for the development of assessment tools. Moreover, it addresses the weakness or gap indicated by Slavec and Drnovsek (2012) concerning the small emphasis that the field of entrepreneurship has placed on development of valid measures.
The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to propose a simple tractable way to study analytically how the level of resources increases when a city grows in terms of the number of boroughs; and second, to obtain explanations about a real fact: those economic funds for public transport grow in a greater proportion in comparison to the growth of Boroughs. In the literature, this topic has not been considered in depth. For that purpose, a model is proposed and solved analytically, while providing the intuition through the use of graphs. The results show that there is a positive relationship between the number of boroughs and the level of resources allocated for public transport services and the size of the city. In addition, it is shown that the amount of public transport subsidies allocated to each borough increases in a greater proportion in comparison to the growth of the boroughs. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes a simple and tractable way to study analytically how the level of resources increases when a city grows in size.
The purpose of this paper is to examine to what extent firms cooperate with external actors in the field of technological innovation, and if so, with what type of cooperation partner, paying special attention to the role that the size of the firms may be playing. The authors also analyse the factors that turn out to have a determining effect on the decision of firms to carry out such collaborative activities in R&D. To this end, the authors use data provided by the Technological Innovation Panel (PITEC), using the surveys of 2010 and 2013 for firms in the automotive industry. The authors estimate a bivariate probit model that takes into account the two types of cooperation mostly used in such an industry, vertical and institutional, explicitly considering the interdependencies that may arise in the simultaneous choice of both. The results show that firms in the automotive industry are more likely to cooperate with external actors in the field of R&D when they are larger and when they collaborate with different types of partners at a time. The results also show that the size of the firm has a significant effect on the decision to cooperate not only with customers and suppliers but also with other types of cooperation partners. This study contributes to the understanding of the motivations of the automotive industry for engaging in R&D cooperation agreements in two ways. First, it examines to what extent firms cooperate with external actors in the field of technological innovation, and, if so, with what type of cooperation partner, paying special attention to the role that the size of the firms may be playing. Second, it analyses the factors that turn out to have a determining effect on the decision of firms to carry out such collaborative activities. Specifically, it study how the firm's size may affect not only the decision to cooperate but also with which type of partner, while controlling for other determinants that have been considered in the literature as the main drivers of collaborative activities inR&D.
This paper outlines how an investigation into the impact of work-based learning incorporated a creative exploration of learners' experience. It notes the journey taken to the creation of play scripts, one for each participant in the research; considers how such an approach challenged the researcher's assumptions about appropriate ways to deal with data, taking her into an unanticipated Thirdspace (Soja, 1996); and argues that such creative experiences can be useful for work- based learning and work applied management. An open narrative approach to data collection, in which control of research discussion content was intended to lie with participants rather than researcher, was complemented by a creative representation of aspects of the analysis through the creation of play scripts, one for each participant in the research. An open narrative approach to data collection, in which control of research discussion content was intended to lie with participants rather than researcher, was complemented by a creative representation of aspects of the analysis through creation of play scripts, as outlined and illustrated below. The creative process deepened awareness and understanding of each participant's experience, and prompted consideration of the value of liminality to the workplace, when one seeks to challenge and re-imagine practice. This paper offers an example of how research into work-based learning experience can be presented in unusual, accessible and interesting ways. It also suggests some strategies which can support creativity in research and in the workplace. They include communicating and collaborating across boundaries; creating space for exploration; revisiting, reviewing and revising; setting an endpoint and parameters with which to work.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of professional artefacts within a final work-based project from an undergraduate professional practice in arts programme in the UK. The professional artefact represents one coursework element within a 60-credit negotiated work-Based Project-based Learning module. This paper explores the use of professional artefacts within a final work-based project from an undergraduate professional practice in arts programme in the UK. The professional artefact represents one coursework element within a 60-credit negotiated work-Based Project-based Learning module. In this research, participants who had graduated from the programme (now revalidated in a new faculty) discussed the meaning of the professional arte Fact using their own viewpoints and experiences. Their responses are then considered as a way to explore the impact of the artefact on their experience of the project and the professional practice curriculum. The findings indicate transformative learning is a possible outcome for students enabling flexible practice by crossing boundaries (Mezirow, 1991) and boundary-spanning between university studies and the work context. The framing of the artefact within the professional setting clearly created lasting impressions for the graduates. The findings provide particular insight into the use of the creative professional artefact as a part of the work-based project curriculum. The findings indicate transformative learning is a possible outcome for students enabling flexible practice by crossing boundaries and boundary-spanning between university studies and the work context. The framing of the artefact within the professional setting clearly created lasting impressions for the graduates interviewed.
Collaboration and psychological safety are key factors to effective teams. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the experience of participating in a LEGO(r) Serious Play(r)-based awayday on team cohesion, collaboration and the psychological safety of the participants. The LSP method was developed in the mid-1990s by Johan Roos and Bart Victor (Roos and Victor, 2018). It is a facilitated meeting, communication and problem-solving process in which participants are led through a series of open questions, probing deeper into the subject. Each participant builds their own 3D model in response to the facilitator's questions using specially selected LEGO(r) pieces. Participants build metaphorical models representing their ideas or experience, with the models serving as the basis for group discussion, sharing knowledge, problem solving and decision-making, as opposed to responding with words as in a traditional coaching conversation. The LSP awayday was found to have a positive impact on team cohesion, collaboration and psychological safety of the participants. It was also found that there was a significant increase in team cohesion and collaboration after participating in the awayday. This is the first study to investigate the impact of a LSP awayday on team cohesion, collaboration and psychological safety in an organisational setting using a coaching approach.
The goal of this study was to examine which conditions stimulate successful collaboration with creative professionals in crossovers (collaboration of creative professionals with companies). This study is based on a qualitative case study of CoCreaCo (collaboration of creative professionals with companies) in which creative professionals (artists and designers) and organizations cooperate in multidisciplinary collaboration. In total, 4-5 cases of cooperation between an organization and creative professionals were identified and analyzed. The results show that CoCreaCo (collaboration of creative professionals with companies) can be explained by six concepts of determinants, which are briefing, qualities of the creative professionals, organizational qualities, organizational factors, common ground, creative professionals' independence and their ability to capture observations and reflect on them and the organization's role by informing employees and organizing work. This study offers some new initial insights into the antecedents for this type of crossover. The respondents, which included both creative professionals and organizations, are all very satisfied with their collaboration. Also 100% of respondents on both sides will consider this kind of cooperation in the future.
How do managers translate innovative ideas into real-world practice? Addressing this question poses challenges for managers tasked with reform of public sector services. This study aims to contribute to debates about "the aesthetic turn in turn in leadership development" (Schedlitzki et al., 2015, p 413), in particular those related to healthcare project management and delivering innovation. The study is based on semi-structured in-depth interviews with 20 healthcare managers and architects from a range of public sector organisations in the UK. The findings suggest that architectural design as a form of work-based learning has considerable potential as a focus of initial learning about creativity for those leading and managing in a different field of practice, provided that it is strongly linked to theory and practice in the workplace. Architectural design may show similar potential when combined with working knowledge and practice. This study contributes to debates about "the aesthetic turn in turn in leadership development" (Schedlitzki et al., 2015, p 413), in particular those related to healthcare project management and innovation. Within the limitations of its observational method and scope, its findings suggest that architectural design has considerable potential as a focus of initial learning about work-based creativity for those leading and managing in a different field of practice, provided that it is strongly linked to theory and practice in the workplace.
This paper reviews the latest solutions in extended realities and illustrates how ideation, concepting and co-creation can be an efficient, enriching experience for learners and professionals. It points out the possible advantages and practicability of co-creating using extended reality technologies through a real-life example of the ideation and concepting stage using traditional and VR methods. This paper reviews the latest solutions in extended realities and illustrates how ideation, concepting and co-creation can be an efficient, enriching experience for learners and professionals. It points out the possible advantages and practicability of co-creating using XR through a real-life example of the ideation and concepting stage using traditional and VR methods. The authors found no other digital platform capable of offering an almost lifelike immersive environment/experience of working in the same space, sharing ideas while simultaneously making changes to a virtual 3D object. Co-creation within VR simulates an open space, which liberates one from the confinements of the two-dimensional digital screen, offering the freedom of space to express, explore and innovate. Traditional methods of concepting and validation have been time-consuming and costly, while immersive virtual environments offer users the opportunity of asynchronous contribution without the limitation of geographic location or technical expertise. This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the role of co-creation tools in the design process using extended reality technologies. It provides an insight into how ideation and concepting could be effectively combined with co-creating tools and thus exploited by learners and professionals within the creative industry.
The following study attempts to understand the barriers and difficulties educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment. Two major aims were proposed: to identify perceptions of teachers about pitfalls and barriers, which may arise in higher education, when students must develop learning activities in which creative thinking through artistic disciplines is required; and to explore ways of minimising the potential reluctance of education students when engaging with creative practices. This paper is based on a case study of teachers' and students' perceptions on creative process assessments in higher education (HE). Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers and students in two HE courses in music education and visual arts education. Data were analysed using thematic analysis. The findings of the study suggest that teachers and students perceive creativity as a constraint-process experience, and that there are barriers and difficulties that educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment. This paper contributes to the understanding of the barriers and difficulties educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment. Two major aims were proposed: to identify perceptions of teachers about pitfalls and barriers, which may arise in HE, when students must develop learning activities in which creative thinking through artistic disciplines is required. To explore ways of minimising the potential reluctance of education students when engaging with creative practices.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of 3D printing on supply chain management and work-applied management. The development of additive manufacturing is predicted to have a great future. But will it revolutionize the future in the production plants or is it simply a new process beside the conventional chipping and chipless processes? Much will depend on the technical and procedural developments. And still more interesting, how will additive manufacturing change cooperation, business models and global footprint of firms in industry and commerce? The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the application of 3D printing in the German automotive industry. The case studies are based on interviews with experts in the field. The development of 3D printing performance always precedes changes in SC architecture. For this reason, the speed of the migration of the supply chain will significantly be linked to the sequence of technical developments in additive manufacturing. Hence, the development becomes an essential driver for the conversion and speed of supply chain transformations. Even if a single challenge turns out to be insurmountable, others will be solved. The result is a continuous reduction and streamlining of supply chains and the work-applied management. Additive manufacturing is not new. The widespread use still fails today due to technological problems that are relevant for some applications and also, in some cases, due to still too high production times. Today, however, production technology already has advantages in particular individual order production, such as prototype production. Dependent on the technological development of 3D printing, hybrid characteristics may arise until meeting the desired technological and industry-specific requirements. This means that products are processed using conventional molding processes and gain additional functions and properties through the use of additive processes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges that middle leaders experience in recognising emotions as a result of the task-orientated nature of being a middle leader. The authors conducted a series of focus group interviews with middle leaders in higher education in order to explore the challenges that they face in recognising emotions. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling. The results indicate that the task-orientated nature of the middle leadership role has a significant impact on the ability of middle leaders to recognise emotions. This is compounded by the human brain's ability to switch on and off processing functions depending on the whether task- or relationship-orientation activities are being undertaken. This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the challenges that middle leaders experience in recognising emotions, which are compounded by the disposition of the middle leadership role. This paper proposes that middle leadership should make a conscious effort to function in the DMN mode, which could be achieved by coaching.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the occurrence, experience and outcomes of mentoring in e-internships. The paper aims to explore the following two research questions. First, to what extent do e- Interns have access to mentoring during their e-Internships? And second, does this mentoring contribute to their skill development? A total of 107 e-interns completed a self-administered questionnaire, which included questions about the extent to which they were mentored, the type of mentoring they received and their satisfaction with the mentoring received. Two-thirds of e-interns (107) reported that they were supported by mentors who facilitated their professional development, growth and provided varying degrees of help. Furthermore, more than half of the interns - whether mentored or not - reported skills gains which were also noted as outcomes in traditional internships. This is the first study to examine mentoring in e-internships. The findings suggest that mentoring can be an important pillar of support for e-Interns, similar to traditional internships. Furthermore, mentoring may also contribute to skill development.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a new approach to developing 21st century leaders, called Transpersonal Leaders. The authors call this new approach Transpersonal Leadership (TL). This paper is based on a combination of best practice, sourced research, in situ evidence-based research and personal experiences. The authors have developed a series of fully codified programmes that are easily modularised and replicable. As a result, experienced coaches, facilitators, lecturers and trainers can be trained and taught to deliver these programmes. Transpersonal Leaders are leaders who are more self-aware, emotionally intelligent and who can use a variety of leadership styles for different situations. They need all these attributes to be able to build a performance-enhancing culture in their organisations. But in addition to that in order to create a culture that is also ethical, caring and sustainable, they need to bring their values to a higher level of consciousness. They must think radically, be authentic, lead beyond their ego and work for all the stakeholders of the organisation - and that includes the planet. We call them Transpersonal Leaders. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it describes a complete new process for developing 21st century leaders, a process that has been developed over 20 years using a combination of best practice, sourced research, in situ evidence-based research and personal experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the meaning and relevance of the three main themes examined by this paper--work, resilience and sustainability--have been conceived variously within the published literature and, in many cases, are ambiguous or even disputed. For example, debate persists about whether housework is 'work' and whether resilience is a trait, process or phenomenon. This is a conceptual paper that draws on the literature on work, resilience and sustainability to develop a conceptual model of work-related problems (WRPs) and sustainable futures. It also draws on work-based learning (WBL) theory to develop an agenda for future research. The authors argue that by researching and addressing WRPs, an organisation or a community can become more resilient as a result of evidence-based problem solving, which, in turn, will lead to a more sustainable future for the beneficiaries. This is the first paper to propose that work-based research can be used to identify solutions to work-related problems (WRPs) with the goal of identifying solutions to problems and applying these to make individuals, organisations and, ultimately, society itself, more resilient.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between institutions, organisational work-life balance (WLB) policies and practices, and challenges faced by Nigerian female employees. The study is qualitative and exploratory. Semi-structured interviews with 25 interviewees involving male and female Nigerian employees in two organizations were used. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings reveal that institutions shape WLB policies, practices, and challenges for Nigerian female employees. The findings also reveal that WLB practices and challenges are influenced by institutional factors, such as gender, age, marital status, and work-family conflict. This study contributes to the literature by relying on an institution-based approach to explore institutional factors shaping WLB in Nigeria. It is hoped that this approach will "guide the development of career management theory and practice" and WLB conceptualization.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which sub-Saharan African human resource managers face cultural and political dilemmas in their daily practice. To what extent are there attempts to counter particularistic practices deemed opposed to universalistic practices? A qualitative research design was adopted. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with HRM managers from Nigeria, Ethiopia, Kenya, South Africa, Ghana and Uganda. The findings suggest that African HRM practices are characterised by a high degree of collectivism and a high level of particularism. This is due to the fact that African managers are exposed to global universalistic practices in their daily practice. However, there are attempts to counter particularistic practices deemed opposed to universalistic ones. The paper contributes to the literature on African HRM by providing an in-depth analysis of the challenges faced by African human resource managers in their daily practice. The findings of this paper are of value to HRM scholars, practitioners and policy makers alike.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles (or iterative processes) and the success of innovation management. This study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with a sample of senior managers of a manufacturing firm. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) method. The results show that the proposed integrative approach can be used as a basis for a better understanding of the relationship between innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles, and thus, for the development of a more effective and sustainable innovation process. This study contributes to the innovation management literature by proposing an integrative approach to the study of innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles. The proposed approach is based on a holistic view of the innovation process and its antecedents and consequences.
Evidence-Based Policing (EBP) is broadly based on the ideas of Sherman (1998) who suggests that rigorous scientific evaluations should inform and underpin decisions made by police practitioners within the workplace. The purpose of this paper is to provide a view on the development of EBP within the police service, with a view to its adoption within the organization. This paper is based on a review of the literature on evidence-based policing (EBP) within the police service in the United Kingdom (UK). Evidence-Based Policing (EBP) is an approach to policing that is underpinned by rigor, utilizing the "best evidence available" approach. It must be adopted as a philosophy rather than a tactic, as police are under pressure to deal with a large number of calls received, being able to adapt on a case by case basis. The adoption of EBP can strengthen police accountability to the public and those agencies charged with governance responsibility for the service, leading to greater transparency, legitimacy, and accountability in professional practice, ultimately strengthening police-public relationships and enhancing the democratic policing model. As the entry routes to policing across England and Wales change to encompass education at degree level for new constables, it is clear that in order for the police service to be recognized as the profession to which it aspires, it requires the evolution of a body of evidence-based knowledge to underpin the profession, similar to those which already exist in medicine and theology. The adoption of such an EBP approach will further enhance the ability of the police services to support the United Nations international sustainable development goal 16 of providing access to justice and strengthen institutional abilities to deliver effective services to the public.
Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship. Both the curriculum and Amazing People School resources provide these opportunities and nurture this positive attitudes to continuing development through the utilisation of personal strengths and characteristics to encourage confident, ethically informed future global citizens. This paper is based on a case study of Amazing People Schools and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. The paper provides an overview of the development of the curriculum and the Amazing People School approach to character development. Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship. Both the curriculum and Amazing People School resources provide these opportunities and nurture this positive attitudes to continuing development through the utilisation of personal strengths and characteristics to encourage confident, ethically informed future global citizens. Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature of work-related problems in relation to work-based learning (WBL) and its impact on contemporary workplaces and domains of practice. The paper argues that WBL is not simply a pedagogical approach to learning but a philosophical approach that characterises how learners develop their knowledge to participate effectively and democratically in a civil society. This is a conceptual paper that draws on the work-based learning (WBL) literature on work-related "problems" to explore the nature of these problems. The paper draws on a case study of a WBL project in a large public sector organisation in the UK. Work-related problems are messy, messy, co-produced and wicked. They are complex, ill-defined, difficult to describe and thus not easily rectified (the non-standard academic view of problem solving). They are of greater human concern than the standard academic view which considers them to be relatively unimportant to individuals or society however great their technical merit, and they defy technical solutions but are of more human concern. This paper contributes to the understanding of the nature of work-related problems as messy, co-produced and wicked. It also offers a new perspective on WBL as an approach to problem-solving.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on successful implementation of business intelligence (BI) with particular regard for factors of implementation success with the aim of identifying which factors may have a bearing upon successful implementation. A systematic literature review has been carried out on the subject of successful implementation of BI. A total of thirty-eight papers have been selected for the review. The selected papers were selected through a search of databases and journals through the use of key terms that have been identified within a preliminary review of literature. In order to identify how important each of the factors is, there will be an analysis of frequency for the factors. The review of the literature with regard to BI implementation shows that in lots of cases, the factors of implementation put forward are based upon review of a limited case study example or literature already published. Previous research does not provide clear guidance in relation to which factors of adoption ought to be adopted however, because of inconsistencies and the nature of relationships for BI success dimensions. This research has brought a degree of clarity on the topic and offers useful contributions from and guidelines from and to the literature for both researchers and managers alike. The research output has the potential of helping researchers in the future in the clearer identification of studies from the review of literature relevant to their research.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the approach taken to supporting and developing standards of written communication within the workplace by work-based learners. Recent media reports have highlighted that in his new role as Leader of the House of Commons, Mr Jacob Rees-Mogg has attempted to address the standard of communication itself through issuing a style guide for written communications to his staff. A qualitative approach was used to explore the approach taken by the leader in relation to language and communication standards within the workplace. Data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with work-based learners from a range of organisations in the UK and the USA. The findings highlight the limitations of language policies as a prescriptive method to standardise language to a specific criteria and the limitations it places upon professionals learning at work. It is argued that the approach taken to supporting and developing standards of written communication within the workplace needs to be considered from a transactional perspective. This paper highlights the limitations of language policies as a prescriptive method to standardise language to a specific criteria and the limitations it places upon professionals learning at work. It also highlights the need for a transactional approach to language and communication in order to ensure that work-based learners meet a required standard.
The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated literature review on psychological-focused executive coaching evidence. Executive coaching has been applied extensively in management learning strategy to support organisational outcomes. Although a coach's academic background in psychology was examined being a positive mediator to enhance the coaching outcomes, such as the coachee's self-awareness and job performance, there is still a lack of evidence in psychology to contribute to this area. Accordingly, an integrated evaluation across all relevant research evidence is required to specify in what way psychological interventions facilitate better desired coaching outcomes. A total of 234 (k=234) primary studies (both quantitative and qualitative) investigating the effects of psychological coaching approaches were identified in this review. The review results confirmed that the frameworks of psychotherapy (e.g. cognitive behavioural approach and therapeutic working alliance) play a key role in the effectiveness of executive coaching, including the coaching relationship and coachees' self-efficacy, affective organisational commitment, workplace well-being and leadership behaviours. Furthermore, several essential interpersonal coaching skills which require fundamental understanding of psychological theories were distinguished in this review. However, the review results indicated some gaps in the current coaching literature. First, more substantial evidence is required in other executive coaching disciplines, such as a statistical investigation on psychological coaching approaches or a more process-based investigation to study "how" or "why" certain mechanisms facilitate better desired outcomes. Second, a need for the further development of coaching outcome evaluations emerges, as evaluation methods currently used were varied and drawn from other similar disciplines. This review clarifies the psychological research evidence, such as cognitive behavioural approach, in the workplace learning domain, specifically in executive coaching setting. In addition, the research focus of workplace learning has been shifted to process orientation by investigating contextual factors like the professional helping relationship between the coaching dyad that enhance coaching outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the characteristics of the manager as coach characteristics for dealing with team challenge within teams. The paper aims to explore how the manager's approach to team challenge influences the effectiveness of their approach to managing individual employees as team members. This paper also aims to examine the impact of team challenge on team functionality. A qualitative approach was adopted using semi-structured interviews with managers from a range of organisations across the UK. The data were analysed using a grounded theory approach. The findings indicate that the manager as coach characteristics for dealing with team challenge are consistent across the managers interviewed. The findings suggest that the characteristics of the manager have a significant impact upon the way in which the manager approaches team challenge. The managers interviewed reported that the main challenges confronting their teams are conflict, motivational challenge and positive challenge. This paper contributes to the growing body of knowledge in the area of team challenge management by identifying the characteristics of the manager as coach characteristics that can be used to assist managers in dealing with team challenge. The findings of this study are of value to both academics and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an introduction to co-working trends and motives of mobile workers for using such spaces and the potential of such workspaces to provide a sense of inclusion for mobile workers - a challenge for many employers who are not co-located with their mobile employees. The paper is based on a review of the literature on co-working and social inclusion. The authors draw on the authors' own experience of working in such spaces and the experiences of their co-workers, as well as the findings of a survey of co-worker members. The findings suggest that co-working spaces can provide a sense of inclusion for mobile workers by providing opportunities for social support and networking, as well as socialisation in new work locations which are not part of the employers' own company sites. The use of such spaces by mobile workers with support from employers may foster a community for their workers, setting the stage for their inclusion. This paper is the first to consider the use of co-working spaces as a resource for employers and a learning opportunity for organisations wishing to create their own spaces. The resulting implications and practical guidance presented at the end of the papers for employers are mere starting points to be developed by employers as needed and appropriate to their industries.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the FinTech (Financial Technology) education and retraining (FinTech-T) sector in the UK. The purpose of the study is to identify the current status of FinTech education and Retraining in UK, identify the research gaps in the sector and discuss the potential impacts of the gaps. In this paper, the authors have evaluated 6 years (from September 2011 to September 2019) of the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining in the UK. The authors have used a mixed-methods research design. First, a literature review was carried out to identify the relevant research gaps in the sector. Second, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the existing and potential participants of FinTech education and Retraining in UK. Third, a focus group discussion was conducted with the potential participants to discuss the implications of the identified research gaps. Finally, a qualitative analysis of the findings was conducted. The findings of the study indicate that there is a lack of research in the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining sector in the UK. The authors found that there are a number of research gaps that need to be addressed in the area of FinTech education and Retraining. The findings also suggest that the sector needs to focus more on the training and development of the existing and potential participants. This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining sector in UK. The findings of the study will be useful for both academics and practitioners to understand the current status of FinTech education and Retraining in the UK, and to identify the gaps in the sector.
The purpose of this paper is to review the Confederation of British Industry/Pearson Education and Skills Report (CBI, 2018) on "Educating for the modern world: a report review". The report provides a timely reminder for educators of the critical requirement to maintain pace with global demand for a modern workforce, described by Schwab (2017) as the fourth industrial revolution where previously stable jobs may rapidly evolve to require new skills or are replaced by automation. This paper is based on a review of the CBI (2018) Education and Skills Report on "Educating for the modern world: a report review". The review draws upon the key themes identified in the report, focusing upon whether HEIs are truly able to adapt quickly enough to an increasingly uncertain and volatile market, through collaboration with employers to create future-proofed, innovative curricula, with delivery models that meet learner and business needs. The CBI (2018) report highlights the need for educators to re-think delivery models in partnership with employers to create future-proofed, innovative curricula, with delivery models that meet learner and business needs. Future proofing the higher education and skills system requires educators and employers to adapt quickly enough to an increasingly uncertain and volatile market. This paper provides a timely reminder for educators of the critical requirement to maintain pace with global demand for a modern workforce, described by Schwab (2017) as the fourth industrial revolution where previously stable jobs may rapidly evolve to require new skills or are replaced by automation.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss three broad managerial learning challenges that emerge from the complexity that managers face. It could be the case that managers' incapacity to cope with these three broad challenges, emerges overall from the overconfidence that has characterized managerial learning so far. The paper is based on a review of the literature on complexity and managerial learning, and on the author's own experience as a researcher and practitioner. Three broad managerial learning challenges emerge from the complexity that managers face: first, to cope with such complexity managers develop schemas that simplify their environments and provide some guidance on how to act in them. Second, as managers try to make sense of their complex environments, they look for information that could aid them. However, managers tend to be bombarded by sometimes bogus ideas and theories. Finally, even when relying on management research, managers face a problem given some of management research limitations, such as how fragmented the field is in terms of paradigms, the excessive focus of management academics on theory building and their comparative neglect of practical implications. This paper could be an initial call for people to start working on promoting a new fad and fashion in management learning, which differs greatly from the previous ones: a carefulness-based learning ideal, which would entail the quality of carefulness, critical thinking and a deep learning style underpinned by dispositions to learn and negative capability.
The purpose of this paper is to enhance the learning outcomes of work-based and experiential learning (EL) training programmes with the help of spaced learning (SL) whilst deriving results from participants' experiences and points of view. This research utilises a mixed-methods approach. First, data were collected from the participants of a nine-week experiential learning programme offered by the Karlsruher Institute for Technology in corporation with a globally based consulting company. Second, the results of a knowledge test four weeks after the completion of the EL training and five weeks later were analysed. Third, the SL effect was measured by means of a questionnaire. Compared to those participants who only participated in the EL training, 57 per cent of SL learners were able to retain the knowledge level they achieved on completion of the work-based EL training. Yet, only 29 per cent SL participants were even able to gain further knowledge. Moreover, it could be shown that when participants participated in an SL session five weeks after the ELtraining and taking part in a knowledge test four weeks later, no loss in knowledge occurred. Whereas the participants that only participated on the nine-week test-delay period experienced an average loss of 11.42 per cent in knowledge compared to what they knew after the training. This research contributes to academic research in the field of learning as it offers new insights about a specific phenomenon, learning in the Model Warehouse, and a way to improve it. Moreover, this research is the first to investigate the SL effect in an EL training programme.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of the impact of a leadership intervention on an undergraduate work-based learning (WBL) project for human resource management (HRM) students at the Greenwich School of Management in London (GSM London). The researcher is the Project Lead of such undergraduate (UG)-taught WBL programmes at the Greenwich School of Management in London (GSM London). WBL is a structured programme of learning where work skills are practiced or experienced. WBL questions the more traditional notion that knowledge is held and transferred by the privileged few through formal situations in pre-determined ways. The researcher observed an increase of psychological and intellectual capital among the group leaders due to the intentional leadership intervention to facilitate the application of leadership theory upon practice and instil confidence in the implementation of these actions. It appears, at least in the researcher's case, that too many assumptions are made about students applying appropriate theory in practice in WBL contexts. This paper contributes to the WBL literature by demonstrating that the facilitation of motivation through a leadership intervention will invariably lead to improved productivity, i.e., successful WBL project experiences, which impacts upon personal and professional confidence and credibility (Costley and Abukari, 2015).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which employees felt they were under pressure to compromise their basic values at work, the policies and procedures in operation and the management support available on issues relating to their spirituality. An online questionnaire was used to collect data from a random sample of work-based learners from a range of faith groups in the UK. The questionnaire consisted of a series of questions relating to the impact of workplace spirituality on the employees' spirituality and the extent to which they felt they were under pressure to compromise their basic values. The results showed that the majority of the respondents felt that the workplace was incompatible with overt displays of spirituality or religion. There was also a general consensus across a wide range of responses that the work environment was not compatible with the spiritual needs of the employee. What little differences in response were found were across a range of scale items related to age rather than religion, which is somewhat surprising. This is the first study of its kind in the UK to investigate the impact of workplace spirituality on work-based learners. The paper contributes to the small corpus of empirical work on spirituality by examining whether recognition of spirituality is embedded in organisational culture through dialogue, policies and procedures; spirituality is a source of conflict within the workplace; employees feel unable to express and observe their spiritual beliefs; and further consideration is needed to the dimensions of spirituality in relation to work- based learners.
The purpose of this paper is to document the opportunities and challenges of a practitioner researcher when accessing research participants during the implementation of a single longitudinal interpretive case study in the public healthcare sector in Ireland. It explores insider researcher considerations and seeks to address concerns in the literature regarding insufficient detail relating to interpretive research design and implementation in healthcare contexts. The research design, preparations for data collection, including obtaining ethical approval and the identification and recruitment of research participants are recounted. Insider researcher considerations and their implications for the study are also explored and insights for those intending to carry out longitudinal interpretive case study research in this setting are included. Insights for those wishing to conduct longitudinal interpretive case research in the public healthcare setting are provided. The opportunities and challenges of accessing research participants in this setting are explored and insider researcher considerations and their implications for the study are also explored. This paper addresses concerns in the literature regarding insufficient detail relating to interpretive research design and implementation in healthcare contexts. Insights for those intending to carry out longitudinal interpretive case research in the public healthcare setting are included.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance of colour on the communication of financial data in management and to encourage future discussions. Based on the literature review, the authors propose a hypothesis that the colour of financial data can influence users' preference on choosing financial data presented in cool, warm or hot colour. The authors then introduce a mini-test that was used for testing the hypothesis. According to the mini-test results, users preferred to choose an item with financial data presented in comparatively cool colour and the results of the pattern are consistent across the three questions. This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the relationship between the use of colour and user preference on choosing financial data. Moreover, this paper could also be used by management educators to facilitate related discussions among students regarding the complexity of business communication and the importance of perception in decision making.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how engaging in reflection within the structure of an action research framework can change the learning behaviour of an individual, motivating them to engage more positively and consistently with self-directed learning in their workplace environment. In this enquiry, action reflection cycles with autoethnographic methods are used to examine and transform the self-driven learning of a professional in the context of computing and data science. An action research framework is used to examine and transform the learning behaviour of an individual engaged in self-directed learning in the role of a professional in the context of computing and data science. Action research cycles with autoethnographic methods are used to conduct a rigorous self-analysis of data collected from reflective journals, computer usage software and external indicators of progress, such as milestones and other progress indicators, for example online courses. The findings show that through engagement with reflection and critical self-analysis, the author increased his motivation and efficiency for self-directed learning. Furthermore, the reflections ensured that the learning was being undertaken for the skill and knowledge requirements emerging in the new working environment, allowing for the redirection of focus of learning. This paper contributes to the understanding of self-directed learning in the context of computing and data science by using action research to examine and transform the learning behaviour of an individual engaged in self-driven learning. The paper also provides an example of how action research can be used as a means of engaging in reflection and self-analysis.
The purpose of this viewpoint is to encourage readers to think more broadly about organisational interventions, and the thought processes involved in bringing about change, by providing a range of techniques that have helped me to implement successful organisational change programs over the last twenty years. A range of system design processes have been showcased in this paper to provide readers with some ideas about the use of the models illustrated here for change management practice, particularly in using an action research methodology where participation is critical. A range of system design processes have been showcased in this paper to provide readers with some ideas about the use of the models illustrated here for change management practice, particularly in using an action research methodology where participation is critical. The value of this viewpoint is to encourage readers to think more broadly about organisational interventions, and the thought processes involved in bringing about change, by providing a range of techniques that have helped me to implement successful organisational change programs over the last twenty years.
The purpose of this paper is to report on an action learning (AL) approach to curriculum design and delivery of a two-year part-time executive masters program. This paper documents the program progression through a number of learning iterations as its first cohort of students and tutors developed in tandem, and offers insight into all perspectives (tutors, participants, course managers and faculty). This paper documents the program progression through a number of learning iterations as its first cohort of students and tutors developed in tandem, and offers insight into all perspectives (tutors, participants, course managers and faculty) in the latter stages of the paper. The program development board agreed that the AL principles would permeate each aspect of the program design and delivery. Thus, it was considered prudent to initiate a tutor partnership program alongside the inaugural program delivery. The findings suggest that an action-based model of knowledge transfer and development offers significant learning benefits to those partaking in an executive development program, resulting in the following insights: executive needs are better served using a learner-centric approach; problem-oriented work-based assessment affords theory-practice balance; there is evidence of action-reflection "contagion" among all contributors; and the presented AL cycle has potential value in the conceptualization of reflective action. This paper offers insight into the value of an action learning (AL) approach to curriculum design and delivery of a part-time executive masters program. It also offers insights into the learning benefits of a learner-centric approach, problem-oriented work-based assessment, and a collegial theory-led practical approach.
The purpose of this paper is to present a longitudinal overview of the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank (part of the Lloyds Banking Group) and Middlesex University that took place between 2010 and 2016 in the UK. In particular, this case study argues that the demonstration of the business benefits of reflective practice can help to sustain effective university-business collaboration and support transformative change. A longitudinal case study approach is used to examine the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank (part of the Lloyds Banking Group) and Middlesex University in the UK. The paper argues that the development of critical reflection has emerged as a valued business benefit that, it is argued, has the potential for significant cultural change within the organisation and perhaps more broadly. It is through a focus on reflection, the authors suggest, that the needs of production can be reconciled with the needs for employees to have satisfying engagement with their work. This case study provides an original longitudinal overview of the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank and Middlesex University that took place between 2010 and 2016 in the UK. The case study demonstrates that the demonstration of the business benefits of reflective practice can help to sustain effective university-business collaboration and support transformative change.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potentials of participatory research (PR) in the field of project management and in the specific context of healthcare. The authors aim to identify the key factors that influence project work. The paper is based on a qualitative case study of a health-related PR project in Sweden. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with project participants. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings show that PR can be an effective way to improve the quality of project work. The authors found that participants perceive a benefit in the collaboration and the results, and they are willing to share in the process and to deal with new concepts and techniques from action research methodology. This paper is one of the first to explore the potentials of participatory research in the field of project management and in the specific context of healthcare. The paper contributes to the understanding of how PR can influence project work in healthcare.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the key influences that define the current human resources management (HRM) curricula and to propose a framework for making the HRM curriculum more relevant to the changing business world. This paper is based on the authors' experience of teaching and developing HRM courses in a number of universities in the UK, Australia and Vietnam. The authors have used a combination of qualitative and quantitative research methods. The authors identify the following key influences that define the current HRM field: rate of internet adoption can transform HRM practice; a relativist HRM approach exists out there in the world; no two organisations are the same in terms of how they operate; students need to experience diverse HRM situation before graduating; most organisations today prefer a "ready-made" graduate; the HRM role is ever expanding and is based on the context; more industry-university partnership better prepares graduates; and professional bodies are integral part of graduate development programmes. These factors are not exhaustive but in the authors' view, they are key to making HRM curricula more relevant to industry. This is the first time that a hypothetical HRM curriculum has been developed and presented in the form of a hypothetical practitioners' guide. The authors believe that this paper will be of value to HRM educators, employers and students of HRM.
The purpose of this paper is to outline new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies. The paper is based on a review of the literature on impact in the context of work-based learning and change. The paper provides new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies. The three dimensions that constitute the focus of this paper are: the discursive elements of research as pathways to impact, the role of the presence and presence of non-action as pathways, and the roles of time in making sense of impact. The paper also identifies a number of implications in relation to understanding impact in this context. The contribution of this paper is to outline new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a perspective which might indicate a way of both deepening and widening one's understanding of critical reflection so that its impact might be stronger and more supportive of action than is sometimes the case, and more directly relevant to work applied management. It does this through focussing on and applying ideas expressed by Ranciere (1991) in The Ignorant Schoolmaster: Five Lessons in Intellectual Emancipation. The paper begins with a consideration of Ranciere's (1991) argument, challenging at the time, still revolutionary in its values, assumptions and consequent charge. It then considers his later review, which is also examined alongside critiques of his work, to arrive at a critical understanding of his stance on education, and its wider implications. Work-based learning is considered through a Rancieri lens; its potential personal, professional and organisational impact identified through presentation of stories from the field. The implications for the workplace lead to evaluation of the use and relevance of the ideas to work applied management. Ranciere's ideas are relevant to work applied management, for instigating organisational as well as personal and professional impact. The implications for the workplace lead to evaluation of the use and relevance of Rancieri's ideas to instigate organisational and personal impact. In a work-based learning programme founded on negotiated learning, centred on each learner's work context, where critical reflection plays a significant part, it is possible for a tutor's stance to accord with RANCiere's. The originality of the paper lies in its application of Ranciere's ideas to work applied management, and in its use of stories from the field of work-based learning. The value of this paper is that it suggests a way of both deepening and widening one's understanding of critical reflection, so that its impact might be stronger and more supportive of action than is sometimes the case.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. This viewpoint paper explores the use of models in coaching from the perspective of the coach practitioner. This paper shares a viewpoint that qualified coaches, experienced and inexperienced, use coaching models differently. This viewpoint paper explores the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. The viewpoint is based on lived experiences, practice wisdom and research evidence. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall. This paper shares a viewpoint that qualified coaches, experienced and inexperienced, use coaching models differently. The viewpoint is based on lived experiences, practice wisdom and research evidence. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important and legitimate to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall. This viewpoint paper explores the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of positive emotions in generating workplace impacts, and then to examine a particular application of appreciative inquiry as part of a work-based learning and change project. The overall intention is to prompt further consideration, deployment, and examination of positive emotion broadly, and appreciative Inquiry more specifically, in the context of work- based change methodologies. The paper adopts a case study methodology which highlights how a student (manager) in an organisation facing difficult circumstances adopted an appreciative inquiry process in a work-based learning project. The specific application of the appreciative Inquiry process was framed as a way of exploring the perceptions, enablers and barriers to integrated working across the different areas of practice within the organisation. The paper found that the utilisation of work-based project involving appreciative inquiry in the context of difficult organisational change did generate positive emotions and action, in line with contemporary evidence of the relationship between positive emotion and impact generally, and appreciative Inquiry more specifically. This paper therefore contributes new evidence into how appreciative enquiry processes can be adapted to the specific circumstances of a work- based learning project. This paper contributes new evidence into how appreciative inquiry processes can be adapted in the context of a work-based learning project, and under challenging organisational circumstances. In addition, the study raises questions about the extent to which such positive change efforts could be embedded or sustained beyond the work- based project.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how "impact" might be reconsidered, or indeed reimagined. The title is intended to be a bold incitement through the suggestion that simply searching for and recording impact, would invariably lead to propagating an already enculturated understanding of it. The author proposes instead by re/searching some practices that, while centrally concerned with reflection, are situated within an arts-based research paradigm that is not ordinarily associated with the contemporary, accepted understandings of what impact is and how it can be measured. The author uses three auto-ethnographic methods, Phronetic Vlogging, Ekphrasis, and Perambulography, to explore the meaning of "impact". Each of these is offered as a case study and then discussed as a whole, before giving some concluding thoughts on the implications of these methods. "Impact" is often defined as a marked effect or influence upon a process, situation or person and sometimes held to have negative connotations too. But it is nonetheless a word that has come to be used in multiple contemporary environments and spheres of work; in higher education institutions, schools, and health care organisations for example, it is a term used in the compilation of organisational rankings. On a more individual level it is used in a similar way to measure the performance of researchers, teachers, other professionals, and business people. It is not the intention of this paper to interrogate these discourses or their mechanisms but instead to offer a reformulated view of impact, with them as a background, and in the context of reflective practice (praxis). This paper offers an alternative understanding of "impact" as "what comes out" rather than as a prescribed outcome. It offers a new perspective on the meaning of impact and how it might be understood and represented.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce two practical methods: iStory and dramatising character. Both of these have been developed for use in the practical innovation context of organisations in Finland. Both methods involve a type of learning which goes "Beyond Text", and the authors outline the theoretical underpinnings, co-creative development and applications of each. This paper is based on a case study of the co-creation of DC and iStory in two organisations in Finland. Both methods involve a type of learning which goes "Beyond Text", and the authors outline the theoretical underpinnings, co-creative development and applications of each. This study suggests that DC and iStory are useful and practical learning facilitation processes and platforms that can be adopted for use in organisations for promoting reflexivity. It is suggested that when looking for new ways of measuring impact in the midst of uncertainty, we can turn to Beyond Text methods. These can be utilised as dialogical evaluation methods if traditional evaluation strategies and pre-determined indicators are unusable. This paper will be useful to managers in the following ways: it provides a concrete way to see blocks on an organisational micro level when their employees are implementing change related to innovation; it increases the number of producers of knowledge in their organisation, for example, it values "ordinary" employees' knowledge in innovation processes (not only the R&D employees); and it helps them to construct together with their employees a space where they can reflect together on each other's experiences and to break down assumptions related to their own perspectives, for instance, sometimes different units in organisations become isolated silos, iStory allows for an overlap for the benefit of the whole organisation.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the suitability of story-based methods for organisational learning and change in the context of health and social care settings. This paper draws from a practitioner research project in the UK, as part of a work applied learning and organisational development project, to evaluate the impacts of two case studies. The case studies are presented and compared, highlighting the key impacts and broader findings from the case studies, as well as some of the challenges of evaluating story-based methods for organisational change. The paper concludes that narrative or story-based work is efficacious and credible in generating workplace impacts, especially in the context of service transformation and improvement, and that practitioners can examine such dimensions in participatory ways. The willingness of staff to be involved in the project that this paper has examined further demonstrated that evaluation is regarded as valuable and a way, in itself, of engaging staff. Significantly, the involvement of service users in the evaluation was also said to have "recovery potential", which further emphasises the suitability of participatory methods of project design and evaluation as well as research more broadly. This paper contributes to the literature on the use of story-based methods in the context of organisational learning and organisational change by exploring the suitability of various evaluative methods and tools for measuring the impact of story in the workplace. It also provides a framework for the development of robust evaluation frameworks for story and health.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges faced by employers in managing degree apprentices through one of the earliest Chartered Manager Degree Apprenticeship (CMDA) programmes. In doing so, it informs a potential gap in the literature concerning workplace management of degree apprentices, and generates significant impact by identifying the subsequent effects upon performance, engagement and retention. A qualitative approach was used to explore the challenges faced by employers in managing apprentices through one of the earliest Chartered Manager Degree Apprenticeship (CMDA) programmes in the UK. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten managers from a wide range of organisations across a range of industry sectors. The findings suggest that employers face a number of challenges in managing degree apprentices in the workplace. These include the need to recruit appropriate candidates, develop and adopt effective recruitment strategies, manage the transition from degree to degree, manage apprentices' professional development and manage the impact of the degree on the organisation. This paper provides a new and unique insight by exploring the challenges faced by employers in managing apprentices through one of the earliest CMDA programmes. In doing so, it informs a potential gap in the literature concerning workplace management of degree apprentices, and generates significant impact by identifying the subsequent effects upon performance, engagement and retention.
The purpose of this paper is to bring attention to the execution of a collaborative action research study that focused on fan behavior associated with new NCAA Division I football program; examine the impact the collaboration had on the three diverse stakeholders involved in the process (sport management faculty, sport management students, and the university athletic department); and to specifically highlight the benefits sports management students derived from being active, and equal, contributors to the research process throughout the study. The research team utilized a cyclical process of reflection, planning, action, and observation to obtain information about fan behavior. Human interactions and collaborative experiences drove the methodology of this study, with the intention of data collected to ultimately influence participation, action initiatives, and change related to a new university football program in the southeastern region of the USA. The authors distinguished the success of this methodological approach among the three groups that worked collaboratively throughout this process: the university athletic department, sport management program, and sport management students. The results of this study indicated that all three groups of stakeholders were able to learn, adapt, participate, and make positive change as a result of this collaborative action research study. Each of the following areas experienced change: the athletic department's marketing efforts and game day operations, opportunities for sport management students to participate and learn, and development of relationships between two departments. One of the most important findings from this collaborative study was the increased student involvement and opportunities presented which allowed for deeper learning of sport marketing content. This study offers a unique perspective and insight to sport management faculty, university athletic department employees, as well as sport management students; as each stakeholder derived very different experiences and knowledge as a result of this collaborative action research study. University athletic departments and sport management programs do not always work together, thus this study provides an example of the effectiveness and feasibility of such collaboration between the parties.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between employees' personality traits and organizational commitment, particularly on affective commitment (AC) and continuance commitment, in Pakistani higher educational institutes. Data were collected from the employees of Pakistani higher educational institutes through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study revealed that affective commitment (AC) and continuance commitment were found to be significantly and positively related to the Big Five personality traits. On the other hand, the results showed that conscientiousness and neuroticism were not significant predictors of organizational commitment, whereas conscientiousness was found to have a significant and positive relationship with organizational commitment. In addition, it was also found that the relationship among the personality traits and organizational commitment was not significant. This study is the first of its kind to explore the relationship among the personality traits and organizational commitment in an international setting, particularly in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to look at how employability is currently embedded within courses to prepare students for their transition into the world of work or postgraduate study, identifying the teaching and learning strategies employed. The study then proceeded to investigate the actual employability skills attained and desired, from the perspectives of the university, students and employers. It also considered the roles of the work placement tutor and the quartet of employability actors. A mixed methods approach was used, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews, focus groups and a questionnaire survey of students, work placement tutor and employers. The most significant conclusion is that it is "soft" behaviours, rather than "hard" (teachable) skills that are most desired by employers. This has implications for both pedagogy and strategy, for instance in mock employer presentations, the emphasis should be more on the peripheral time keeping and predominantly, the communication rather than the presentation (academic) content. Teaching should also be more oriented to developing greater student autonomy. The demand from employers is for old fashioned "life skills" and personal conduct. Common sense is seldom common, but needs to be instilled somehow, and it is here where the influence of the tutor is greatest. This paper presents the student, institution, tutor, employer (4SITE) quartet of employability actors. It also postulates the ramifications of the introduction of the teaching excellence framework on employability.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of management education in developing a "new" locus of corporate social responsibility (CSR) responsibility, namely the CSR professionals. CSR has been viewed through an organization-centric, rather than an individual-centric lens. Even within the latter, the emphasis, if at all, has been on the development of the right individual values for encouraging CSR adoption rather than development of individual competencies for ensuring effective CSR implementation. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Following a case study approach, this paper uses the graduate management program - called the Post Graduate Program in Development Management (PGP-DM) of an Indian business school as the frame of research. It explores the program curricula and pedagogy from the lens of competency development and uses multiple stakeholder analysis to assess qualitatively the program impact on multiple outcomes. The results show that the PGP-DM program has had a positive impact on the development of individual CSR-related competencies among CSR professionals, and that these competencies have a long-term impact on effective CSR implementation. This is the first study to examine the role of management education in developing a new locus of CSR responsibility for CSR professionals in an emerging economy. The findings of this study will be of value to business schools and management education programs in developing CSR-related competencies among prospective CSR influencers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of work-based learning (WBL) in support of the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) in higher education (HE) in Australia. The purpose of WBL is to provide a pedagogical approach to the development of qualifications frameworks (QFs) that are designed to build capacity into the education system to respond to the labour market's need for higher levels of skills. This paper is based on an action research approach using a mixed-methods approach, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews with key stakeholders in the higher education (HE) sector and the development of a learning strategy for work-based learning. The findings suggest that work-based learning can be used as a means of building capacity into the education and training system to respond to the labour market's need for not only higher levels of skills but also different skills. The findings also suggest that the AQF is a good starting point for the development of a learning strategy in support of work- based learning. This paper contributes to the understanding of how work-based learning can be integrated into the Australian education and training system in support of the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) and how it can be used as a means of building capacity into the education system.
The purpose of this paper is to deepen and expand the utilisation of "critical" ideas within the context of work-based learning, and particularly the use of a contemporary and controversial theorist, Slavoj Zizek, in reflective practice - a core dimension of the above approaches and methodologies (Gearty et al., 2015). Zizekian ideas are introduced and exemplified in three case studies to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice to generate new insights, and therefore decide next steps. Zizekian ideas are utilised in three case studies to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice to generate new insights and therefore decide next steps. The key ideas are that managers need to be aware of the traps they may fall into in order to mobilise radical management insight, and that they need to recognise the tricks and traps they can fall into when mobilising ideas. The originality of this paper lies in its use of Slavoj Zizekian ideas in the context of work-based learning and reflective practice, and the way in which the ideas are utilised to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice.
The purpose of this paper is to show how one institution of higher education is forging links with the world of business responding to the claim that university-level learning so often fails to meet the expectations of employers in terms of graduate skills and capabilities. It is also, hopefully, how responding to not unreasonable expectations of government that universities have a role to play in supporting the societies and economies of the communities they serve, it is possible to show the importance of listening carefully to the requirements of prospective employer partners in order to respond more precisely to meeting their needs rather than presenting them with an inflexible offer. The paper is based on a case study of the University of Chester's work-based learning (WBL) provision in the workplace. It draws on a number of different models for engaging with both individual learners and business sponsored cohorts of learners. It also draws on the experiences of the university in working with employers to develop these models. The University of Chester has tried to take the idea of "demand led" provision seriously, working with employers to deliver models of WBL that best suit the needs of the employer partner. While using the generic term, WBL, it does not necessarily envisage just one method for approaching learning in the workplace. It is equally comfortable with the term Work Applied Learning and/or Work-Based Action Learning which may foreground Action Research as a principal approach to learning and problem solving and bringing about change. The paper shows how one institution of higher education is forging links with the world of business responding to the claim that university-level learning so often fails to meet the expectations of employers in terms of graduate skills and capabilities. It is also, hopefully, showing how responding to not unreasonable expectations of government that universities have a role to play in supporting the societies and economies of the communities they serve, is possible.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the implementation of a telemonitoring programme for better management of diabetes patients within the Monash Health research organisation in Victoria, Australia. An action research methodology was used to investigate the telemonitoring practice of the research organisation. The methodology was based on a work-applied methodology (WAP) approach. The WAP was used in the context of this research to investigate how the tele Monitoring Programme was implemented and the outcomes of the programme. The study found that the telemonitoring programme had a positive impact on the quality of care provided to patients with diabetes. The study also found that there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of the level of satisfaction with the use of the programme. In addition, there were significant differences in the quality and quality of the care that was provided to both groups of patients. This is one of the first studies to use a work-applied methodology to investigate telemonitoring practice in the context of diabetes. It is also the first study to use control groups in action research methodology.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of work-based and work-applied learning (WAL) to enhance the intellectual capital of organisations. The paper is based on a review of the literature on work-based and work-applied learning, action learning and reflective practice. The paper draws upon the experiences of the author as part of a senior leadership cadre in action research and action learning projects. The findings suggest that to achieve major strategic change in organisations working at senior strategic level within the organisation it is necessary to develop the capability of the organisation to learn and apply strategically learning that strategically embeds learning. This requires the development of a cadre of senior leadership cadre in action learning, action research and action research teams. This knowledge base is applied to the organisational strategic planning process and embedded in the organisation using interlocking research projects carried out by real life work teams. The value of this paper is that it provides a framework for the development of work-based and work-applied learning to enhance the intellectual capital of organisations in the new knowledge economy.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen. In order to do this the author is bringing together two frameworks informed by complexity theory, which can help us step outside traditional comfort zones. The paper is based on a review of the literature on organisational learning, complexity theory and practice theory in order to develop an agenda for change. The paper argues that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen. In order to do this we are bringing together two frameworks informed by complexity theory, which I believe can help us step outside traditional comfort zones. The originality of the paper lies in the way in which it brings together two different theoretical approaches to organisational learning. The originality is that it argues that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. It also aims to identify the factors that can help in future proofing the tourism entrepreneurship of the country. This paper is based on a review of the literature and case studies of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. The study uses the case study method to explore the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurs in Oman. The findings of the study revealed that the majority of the respondents were motivated by the desire to work in the tourism industry and the need to make a contribution to the country's economy. However, they were also concerned about the lack of opportunities in the sector. They also felt that there was a lack of support from the government and the industry in terms of training and education. The study also found that there is a need for the government to provide more training opportunities for Omani nationals in order to encourage them to take up tourism entrepreneurship. This study is the first of its kind to examine the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. It is also one of the few studies that have been conducted on the subject in the Middle East.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice (LOPs) and to explore how it can be used to engage with the world in new ways. The paper aims to consider how this spirit can be brought to bear on the practice of LOPs through the lens of the fifth element. The paper draws on the work of Wall and Perrin (2016) and Furedi (2010) to explore the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice, and to explore how this spirit can be revived in practice. The paper also draws on work by Zizek (2014) and Wall (2016). The paper uses a phenomenological approach to examine how the spirit of ubuntu can be resuscitated in the practice of forest management. The findings suggest that the ubuntu spirit is present in landscapes of practice, and that this spirit can be experienced and experienced in a variety of ways. It is found to be present in a number of different ways, and can be found in a wide range of contexts, including the natural world, the natural environment, and the human world. This paper contributes to the understanding of the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice, and how it can be used to engage with the world in new ways. It also offers an alternative to the commodified individualism which is too readily available in contemporary society.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the impact of work-based research projects at postgraduate level from the perspective of employers and from the employees' perspective. The research study is based on a sample of alumni who had graduated from work-based masters and professional doctorate programmes and their corresponding employers in a UK higher education institution (HEIs). As the WBL programmes recruit both home and international students, the participants in the research came from different countries including the UK (majority), Ireland and Australia. The results of the study are then used to track the impact of work- based projects undertaken with subsequent and various employer groups. Employers and employees find that the academic knowledge applied to work-based projects when built upon the employees' existing work is able to bring about significant change and/or enhancement to work practices. Cohort-based learners have the added advantage of a close group of other learners: peer support, more support from employers and clear and common goals. Those on individually negotiated programmes tend to find these advantages by engaging in their own networks of support and relying on themselves as autonomous learners. This paper is based on data generated as part of a wider study that examines the impact of WBL projects across undergraduate through to doctoral level from the perspective of employers and from the employees perspective. The focus of this paper is the specific contribution of one group of researchers to the Nixon et al. study.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of reflection in work-based learning (WBL) and how reflection can be used as a development tool for graduates. The paper aims to discuss the importance of reflection as a learning tool and how it can be applied to graduate employability. This paper is based on a review of the literature on reflection and work-based learning (WBL) and the development of reflection as a learning tool. Findings from the research illustrate that reflection is a critical component of WBL. It is shown how reflection enables practitioners to change in action, in the present moment, fully utilising observations, articulations and theorisation to strategically transform and re-conceptualize practice. The findings also illustrate how reflection can be used as a learning tool to develop multi-faceted skills including creativity, imagination and entrepreneurship. This paper provides a new perspective on the role of reflection in WBL. It highlights the importance of reflection as a tool for learning in action, in the present moment, fully utilising observations, articulations and theorisation to strategically transform and re-conceptualize practice. It also highlights the critical role that reflection can play in the development of multi-faceted skills.
- Recognition of prior learning (RPL) is a process by which both formal learning for recognised awards, informal learning from experience and non-formal learning for uncertificated but planned learning (e.g. workshops/seminars that are uncertified) is given academic recognition. The purpose of this paper is to describe international developments in RPL and then focus upon the extensive and innovative use of RPL by Middlesex University and the developing RPL work at the Australian Institute of Business (AIB) in order to highlight some of the key opportunities and challenges of the RPL process. - This paper refers international developments in RPL and then focuses upon the extensive and innovative use of RPL (especially learning from experience) by Middlesex University and the developing RPL work at the Australian Institute of Business (AIB) in order to highlight some of the key opportunities and challenges of the RPL process. - The use of RPL within negotiated work-based programmes highlights the potential of reflective practice to act as a tool to achieve organisational development as well as individual recognition. The linkage between individual learning achievement and organisational change opens up a range of opportunities for higher education institutions offering applied business and management education. - The use of RPL within negotiated work-based programmes highlights the potential of reflective practice to act as a tool to achieve organisational development as well as individual recognition. The linkage between individual learning achievement and organisational change opens up a range of opportunities for higher education institutions offering applied business and management education.
- The purpose of this paper is to describe the use of action research and action learning (ARAL) to develop a policy and procedure to respond to the abuse of older people in a public health network. - Action research and action learning (ARAL) was used to develop a policy and procedure to respond to elder abuse in a public health organization. The action research methodology involved a series of action research cycles, which involved the development of a document development group, followed by an action learning cycle to identify the researcher's meta learning. The ARAL methodology was applied to develop the policy and Procedure. - This project developed a shared vision for a more strategic response to violence and abuse, not only of older people but of all patients of Monash Health. This outcome and the learnings would not have occurred if an action research methodology had not been applied in this project. - This paper explains Monash Health's approach to developing a Policy and Procedure on Elder Abuse using action research/action learning. This paper will be of value to those involved in developing policies and procedures to respond to elder abuse.
- The purpose of this paper is to review the current literature and summarise the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment. - This paper reviews the current literature and summarises the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment. - There are more benefits than there are limitations to having doctors in health management roles. There is a need for more management training for doctors so that they can be competent health managers. Doctors are an essential component of the clinical care team and have higher influence and power compared to other staff members. - This paper provides an overview of the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment. The paper also provides a review of the current literature on doctors as health managers.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rise condominiums projects in a middle-income country like Sri Lanka. This research is about the development of high-rise luxury condominiums in a middle-income country in Asia like Sri Lanka. The research is delimited to the "beginning of life" phase of luxury cond condominium development in lower middle- income countries in Asia. This research uses a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of a condominium project in the City of Colombo, Sri Lanka, and in-depth interviews with the project's developers and project managers. The findings of this research include the first evidence-based findings about what influences the success and failure of high-rise luxury condominium developments in a country like Sri Lanka. In addition, a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process is developed for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rises condominiums projects in the future. This is one of the first evidence-based findings about what influences the success and failure of high-rise luxury condominium developments in a country like Sri Lanka. In addition, a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process is developed for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rises condominiums projects in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to describe an online teaching professional development course for faculty in higher education. The course, called enhanced teaching and learning strategies (ETLS), was piloted with eight faculty members at National University from a range of disciplines - criminal justice, nursing, biology, economics, engineering, business, education and psychology. This course utilized a framework for engaging students that faculty apply to a course they teach. This paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. The course, called enhanced teaching and learning strategies (ETLS), was piloted with eight faculty members at National University from a range of disciplines - criminal justice, nursing, biology, economics, engineering, business, education and psychology. Results are shared from the faculty who applied the framework. The paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. This framework proposes that students need to be fully engaged with the course curriculum content, with their peers, and with their instructor (Moore, 1989). The course has three units on engaging students with content, engagement students with students, and engaging student-to-student engagement. This paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. This framework proposes that students need to be fully engaged with the course curriculum content, with their peers, and with their instructor (Moore, 1989).
- The purpose of this paper is to discuss knowledge management (KM) practices and their relevance to teaching and learning environment in private higher education institutions (HEIs). More specifically, to generate insights into KM traits that can promote and encourage knowledge sharing and knowledge acquiring culture in the private HEIs in the future. - The study adopted a qualitative research approach, using semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions to explore KM practices in private HEIs in Malaysia. - The findings suggest that KM practices in the HEIs need to be effective as society moves from the industrial to the knowledge age to improve teaching and learning, and as well to provide a strong knowledge base for research practices and strategies. However, a knowledge gap exists in relation to aspiring KM practices: lack of understanding between information and knowledge, KM storage location, KM challenges experienced, and knowledge sharing acquiring experiences. - This study contributes to a more robust and insightful knowledge base in this area. It provides insights into KM traits that can promote and encourage knowledge sharing and knowledge acquiring culture in private HEIs in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to present a study of mobile phone usage patterns of university students from a developing country located in the Caribbean. The increased adoption of mobile phones in the higher education landscape of developing countries has significant implications for teaching and learning in these institutions. The paper aims to address this research gap. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of undergraduate students from a developing country located in the Caribbean. The survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 students at a public university in Guyana. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests and ANOVA. The results indicate that the majority of the students in the sample are using their mobile phones for communication and social interaction. The majority of students reported that their mobile phone use is for information and communication purposes rather than for teaching and learning purposes. The findings also indicate that there is a significant difference in the use of mobile phones by students in both developed and developing countries. However, the findings indicate that students in developing countries are more likely to use their mobile devices for social and communication activities than those in developed countries. This study is the first of its kind in the Caribbean context. It provides a unique insight into the use of mobile phones for teaching and learning in higher education in a developing country. The findings of this study will be of value to higher education institutions in developing countries, as well as developing countries in general.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how narrative distance can be used to invite transformative learning experiences (TLEs) in instruction. Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences. The most profound kinds of learning "are invited and encouraged and facilitated" (Wilson and Parrish, 2011, p. 11). Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences. Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences. The most profound kinds of learning are invited and encouraged and facilitated.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of blended learning in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh. The purpose of the study is to evaluate the effectiveness of the blended learning approach in the teaching and learning process at HEIs in Bangladesh and to identify the factors that influence the implementation of this innovative teaching approach. This study is based on a case study approach. The authors have used a mixed methods approach. First, the authors have conducted in-depth semi-structured interviews with students, teachers and administrators of the HEIs in Bangladesh. Second, a questionnaire survey has been conducted to collect data from the students and teachers. Third, a pilot study has been carried out to evaluate the effectiveness of the blended learning approach in the teaching and learning process. Finally, this study has used a quantitative approach to test the proposed approach. The results of the study indicate that the blended learning approach can be used to improve the quality of teaching and learning in the HEIs in Bangladesh. The results of this study show that blended learning can be successfully implemented in the higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh with the help of blended learning. This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to explore the use of blended learning in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used by the HEIs to improve the quality of teaching and learning in their classrooms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore which aspects should be considered when developing and implementing professional mathematics or STEM teacher development (PTD) for flipped classroom approaches (FCA), as an example of technology-enhanced and student-driven education. The authors used a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of mathematics and STEM teacher development (PTD) to identify key aspects for PTD for FCA. The authors identified three key aspects for PTD which focus on technology-enhanced, student-led and constructivist approaches in mathematics education. These approaches do not apply to FCA exclusively but could be important when developing and implementing PTD for FCA. The authors also identified the most promising activities in PTD as the activities that could have positive effects on school education. This study contributes to the literature by exploring important aspects for PTD which focus on technology-enhanced, student-led and constructivist approaches in mathematics education. These approaches do not apply to FCA exclusively but could be important when developing and implementing PTD for FCA. This insight could provide teacher trainers or PTD institutions with information that could facilitate tailoring PTD courses to participating teachers.
The purpose of this project was to explore how STEAM integration in mathematics methods courses influenced K-8 preservice teachers' disposition and knowledge of STEAM. This study aimed at investigating the following research questions: is there any significant differences in K-9 preservices' disposition toward math teaching andSTEAM integration between the pre- and postquestionnaires? What is the relationship between preservICE teachers' dispositions and knowledge and the characteristics of the experience in learning from STEam integration by preservicing teachers? What are the common interesting topics used by preserve teachers for STEAM Integration at K-2, 3-5 and 6-8 levels? How have the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) connected with the Common Core State Standards for Mathematical (CCSSM) standards through STEAM tasks by preservaice teachers?How have the NGSS Science and Engineering Practices (SEP) standardsconnected with the CCSSMP standards throughSTEAM task development and application by This study used a project-based learning (PBL) approach and an inquiry-based pedagogy to engage preservice teachers in learning STEM knowledge and skills of integration with adding the arts component to STEM as science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics (STEAM) for K-8 children, and developing their own STEAM tasks. Data were collected using a pre- and post-questionnaire. The results of this study indicated that providing an opportunity to engage preservice teachers in a fun and meaningful learning of STEAM integration, their disposition will be changed. Interestingly, prior to the integration, there was only a positive correlation between attitude and confidence and belief in learning STEAM tasks. After their learning, the more surprising finding was the more positive correlation with the attitude and knowledge of STEam integration, and with confidence and knowledge. The results of this study indicated that providing an opportunity to engage preservice teachers in a fun and meaningful learning of STEAM integration, their disposition will be changed. Interestingly, prior to the integration, there was only a positive correlation between attitude and confidence and belief in learning STEAM tasks, and the more surprising finding was the more positive correlation with attitude and knowledge ofSTEAM, and with confidence and knowledge.
The purpose of this paper is to better understand the learning that results from Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics (STEAM) instructional programs. This study addresses the research questions: what interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary skills do students learn from engaging in STEAM programs offered by nonprofit organizations and by publicly funded schools? What are students observed to learn when they engage in tasks offered in these programs? This study compares four STEAM programs and focuses particularly on the nature and learning outcomes of models of STEAM education in those programs. The data were collected over a four-month period. Data were collected through interviews, observations, curriculum documents and focus group discussions as well as the cross-case findings among the different data sources. The findings show that STEAM programs in this study focus on the process and the character-building skills that students develop. The findings are in line with Kolb and Kolb's (2005) guiding principle of the experiential learning theory which states that learning is best conceived as a process. For example, students were given the opportunity to document the making process to develop a deeper understanding. All of the lessons and units studied by the researchers appeared to be student-centered and to incorporate student interests. This study has implications for designing and teaching learning tasks in STEAM programs. Although the findings provide deeper insight into STEAM education, the authors offer several possibilities for future research such as investigating the design and implementation of programs that promote the teaching and learning of workplace and transferable skills.
The purpose of this two-year and ongoing research study was to quantify and qualify students' experiences (e.g. learning, enjoyment and interactions with other students and staff), attitudes towards STEM, and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM challenge. Data were collected over a two-year period (2017-2019) from middle-grade (6th-8th grade) students from ten Lubbock Independent School District (LISD) middle schools participating in a week-long, engineering-design competition held each summer. Data were collected from students, teachers, mentors and STEM CORE staff. The data were analyzed using a qualitative content analysis approach. Findings from this two-year study indicate that the STEM challenge positively impacted middle school-aged students' perceptions of STEM, attitudes towards STEM and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM Challenge. This study is the first to quantify and qualify students' experiences (e.g. learning, enjoyment and interactions with other students and staff), attitudes towards STEM, and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM challenge.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of faculty support and student-faculty interactions on student engagement with both behavioral and emotional measures. Data were collected from a sample of undergraduate engineering students at a mid-size research university in the USA. Students completed measures of faculty support, student-faculty interactions and behavioral and emotional engagement at the end of their undergraduate program. Both faculty support and student-faculty interactions were significantly associated with both behavioral and emotional measures of student engagement. The nature of these associations varies with the type of engagement as well as the type-of student. Students who are underrepresented by race/ethnicity or gender or who are in a minority by virtue of being a transfer or international student often appear to be more responsive to faculty support than the majority students. This is the first study to examine the impact of faculty support and student-faculty interactions on both behavioral and emotional engagement in undergraduate engineering students.
The purpose of this research is to determine if participating in an informal STEM camp improved students' perceptions of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields and careers. Data were collected through a survey of students who participated in an informal STEM camp during their secondary education. The survey included measures of students' perceptions of STEM fields and STEM careers, their perceptions of their STEM identity, and their attitudes toward STEM. The results indicated that students' perceptions of STEM fields and STEM careers improved after participating in an informal STEM camp. Specifically, students who participated in the STEM camp were more likely to report that they were interested in pursuing STEM careers and that they believed they fit the criteria for becoming a member of the STEM community. In addition, students reported that the informal learning environment improved their perceptions of the benefits of STEM careers. Additionally, students' attitudes toward STEM careers were also improved. This study is one of the first to examine the effects of participation in an informal STEM camp on students' perceptions of STEM fields and careers. The findings suggest that informal learning environments may be an effective way to provide students with the knowledge and information they may not have learned otherwise.
This study is unique in that it compares the conceptualization and K-12 STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. The purpose of this study is twofold. First, pragmatically, as scholars from the United States, we wish to learn how other countries conceptualize and implement STEM education so as to inform our own research and practice. Second, the three chosen countries prioritize STEM education, and they represent a diverse range of geographic regions. The authors conducted a systematic literature review of K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. The search parameters of the search parameters were: empirical journal articles or literature reviews and articles written in English. The authors searched for the following search terms: STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics, mathematics), STEM subject areas (STEM, MST, ICT, technology and science), K- 12 STEM teaching practice (K-12 teaching practices) and STEM teaching methods (e.g. lesson plans, instructional videos, lesson plans). Based on the systematic literature review of the international comparison of K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore, a homogeneous international set of comprehensive STEM standards did not exist. The current international state of STEM is difficult to discuss due to the lack of uniform definition, standards and standards. This study is unique in that it compares the conceptualization and K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. This research stands to bolster global STEM research by providing a synthesis of STEM education literature.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss some issues concerning STEM in the context of teacher education, namely, the nature of STEM education and the manner of its instruction as a whole. This paper is based on a review of the literature on STEM education in the context of teacher education. It is a conceptual paper based on the authors' personal experience as a researcher in the field. The paper finds that STEM in the context of teacher education needs to be treated as a holistic whole rather than as separate, isolated subjects, and that it needs to transcend disciplinary boundaries in order to develop students' 21st-century skills and address STEM-related global issues. This paper is the first of its kind to address STEM in the context of teacher education. It is of value to researchers and practitioners alike, as it provides an overview of the issues that need to be addressed in order to ensure that the next-generation workforce is provided bona fide 21st-century skills.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of early childhood STEM identity development as a social identity-making process in the context of school-based STEM education. The paper aims to explore how early childhood classrooms can be used to foster STEM identity for children from low socioeconomic backgrounds. This study used a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of three elementary school classrooms in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers, parents and students, as well as observations of classroom activities and observations. The findings show that early childhood STEM identity development is a social process negotiated in early childhood classrooms during deliberate exploration of STEM, with evaluative and motivational consequences to current and future sense of belonging and interest in STEM. The findings also show that STEM education is not well-suited to all children, particularly those from low socio-economic status backgrounds. This study is one of the first to explore early childhood STEM identity development in the context of STEM education. It contributes to the literature on early childhood identity development by focusing on the role of early childhood classrooms as a social space for identity work.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Omni Nano model, a unique approach to teaching and learning nanotechnology at the secondary and early post-secondary levels. This paper outlines Omni Nano's process to deliver approximately 250 Discover Nanotechnology workshops to 10,000 students at 80 institutions and to offer the curriculum to dozens of schools, enrolling hundreds of students. This paper describes the Omni Nano model, a unique approach to teaching and learning nanotechnology to high school and undergraduate college students. The Omni Nano approach begins with providing "Discover Nanotechnology" workshops to schools, after-school programs and youth conferences. If there is interest from teachers and students, as well as administrative support, the school district can request to access the digital curriculum to offer selected lessons and even a two-semester long course. The Omni Nano model provides access to a complete and current nanotechnology curriculum that has expert content to support teachers and students. Through open-source content partnerships and collaboration with schools, business and community, students gain access to equipment, experts, and other resources that assist in developing and delivering high-quality instruction and curriculum. The Omni Nano model is unique in that it provides access to a complete and current nanotechnology curriculum that has expert content to support teachers and students through open-source content, community partnerships and collaboration with schools, business and community.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between university's role (UR), entrepreneurship education (EE), role models (RMs) and students with disabilities' entrepreneurial inclination (EI) in the Nigerian Universities. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from a sample of 300 university students with disabilities using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results of the study revealed that UR, EE and RMs have a positive impact on disabled students' EI. However, the moderating effect of RMs on the relationship between UR and EI was found to be insignificant. The results also revealed that RMs were found to have a negative moderating role in the relationship of UR and EE with students with disabilities' entrepreneurial inclination. This study extends the predominantly entrepreneurial inclination (EI) studies to the Nigerian Universities' level. Specifically, it investigates the relationship between university's role, entrepreneurship education, role models and students with disabilities' EI.
The purpose of this qualitative exploratory case study was to explore how online adjunct higher education faculty members perceive the role of using social media sites as instructional approaches. A case study was used to examine the external events related to the phenomena of using social media as instructional approaches in online classrooms. A purposeful sampling was used, and adjunct online higher education faculty members were invited to participate. The participants in this study had taught as adjunct higher education instructors for at least two years, and some participants taught at more than one higher education institute in the Northeast. For the purpose of this study, the qualitative method was used. The findings of this study revealed that online adjunct higher education faculty members' reflections on using social media sites as instructional approaches tend to be recorded from a personal rather than a professional point of view. The participants' perceptions of the use of social media as an instructional approach in online higher education classrooms were based on their personal experiences. The findings of the study indicated that social media use in the online classroom is not a common practice among online adjunct faculty members. The significance of this study is the need for a renewed global initiative in higher education to promote the use of social media training for online adjunct faculty members. The implication for online higher education leaders is to review mission statements and reevaluate how social media may impact student learning outcomes, student career readiness and student engagement opportunities.
The purpose of this paper is to supply an in-depth description of the educators' values, beliefs and confidence at the onset of their experiences changing from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology. Integrating technology into the learning environment is a student-centered process where students are actively engaged in authentic learning experiences expanding their critical and creative thinking and increasing their knowledge base. A qualitative descriptive case study approach was used to explore the values, beliefs, confidence and level of preparedness of educators making the change from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with ten educators who experienced a change in the learning environment. The findings indicate that the educators' values, beliefs, confidence and level of preparedness for the change from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology were high. The findings indicate the educators were confident in their ability to successfully integrate technology into the learning environment. However, they had limited knowledge, skills and confidence to effectively or efficiently use the available technologies to support the integration of technology into their classrooms. Educators were also concerned about the impact of technology on the students' learning. The findings from this study add to the literature on the complex issues educators encounter when integrating technology into their classrooms and provide additional insights into a humanistic approach to change. Research exists on the success of specific technology platforms and on the implementation of teacher training to support the integration of technology into the learning environment. There is little to no research on the values, beliefs and confidence of educators changing from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology.
The purpose of this paper is to explore students' perceptions of the impacts of short-term international courses as part of the university liberal arts curriculum in Japan. This study draws upon students' reflective episodes about their learning experiences in short-term international courses as part of the university liberal arts curriculum in Japan. The study presents key themes and descriptions provided by those who participated in geographically and academically different short- term international courses. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with students who had taken the courses. The findings showed that short-term international courses had multifaceted impacts on participants' development. The participants generally recognised many positive impacts that the courses had on their development. In particular, all the informants commented on the experiences of personal development and global perspective. This study is one of the first to explore students' perceptions of the impacts of short-term international courses at a non-English-speaking university in Japan. The study offers valuable glimpses into the nascent pedagogical practices for future course development. The in-depth nature of the approach enabled insights grounded in students' experiences and invites further confirmation and exploration through different approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to identify critical success factors (CSF) for technology-enhanced learning (TEL) approaches and to provide a selection of CSF for TEL approaches. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey that was sent to professionals working in higher education institutes in Germany. The questionnaire consisted of questions that asked them about their views on CSF for TEL approaches. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares method. The results of this study show that the most important CSF for TEL approaches are: technology support, technology support for learning, technology for learning and technology for collaboration. The most important factors that are not considered by professionals when implementing TEL are: technical support, technical support for technology, technology to help in learning processes and technology to make learning more efficient, effective and appealing. This study contributes to the literature by providing a comprehensive definition of CSF for TEL approaches and by identifying CSF that can be taken care of in order to be successful, more efficient and more effective in implementing TEL.
The purpose of this paper is to compare evolving thought on applied learning vs traditional lectures and recommend an alternative way to prepare future managers to serve their supply chain. In light of the changing business environment and the complex dynamics of supply chain management (SCM), there is a need to alter the current traditional pedagogy and equip educators with modern, comprehensive, applied, scenario-based teaching techniques. This study uses a pre-test-post-test design to evaluate the effectiveness of role playing in the classroom as an alternative approach to teaching SCM concepts. The data were collected from a sample of students who participated in a three-week course on supply chain management (SCM) at a private university in the USA. The students were randomly assigned to one of two groups - traditional lectures or role playing. From the analysis of this experiment comparing the learning benefits of traditional lectures vs applied learning using role playing, it was first verified that there was a gain in immediate knowledge in both the modes of learning, confirming H2(a/b). The goals of this study were met as the analysis showed significantly greater knowledge gain in knowledge (post-test) for each student for the role playing groups (1,463 average gain in score) as compared to those exposed to only the traditional lecture. This represents a valuable 45 percent improvement in learning scores. Therefore, it is determined that the investment in preparing and executing the role-playing activity resulted in a significant increase in knowledge gain. This study consolidates a thorough review of the benefits of applied learning and recommends ways in which traditional classroom sessions can be enhanced by using applied learning solutions. An applied learning role playing workshop to teach a SCM concept will yield higher levels of knowledge gain as compared to the same aspect of SCM taught through traditional learning systems.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between student performance and communication preferences with their teachers and the effectiveness of the PEM in the classroom. A longitudinal study was undertaken as the next phase into research about the efficacy of the PEM. Data were collected over a three-year period from middle and high school students. The data were analyzed using regression analysis. The study revealed a decided difference in classroom performance and some differences in performance on standardized instruments that relies on criteria established by norming. Standardized tests, those with more objective criteria than GPAs, showed no significant differences among the middle school students involved in the study. However, high school students continued to show significant differences, similar to disparity in their GPAs. This echoed the need for teachers to improve relationships with high school student, especially those with different communication and learning preferences. This is the first longitudinal study of the efficacy of the PEM in the classroom. It is also one of the first studies to examine the impact of student communication preferences on student performance in the school environment.
Starting from the Vygotskian premise that "learning awakens a variety of internal developmental processes that are able to operate only when the child is interacting with people in his environment and in cooperation with peers" (Vygotsky, 1978, p. 90), and keeping in mind that virtual reality (VR) did not exist at the turn of the twentieth century when Lev Semionovich Vygotky lived (1896-1934), the purpose of this paper is to investigate what types of interactions are more conducive to true socio-emotional learning ("with people inhis environment"/in person, vs online) and to what degree each should be used advantageously. In the following pages, this paper uses interpretive methodology to discuss the emergence of Social and Emotional Learning (SEL) during play and virtual play, and the impact of gaming on these psychological processes in typical and atypical development (specifically, autism spectrum disorders-ASD). Empathy, included as a component of social awareness in the framework for SEL, is the ability to connect with others on an emotional level, and is recognized as an essential component of being "human." Children can develop empathy, as an essential socio-emotional skill through virtual play and various uses of technology, only if a human (teacher, parent, peer, etc.) mediates the understanding and applicability of the game process and game results. It is only through human interaction that the child learns to use speech or language (augmentative communication can play an important role here for nonverbal or verbal-limited children) as a tool to develop its other psychological processes, including abstract thinking skills, emotional regulation and prosocial behaviors. Therefore, the interaction (human-to-human, human- to-avatar, avatar-to)-avatar in the virtual world is most important, not the participation in a virtual realm itself. This is the first paper to explore the role of technology in the development of SEL in the age of virtual play.
The purpose of this paper is to examine early childhood teachers' socialization behaviors in their contribution to children's emotional competence. Data were collected from teachers and parents of preschoolers (n=30) in a New York City public elementary school. Teachers' socialization behaviors were measured using a self-report questionnaire, and children's emotional competence was measured at two points in time. Findings indicated that teachers' socialization of children's emotional competence was positively related to children's social-emotional competence. Specifically, teachers' emotional competence socialization behaviors were positively associated with the emotional competence of children in the pre-school classroom and with children's self-reported emotional competence. This research is among the first to examine teacher socialization behaviors in their contribution to young children's emotional competence. As noted by Jones and Bouffard (2012), these contributions constitute everyday strategies based on kernels of evidence, "essential ingredients" compared to "brands" of curricula. Continued pinpointing of these behaviors can benefit both teachers and children in the crucial promotion of emotional competence for both.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the program "My BEST friends, the books," an empirical project (in progress) based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies. The study is based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking (BEST) approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies. The research was carried out in two phases. The first phase was a pilot study, where the researcher had the opportunity to experience the first contact with the preschoolers on the basis of the BEST approach. The second phase was an extended educational program, which included a wider range of activities, structured in 14 modules. This extended program allowed the researcher to devote more time to each one of the concepts and to widely develop the activities of each reading. The findings of the pilot study revealed that children's ideas about picture book characters' social-emotional skills are mainly based on their own personal experiences. They are willing to offer explanations based on verbal and visual elements but they also rely on personal experience. Thus, a systematic content analysis of the picture books texts in combination with interpretative phenomenological analysis (Smith et al., 2009) of the words used by children would provide a deeper understanding of how preschoolers perceive and interpret social-EMotional skills. This paper introduces the program "My BEST friends, the books," an empirical project (in progress) based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking (BEST) approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies.
The purpose of this paper is to report the procedures and outcomes of a cognitive remediation intervention protocol that included offering tangible and practical strategies to cultivate social-emotional skills integrated within a supported education program to facilitate access to post-secondary education and improve quality of life prospects for people with serious with mental health issues. The study used a mixed-methods approach that included a pre-test-post-test design. The pre- and post-test phases of the intervention included a focus group interview, a cognitive remediation training session and a social and emotional learning session. The intervention was followed by a follow-up focus group with the participants to assess the impact of the cognitive training. The study found that participants with mental health issues were significantly more likely to engage in social and emotional learning in the college program than those without mental health problems. The social learning strategies included in the intervention were effective in cultivating social-emotional skills, which, in turn, led to a significant increase in self-efficacy, self-esteem and self-confidence. The study also found that the intervention was effective in facilitating the development of social skills and increased self-awareness. This study is one of the first to report on a cognitive remediation intervention protocol that included offering tangible and practical strategies to cultivate social-emotional skills integrated within a supported education program to facilitate access to post-secondary education and improve quality of life prospects for people with serious with mental health issues in a college setting.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the intersectionality and interdisciplinary contours of socio-emotional learning (SEL). This paper argues that educating globally competent educators can be aided with an SEL lens. This paper seeks to wed SEL with a global citizenship theory called critical cosmopolitan theory (CCT). The paper illustrates this union by examining a case study of a study abroad program for 22 teacher candidates (n=22) from a large research university in the southeast region of the USA. The case study focuses on the impact of international clinical teaching experiences through a study- abroad program to South Africa. The paper uses a SEL lenses to report on how the teacher candidates construct meanings and purposes for global and intercultural competencies as part of this study abroad experience. The paper is based on a case study of a study abroad program for 22 teacher candidates (n=22) from a large research university in the southeast region of the USA. The case study focuses on the impact of international clinical teaching experiences through a study- abroad program to South Africa. The author uses a SEL lens to report on how the teacher candidates construct meanings and purposes for global and intercultural competencies as part of this study abroad experience. The findings of the case study demonstrate how study abroad experiences further nurture SEL skills - like empathy - and to develop global competencies through authentic learning opportunities in a context different than the USA. The study fills a gap in the literature regarding the development of SEL among elementary education teacher candidates. The study fills a gap in the literature regarding the development of SEL among elementary education teacher candidates through study abroad and international teaching experiences. In turn, the teacher candidates have committed to take action in order to share their international opportunities with their future students and guide those future students in reading and rewriting the world as global citizens.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how participants in diverse schools newly implemented the Sanford Harmony social-emotional program and perceive its benefits for students and overall school climate. More specifically, the authors focused on the scale-up potential of Sanford Harmony using a combination of traditional practices allowing for school extensive school autonomy with a more formal "MOU-based" usage model. The authors conducted a mixed-methods study of five schools that implemented the Harmony program. Data were collected using a combination of surveys, focus groups and semi-structured interviews with principals and teachers. Findings indicated expected variation in implementation across schools, although all participants reacted favorably to the program and, importantly, would recommend the program to others. Administrators, teachers and students all saw the value of the program, particularly in terms of student relationship building and improved school climate. Common practices and challenges supported recommendations for strengthening support for schools wanting to sustain the program over time and maximally derive its potential benefits. This mixed-methods study is the first to examine the implementation of the Sanford Harmony social-emotional program and its impact on students and school climate. Findings from the present study support the need for schools to implement the Harmony program in a manner that is consistent with the MOU-based usage model used in this study.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the social-emotional learning (SEL) practices in ten middle schools with high levels of student-reported SEL ("outlier" schools) to understand what practices were being employed to advance students' SEL. The authors conducted a case study of ten middle schools with high levels of student-reported SEL. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with administrators, teachers and staff in each of these schools. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The authors found six overall categories of SEL practices and noted that outlier schools shared the common themes of tailoring SEL approaches to their site, with intentionality and advancing student leadership. The authors also identified two challenges to this work: a lack of consensus around the definition of Sel and limited alignment of practices. This study is one of the first to examine the SEL practices of outlier schools, and it provides important insights for educators and policy makers in California and beyond.
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a process through which people develop knowledge and skills related to self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, relationship skills and responsible decision making. As SEL receives more attention in the field of education, its principles and practices are evolving through interdisciplinary research. Culturally responsive practices (CRP) provide an important lens through which educators can implement SEL in effective, equitable ways for students of color. SEL also intersects with the positive behavioral interventions and supports (PBIS) approach in many ways that can be emphasized to provide effective supports for all students. While practitioners often draw from multiple perspectives such as SEL, CRP and PBIS simultaneously, the research literature provides little guidance for those seeking integrated models of practice. How are these approaches compatible, and where are their areas of divergence? What do real-world practices look like when educators synthesize SEL and CRP with PBIS? The paper aims to discuss these issues. This study used a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of one urban public high school in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers, students and parents, as well as a survey of the school community. The CRPBIS model was found to be compatible with SEL, CRP and PBIS in many ways. However, there were areas of divergence, such as the use of universal screening tools and targeted interventions, and the need to consider the needs of students within the school community. This study is one of the first to examine the integration of SEL, CRP and PBIS in the context of a school community. The CRPBIS model can be used as a guide for educators seeking to develop culturally responsive support systems for students of color in schools.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teacher's perspectives of social and emotional learning (SEL) in Aotearoa New Zealand (NZ) primary schools. Data were collected using a mixed-methods approach, including semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with teachers in Aotearoa New Zealand (NZ) primary schools. The findings show that teachers understand SEL well, with the majority of teachers using the CASEL framework to guide their teaching and learning. However, there is still a lack of understanding of how SEL is actually implemented in schools and how it manifests itself within school curricula. Teachers' perceptions of SEL in Aotearoa New Zealand primary schools are generally positive, with a strong emphasis on the importance of social-emotional competencies in students' learning. This is the first study to explore teachers' perspectives of SEL in Aotearoa New Zealand primary schools. The findings highlight the need for more research on teachers' perceptions of the SEL process in primary schools, as well as their perceptions of how SEL is implemented within school curricula, and the challenges and challenges they face.
The purpose of this paper is to examine associations between the parent component of the school-based, social and emotional learning (SEL) curriculum conscious discipline (CD) and parenting skills, parent-child relationships and child behavior and emotion management. Researchers also looked at whether there were improvements in parent-teacher communication about children's social-emotional development. A mixed-methods study was conducted in four Head Start programs in the USA. Parents who participated in CD PEC were surveyed at the beginning of the seven-week series and again six to eight weeks after classes concluded, while teachers and program staff were interviewed at the end of the series. Parents who attended CD PEC sessions reported increased understanding of the CD skills and strategies, as well as numerous examples of how they were actively practicing new ways of interacting with and supporting their children. Parents reported feeling better prepared to effectively help their children cope with their emotions, including using more positive practices while avoiding punitive actions. Parents and program staff also observed reduced behavior problems and increased emotional competencies among children whose parents took the classes. Overall, parents were receptive to information that helped them better understand normal child development and behavior. The current study provides preliminary evidence that addressing the social-emotional needs of adults (especially parents) is indeed a viable step to helping children improve their social skills, emotion regulation and general behavior. Specifically, this study confirms that programs with CD general curriculum experience can implement CD PEC with fidelity after a brief training and be well received by families and program staff.
The purpose of this qualitative summative content analysis was to examine how robotics program developers perceived the role of emulation of human ethics used when programming robots for use in educational settings. In total, 32 online robotics program developer professional sites which focused on the role of emulation of human ethics used when programming robots for use in educational settings were selected, and the content was analyzed. The phenomena were analyzed to find themes and patterns related to the perceptions of robotics program developers who shared online findings or implications on the roles of emulating human ethics in robots used in the educational setting. The findings of this qualitative content analysis revealed three themes and patterns related to the perceptions of robotics program developers who shared online findings or implications on the role of emulating human ethics in robots for use in educational settings. The themes were: robotics emulation of human ethics is not a new phenomenon; robotics emulation is a new concept; and robotics is not the same as human. The significance of this study is the need for a renewed global initiative in education to promote debates, research and on-going collaboration with scientific leaders on ethics and programming robots. Educational leaders must initiate a change program which will include the re-evaluation of mission statements and the possible implications of the role of emulation of human ethics by robots used in educational settings.
Over a decade of research has called for better use of data in education, yet most schools and local education agencies (LEAs) still struggle to fully use their data to make better decisions. The purpose of this paper is to develop a data competency maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model allows educators to better leverage the data they have today and to begin to plan how to use the data in the future. This paper develops a data competency maturity maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model is based on the authors' research on data-driven decision making and the literature on data analytics. The paper develops a data competency maturity maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model provides educators with a framework for developing data-driven decision-making capabilities and a set of tools and techniques to use the data. The data competency maturity maturity model presented in this paper has the potential to guide schools and local education agencies (LEAs) through developing the ability to use the data they collect. This new approach to maturity in data analytics has implications in many other fields where data analytics is still maturing.
The purpose of this paper is to examine students' levels of autonomy in regards to vocabulary development, teachers' efforts in encouraging autonomous vocabulary learning among university students, application of learner autonomy inside the university's English as a foreign language (EFL) classrooms, and possible benefits of developing vocabulary knowledge. A total of six adult learners (n=6) participated in the study. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and classroom observation notes. A thematic analysis of the interviews and observations was conducted. The results from this study demonstrate how the six adult learners' levels of autonomy were strongly influenced by their teachers' practices inside the classroom as well as their own practice outside the English classes. Although some students are naturally autonomous in their social life activity, the study shows that students' autonomy in vocabulary learning might be reinforced with the teacher's support of learner autonomy and implementation of such learning strategies. This study is the first attempt to examine learner autonomy development within female university-level EFL students in the KSA. Given that English has become the world's predominant lingua franca for academia, business, and politics, this study intends to fill this gap in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ability of the integration of theory of reasoned action (TRA) and technology acceptance model (TAM) to predict and explain university students' intention to use mobile learning (m-learning) in schools. A questionnaire was developed to collect data from university students' intention to use m-learning technology. Structural equation model method was used to analyze the data. The results showed that perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness of m-learning technology were found to be significant predictors of students' intention to use m- learning technology. In addition, perceived usefulness was found to have a significant effect on students' intentions to use mobile learning. The results also showed that the relationship between perceived usefulness and intention to adopt mobile learning technology was mediated by students' attitudes. The integration of TRA and TAM model adopted in this study to investigate students' intention to use m-learning has helped to understand the key determinants that influence students' adoption of technology. The model also helped to explain the relationship between the endogenous and exogenous variables. Also, this study contributes to existing body of knowledge by applying structural equation model method for the analysis of data.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the success of a teacher leadership academy (TLA) in a public school district with a university partnership. This mixed-methods study was designed to answer the following research questions: Does a district/university partnership TLA increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities? How do teachers develop as teacher leaders through participation in a TLA? This mixed-methods study was designed to answer the following research questions: Does a district/university partnership TLA increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities? How do teachers develop as teacher leaders through participation in a TLA? Data were collected through a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The TLA, with its streamlined design and limited resources, did increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities. Further, the qualitative data yielded many insights into the value of this program for teacher leaders. First, the design of the program is worth replicating. Consistent with Sinha and Hanuscin (2017), the movement from didactic learning about teacher leadership to the design and implementation of projects of personal value resulted in empowerment for teachers. They reported learning much from the program and being empowered that they could enact change and lead their colleagues. This mixed-methods study is the first to report on the success of a district/university partnership TLA in a public school district with a university partnership. It is also one of the few studies to examine the impact of a TLA on the development of teacher leadership.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for educational institutions like universities and colleges that would like to offer courses for refugees in the field of computer science. The paper is based on an action-based research of two different courses, namely refugees{code} and a case study of a university-civic cooperation. The case study describes the design and implementation of the courses, as well as the challenges and lessons learned. The results of the action-based research show that the courses were able to provide in-depth skills in the field of programming to refugees, and to put them into the position of being able to further these skills autonomously. It was also found that having a pedagogically trained staff with sufficient knowledge of the English language is necessary to cater to a heterogeneous group, varying teaching strategies according to the needs and skills of the learner. This paper provides a framework for educational institutions like universities and colleges that would like to offer courses for refugees. The framework can be used as a guide for other educational institutions that want to offer similar courses.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the notion of attention regulating skills that are supported by the executive skills of cognitive flexibility, working memory and impulse inhibitory control (Zelazo et al., 2016). It then considers the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it. This is a conceptual paper that draws on the work of Zelazo et al. (2016) on attention regulation, working memory and impulse inhibitory control. It considers the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it. The authors propose that the cognitive competencies of cognitive flexibility, working memory and impulse inhibitory control can all be developed by CfP. The authors then consider the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it. The allocation of degree credit for filmed (demonstrable/observable) compassion, on the hoof, is one motivation for students to participate. This is one of the first papers to explore the neuroscience of compassion in the context of student group work in HE. It is also the first to consider the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of compassion.
The purpose of this paper is to make the case for bringing a culture of compassion into the classroom from preschool to graduate school. In this paper, the author reviews the empirical literature on compassion in education and makes recommendations for bringing compassion into the classroom from preschool to 20. The seeds of compassion are already present within students. Teachers at various stages of a student's education trajectory have an opportunity to contribute to the growth of compassion within each student. Clearly more empirical work is needed to examine the feasibility of bringing compassion into the classroom at different stages of education. This paper makes the case for bringing compassion into the classroom at various stages of the education trajectory, from preschool to graduate school.
The purpose of this paper is to learn whether participation in the mindfulness methodology called integrative inquiry (INIQ) resulted in a difference in students' ethnic identity, as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM). This study used a cross-sectional survey design to measure students' ethnic identity as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM). Participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups: control, INIQ, or no INIQ. Participants completed the MEIM at the beginning and end of the INIQ training program. Students who participated in INIQ reported significantly higher levels of mindfulness than those who did not participate in the INIQ training. In addition, INIQ participants were more likely to be aware of their feelings and thoughts of experiences that have influenced their commitment (or lack thereof) and sense of belonging in their ethnic group, as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM). The findings from this study also suggest that INIQ may increase students' ethnic learning exploration, an important process in ethnic identity development. This study suggests that INIQ increases mindfulness in participants. It also suggests that InIQ may increase students' ethnic learning exploration, which is an important process in ethnic identity development. Educators interested in influencing minority students' positive ethnic identity formation may want to consider making INIQ training available to their undergraduate or graduate students by integrating strategies taught in INIQ in curricula or as part of out-of-class activities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore student leaders' perspectives on how leadership development activities influenced their sense of spirituality and more specifically, how participating in a shared community service project as part of the leadership program influenced theirsense of leadership and spirituality. This case study explored how participation in leadership activities influence students' spirituality via their progression through Baxter Magolda's stages of self-authorship, which ultimately facilitates spiritual understanding (spirituality), spiritual and leadership identities and the capacity to lead. This case study explored student leaders' perspectives on how leadership development activities influenced their sense of spirituality and more specifically, how participating in a shared community service project as part of the leadership program influenced students' sense of leadership and spirituality. Participants engaged in a weekly civic engagement project painting murals with individuals with intellectual disabilities. This study investigated the influence of this community service activity on students' definitions of spirituality, leadership and leadership. The findings from this study suggest that both spirituality and leadership require levels of self-awareness and a connection to a greater purpose. This study illustrates the capacity for leadership development programs to cultivate students' spirituality as well as the potential for educators to be more intentional and deliberate in fostering opportunities for students to delve into their spirituality regardless of if they identify as spiritual or exhibit spiritual behaviors. This study illustrates the capacity for leadership development programs to cultivate students' spiritual development as well as the potential for educators to be more intentional and deliberate in fostering opportunities for students to delve into their spirituality regardless of if they identify as spiritual or exhibit spiritual behaviors. Having an ongoing civic engagement opportunity such as the mural project is an innovative and intentional technique to foster spiritual development among college students.
Informed by education policy analysis methods, the purpose of this paper is to explore restorative practices (RP) and consider such practices important to study due to the unintended effects stemming from "traditional" obedience-oriented punitive approaches to school discipline. Based on the analysis of current research, the authors explain that when RP are integrated with social emotional learning (SEL) programming, it is an opportunity for educational practitioners to address issues around race, gender, disability, and other aspects of diversity. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP. Informed by education policy analysis methods, this paper explores RP and considers such practices important to study due to the unintended effects stemming from "traditional" obedience-oriented punitive approaches to school discipline (American Psychological Association Zero Tolerance Task Force, 2008; O'Malley and Austin, 2014). Based on the analysis of current research, the authors explain that when RP are integrated with SEL programming, it is an opportunity for educational practitioners to address issues around race, gender, disability, and other aspects of diversity. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP. This paper contributes to the understanding of the connections between the work occurring in schools that is both dedicated to developing students' skills in SEL and to RP. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP.
Learning analytics (LA) is a growing domain of research that is on the one hand enthusiastically exploring the potential of big data, but on the other hand provoking more and more critical considerations, for instance about ethics and privacy. Referring to maturity models in information systems, the authors argue that LA research involving big data can be complemented by a more modest approach based on "small data" that is readily available within institutions. This approach makes it possible to learn about expectations regarding, and challenges for LA within the short term. The paper aims to discuss these issues. The authors present an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results. The authors use the dashboard as a conversation starter for learning analytics research. The authors demonstrate that small data can be used as a conversation starter for learning analytics in higher education. The authors demonstrate this approach by presenting an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results. This paper is the first attempt to use small data as a conversation starter for learning analytics research. The authors demonstrate this approach with an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results.
The purpose of this paper is to present the first evaluations and experiences from the use of visualizations of affective states for students and attempts to identify future research directions in this domain. The research questions are the following: How are the visualizations that the authors have developed for students in terms of their perceived usefulness and ease of use? Which insights are supported by the affective visualizations regarding their capability to support awareness? Two studies were conducted with different groups of students in higher education programs at two different universities. The pilot study was conducted with a group of students with a background in visualization techniques, whereas the second study was done with students with little knowledge of visualization techniques. The first user study (n=10) was conducted to improve the visualizations. The second user study was used to create additional visualizations for the enhanced environment. A total of 105 students participated in the pilot study. The usability of the visualizations was evaluated by the students in terms of their perceived usefulness and insight. The visualizations were found to be usable in the pilot study with a group of students with a background in visualization techniques, whereas the usability was evaluated in the second user study with students with little knowledge of visualization techniques. The findings from the first user study (n=10) were used to create additional visualizations. In the second study, the authors used suggestions of these students to create new visualizations for the enhanced environment. To the authors' knowledge, no studies can be found that evaluate the capabilities of different visualization techniques to support awareness of emotions in learning environments. Also, most evaluations of learning visualizations are done by teachers. Empirical studies focusing on the evaluation of visualizations by students that provide insight into the usability of these visualizations is largely lacking.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether students at the tertiary level who are undergoing an entrepreneurship module is able to engage in a critical reflection in the process of learning, and analyze the emerging themes on entrepreneurship from those students who are able to achieve Levels 2, 3 and 4 of Hatton and Smith's (1995) framework of critical reflection. This research was carried out among the undergraduate students of the third and final year, majoring in entrepreneur and business administration in University Utara Malaysia (UUM). As to assess the appreciation of reflection-in-action among the students of entrepreneurship, the students were requested to hand in two reflective learning logs which contain their reflection that will be used as part of the coursework assessment for the entrepreneurship module. The researcher adopted the reflective practice as a method for teaching entrepreneurship and the toolkit used is reflective learning log. The findings of the study revealed that the students were able to identify the emerging themes on entrepreneurship from the reflective learning log. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference between the students who are able to achieve Levels 2, 3 and 4 of Hatton and Smith's (1995) framework of critical reflection. Significance of the study is that the researcher adopts the reflective practice as a method for teaching entrepreneurship and the data collection techniques are researcher-directed textual data through reflective learning log. Given its importance, reflective skills have now being recognized as an important proficiency among the professionals and being treated as a good source for critical thinking development, enhancing self-monitoring as well as leading to one having developed good reasoning skills. Furthermore, reflective exercise has also become a vital component for most professional degree programs, namely nursing, teaching and business capstone courses that require final year students to recap and reflect before the end of their university's tenure.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a website that combines free writing opportunities with the improvement of orthography skills. IDeRBlog is an abbreviation for "Individuell DiffErenziert Richtig Schreiben mit Blogs" (Individually DifferEntiated correctly wRiting with Blogs). The aim of the website is to intrinsically motivate pupils to write texts as well as to read and to comment on texts written by fellow students and continuously considering the improvement in German orthography. From the perspective of LA IDeRBlog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthographic skills. Individual evaluations are provided to each text as well as recommendations for each text exercises. In comparison to studies on orthography IDe RBlog benefits from a large number of users and hence it has the advantage of an exceptionally huge sample of student's texts and spelling mistakes. Analyzing and evaluating the data are assumed to uncover new aspects of the learning process. IDeRBlog offers students a unique blending of blogging and various opportunities to improve their orthographic skills. While the writing and working with the "intelligent dictionary" can be considered as the core function of the website it is enriched by a vast amount of print and online exercises as well as courses on various orthographic phenomena. From the perspective of LA IDeR blog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthography skills, the holistic approach and the integration of LA in the whole process. IDeRBlog offers students a unique blending of blogging and various opportunities to improve their orthographic skills. While the writing and working with the "intelligent dictionary" can be considered as the core function of the website it is enriched by a vast amount of print and online exercises as well as courses on various orthographic phenomena. From the perspective of LA IDeR blog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthography skills.
The purpose of this paper is to apply data mining/machine learning algorithms to students' data, as students are progressing through a course, in order to predict which students are at risk of not satisfying course requirements, or are rather likely to fail. The identification of such students would then enable educators to carry out various forms of early intervention or provide additional and more tailored support as mitigation measures. The authors used some of the widely used classifiers, namely, random forest (Breiman, 2001), logistic regression (LR), Naive Bayes (Cortes and Vapnik, 1995) and K-nearest neighbor (Hechenbichler and Schliep, 2004), to answer the posed questions. The authors also used process conformance testing to extend the features of the classifiers. EDM techniques are then evaluated on two kinds of data sets, one with process mining features and other without. The results show that the proposed EDM techniques are effective in predicting students' academic performance on the MOOCs data set. However, the integration of process mining features is able to increase the effectiveness of the machine learning algorithms in predicting academic performance. The results also show that process conformance testing can be used to extend the features. This study is one of the first attempts to integrate process mining features with machine learning algorithms to predict academic performance in MOOCs data set.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in the education system. The authors discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in the education system. They then offer recommendations for the growth of educational innovations. The authors discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in our education system. The authors offer recommendations for the growth of educational innovations. This paper provides a systemic discussion of educational innovations, identifies the barriers to innovation, and outlines potential directions for effective innovations.
The purpose of this paper is to present an adaptation of a program that is at the intersection of two dynamic force fields. The first relates to imperatives impinging upon and inherent in higher education. The second ties to the concept of ecosystems as spaces for aligning actors and resources to create value. As noted by educational thought leaders, the confluence of such forces may be an indication of an inflection point that signals disruption to long-standing constraints as to how we think about education as well as offering extraordinary strategic opportunities (Brandenburger, 2013). This paper presents an adaptation of a program that is at the intersection of two dynamic force fields. The first relates to imperatives impinging upon and inherent in higher education. The second ties to the concept of ecosystems as spaces for aligning actors and resources to create value. As noted by educational thought leaders, the confluence of such forces may be an indication of an inflection point that signals disruption to long-standing constraints as to how we think about education as well as offering extraordinary strategic opportunities. The prototype program described in this paper points to a number of implications for the future of higher education services in regional development: the university can play the role of the ecosystem integrator. As with the pilot program, participants can develop new capabilities aimed toward co-creating unique solutions to pressing local and regional challenges. In turn, the regional development program can now spawn new platforms to address regional and global imperatives. This illustrates the power of strong platforms as they become "autocatalytic", or self-accelerating, with an effective platform allowing more rapid development of the next iteration. The notion of the university creating and capturing value as a regional ecosystem integrator will spur new business models that further blur the lines between tangible vs intangible incentives and public vs private sector financing.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of narrative structures in instructional massive open online course (MOOC) designs. MOOCs can help in making knowledge available for everybody without limitations in time and space, at least theoretically. However, the so-called democratizing process of education that they were supposed to trigger did not take place in the way experts predicted it almost ten years ago. This paper is based on a case study of the Dr Internet MOOC, an open online course designed by the same authors. The data were collected from the course's website and the course itself, as well as from a survey of the course participants. The authors analyzed the course data using a qualitative content analysis approach. The results do not provide any support for the effectiveness of the design patterns in questions, but there is no clear indication that they do not work. The attendance numbers fell short of expectations, so further research with larger sample sizes is needed to produce more data on the subject. This is one of the first studies to examine the effectiveness of narrative structures in instructional MOOC designs. It is also the first study to use the suspense peak approach to analyze MOOCs.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the major issues involved in knowledge dissemination using computers (often called e-Learning) following the author's own experiences. The paper is based on the author's own experiences and observations of developments over the last 50 years. Examples and anecdotes are used to prove some of the points. The paper finds that there are a number of important issues that need to be taken into account when designing and implementing e-Learning systems. These include the following issues: student feedback is essential to make it possible to modify material for individuals or groups of individuals and that continuing testing of the level of understanding is important to provide alternatives and to provide encouraging feedback. The paper is based on the author's own experiences. It is a survey of developments, many of them ending up in a dead-end road. This is what makes this paper also of interest for further research and innovation by showing that certain things do not work or work only if special attempts are made.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a synopsis of the current state of refugee education in both Sweden and the USA, and an overview of the importance of integration of refugees into their host nations' societies, anchored by findings from a two-site case study conducted in Northern Sweden. A two-site case study was conducted in Northern Sweden to examine the challenges of integrating refugees into the local communities. Data were collected through interviews, focus groups and observations. The data were analyzed using content analysis. A major concern stemming from the case study data were a lack of integration into the small communities due to lack of opportunities, mirroring the literature. Two possible solutions offered were to increase opportunities for interaction between native and refugee populations (relational closeness); and bolster funding for the education of refugee school-age children and adolescents, and adults so that effective strategies and environment described in the literature can be put into place by effectively trained educators. These solutions could improve the cultural competence among all peoples in both nations, better enabling the two countries to provide economically and socially sustainable environments for all of their inhabitants. This is the first study of its kind to examine refugee education in Sweden and the USA. The findings of this study suggest that the use of culture competence and relational closeness may be best to address the challenges of educating displaced peoples not only in the USA and Sweden, but across the globe. This paper provides a synopsis of the current state of refugee education and an overview of the importance of integration of refugees into their host nations' societies.
The purpose of this paper is to look at the state-of-the-art of stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) in econometrics, in the sense that it spells out and emphasizes not well-known research methodologies which could be useful for advancing the topic toward more credible and efficient results. The first lesson to learn in proposing models in empirical research is that we need to be careful with their validity and that should be based upon theories. The actual accepted SFM came out from the fact that a naive model is not regular, so that, among other things, the standard maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) method cannot be used. Afterward, when trying to make the statistical analysis more credible, by relaxing parametric assumptions, it seems useful to point out the sieves MLE method for, say, semi-nonparametric estimation in SFM. The authors emphasize the need to check regularity of proposed models before proceeding to statistical analysis. They call researchers to pay attention to a not very well known nonparametric estimation method (MLE based) which should be used in SFM to render SFA more credible. They illustrate Grenander's method of sieves with an example of identification and estimation of an infinitely dimensional parameter in a diffusion model. Finally, they touch upon causal inference in SFA with emphasis on using regression discontinuity designs. This paper is viewed as an addition to existing surveys on the state-of-the-art of stochastic frontier analysis in econometrics, in the sense that it spells out and emphasizes not well-known research methodologies which could be useful for advancing the topic toward more credible and efficient results.
The purpose of this paper is to explain how econometrics can help fight the COVID-19 pandemic. To properly control the pandemic, it is important to be able to predict the effect of different possible measures. The existing models do not work well. The authors use the example of the COVID-19 pandemic to show how econometrics can help to predict the effect of different measures. The authors have shown that if we control the epidemic based only on the current number of sick people - which reflects the number of infected people two weeks ago - we are bound to have oscillations instead of the desired end to the epidemic: at first, we cut down on the numbers of new cases; then we ease the restrictions and the number-of-infected people starts to rise again. Once we have reached the long period of low number of newly sick folks, if we completely eliminate the restrictions, we may have a new outburst - that we will not notice for two weeks, during which time, it may again become catastrophic. So, to avoid the new outburst, we need to keep some restrictions, even when the number is very low. This is the first time that econometrics has been applied to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the authors have shown how it can help to predict the effect of different measures on the epidemic.
The purpose of this paper is to present in a simple formulation the methodology to represent by numerical measures the qualitative similarities, and to a certain extent, the qualitative dissimilarities, expressed by experts. Such similarity or dissimilarity measures are usually chosen arbitrarily among the long list of possibilities, without checking if they correspond to the expert's interpretation of his/her spontaneous evaluations. The authors follow Tversky's paradigm based on measurement theory to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which the authors express in an intuitive formulation. The authors follow Tversky's paradigm based on measurement theory to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which the authors express in an intuitive formulation. Then the authors present general classes of similarities that satisfy several of these axioms. The authors highlight independence axiOM that are pointed out by Tversy (1977). The authors then develop these concepts on the illustrative example. The authors present general classes of similarity measures that satisfy several axioms that are pointed out by Tversky (1977). The authors highlight the importance of the independence axiomatic that are used to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which are expressed in an intuitive formulation. The paper presents in a simple formulation the methodology to represent by numerical measures the qualitative similarities, and to a certain extent, the qualitative dissimilarities expressed by experts. Such similarity measures are usually chosen arbitrarily among the long list of possibilities, without checking if they correspond to the expert's interpretation of his/her spontaneous evaluations. It is therefore important to interact with him/her to find out what kind of properties he/she considers to be natural in terms of the behaviour of the similarity or dissimilarity he/ she expresses.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive probabilistic structure which might be able to resolve different "anomalies" or deviations observed from the predictions of classical Nash Equilibria, a central concept of game theory. Quantum-like modelling in social science has emerged as a true alternative in understanding real agent's behaviour. However, the authors always remind readers that there is no real quantum physical process being claimed as underlying the human behaviour, or market behaviours. The authors focus on the novel mathematical and logical concepts, tools or frameworks widely used in quantum mechanics, or quantum field theory, or even in classical optics (Haven and Khrennikova, 2018). Quantum-like modelling in game theory can be a useful alternative in understanding real agent's behaviour. However, the authors always remind readers that there is no real quantum physical process being claimed as underlying the human behaviour, or market behaviours. The authors focus on the novel mathematical and logical concepts, tools or frameworks widely used in quantum mechanics, or quantum field theory, or even in classical optics (Haven and Khrennikova, 2018). This paper is the first attempt to provide a comprehensive probabilistic structure which might be able to resolve different "anomalies" or deviations observed from the predictions of classical Nash Equilibria (NE here).
Banks and credit institutions face classification problem each time they consider a loan application. A bank aims to have a tool to discriminate between solvent and potentially delinquent borrowers, i.e. the tool to predict whether the applicant is going to meet his or her obligations or not. Classification algorithms can either produce so-called "black box" models with limited interpretability of model result, or, on the contrary, provide interpretable results and transparent model structure. As a rule, black-box models have superior accuracy and less sophisticated models may provide less accurate predictions. This is also shown in previous work as soon as credit scoring problem has been approached with various statistical and machine learning techniques. However, the key feature of banking risk management practice is that, regardless of the model accuracy, it should not be a black box. Regulators require that banks are able to provide reject reasons for borrowers and also when central banks examine the bank models they have to understand economic intuition behind them to prove the models are going to In this paper, the authors propose query-based classification approach to credit scoring problem. Model interpretability versus model accuracy is discussed and it is emphasized that model transparency is an important requirement in banking risk management. The authors define properties of interpretability and demonstrate that proposed algorithms satisfy them. The proposed algorithms also address the continuous target variable prediction with query- based regression algorithm. The proposed algorithms allow user to extract interpretable rules for prediction and at the same time they outperform wide-spread methods in banking (e.g. scorecards, decision trees), however, black box models may have superior accuracy at the cost of interpretability. This paper introduces data analysis algorithms that have accuracy superior to simple algorithms widely adopted within the banks (such as logisitic regression, decision trees and scorecards) and still maintain the property of interpretability in sense that they provide a decision-maker with a set of rules applicable to assess the borrower. This paper introduces query-based classification approach to credit scoring problem.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of foreign capital inflows on economic activities and asset prices using a two-regime Bayesian threshold vector autoregressive model. This study uses the two-regime Bayesian threshold vector autoregressive (TVAR) model developed by Alessandri and Mumtaz (2017). The empirical estimation of the model is carried out using South Korean data that consists of capital inflows, macroeconomic variables and asset prices. The Bayesian TVAR allows the impact of foreign capital infl flows to vary with an internally estimated threshold. The empirical results show that the impact of foreign capital inflows on asset prices and economic activities is not uniform across the regimes of capital flows. In addition, the results also show that foreign capital shifts are more likely to be associated with short-term investments and credit expansion than long-term investment flows. This study attempts to resolve methodological limitations by examining a non-linear VAR model that is capable of capturing the structural breaks and regime shifts associated with the cyclical behaviors of foreign capital inflows.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a theoretical model to determine factors affecting consumer intention to use credit cards, including perceived risk, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and social influence. A total of 485 valid questionnaires were collected from bank customers in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed model. The results show that the intended use of credit cards is affected by perceived risk, followed by perceived usefulness, social influence, perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness. All these factors encourage consumer to use credit cards, except perceived risk. Moreover, perceived risk and social influence are antecedents of perceived usefulness on credit cards. This study is a pioneering effort in context of credit card adoption by proposing a theoretical model to determine factors affecting consumer intention to use credit cards, including perceived risk from TPR, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and social influence from TRA, TAM, TPB and UTAUT.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the stability analysis in the sense of Holder calmness of the solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed. In this paper, the authors are successful in establishing the Holder calmness of solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed. To be more precise, sufficient conditions for the solution map to be Holder calm are established. In this paper, the authors are successful in establishing the Holder calmness of solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed. The results are new. These main results are applied to some special cases including mean-variance portfolio and Nash equilibrium problem. Tools used in this paper can be used for investigating more generalized settings.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of androgynous leadership in the COVID-19 pandemic. The authors propose that an "androgynous" leadership style has been used effectively by some political leaders around the globe in the crisis. This paper proposes that now is a critical time for leaders to take up that style, drawing from the full portfolio of behaviors available to them. The authors examine four leaders, providing examples of their masculine and feminine behaviors in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The authors find that leaders who practice androgynous leadership have seen a significant decrease in new COVID-19 cases and deaths, according to European center for disease prevention and control statistics. However, the two leaders who have limited themselves to masculine behaviors have continued to see new cases of the pandemic grow. This is one of the first studies to examine androgynous leadership in the context of COVID-19. The authors believe that this is the first study to examine the role of androgyny as a leadership style in a crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the gendering of Covid-19 in the Italian context and discuss the practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery. The authors first explore the socio-political-cultural patterns that underpin the social injustices that have characterised the Italian response to the Covod-19 pandemic. Subsequently, the authors analyse theGendering approach of the Italian leadership and offer some reflections and suggestions for a future that accounts for greater gender inclusion. To do so, the authors first explore the socio-political-cultural patterns that underpin the social injustices that have characterised the Italian response to Covid-19. Subsequently, they analyse the gendering of the pandemic leadership, before offering some reflections and suggestions for a future that accounts for greater gender inclusion. The paper argues that the gendering of Covid-19 in Italy is deeply embedded in the social and cultural practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery. This is the first attempt to analyse the gendering of Covid-19 in the Italian context and discuss the practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery.
The purpose of this paper is to share the author's experiences of teaching leadership in the wake of the recent pandemic. This paper is a personal reflection on the impact of the current pandemic on leadership education. It draws on the author's own experiences as a feminist academic and educator. It also draws on her experience as a teacher. The author argues that the pandemic is one huge "teachable moment" that cannot be wasted, and that the classroom is the most fundamental space for social change. This paper offers a unique perspective on leadership education in the wake of the current pandemic. It is a personal reflection on the impact of the pandemic on the classroom as a space for social change. It also offers practical advice on how to manage the "Day After" with care.
The purpose of this paper is to consider how individuals' work-family interface has been affected by its being enacted during a pandemic, how well these effects are addressed in the extant literatures on the intersection of gender, work and family and their implications for post-pandemic research in the field. The author considers how individuals' work-family interface has been affected by its being enacted during a pandemic, how well these effects are addressed in the extant literatures on the intersection of gender, work and family and their implications for post-pandemic research in the field. This article offers numerous recommendations for a post-pandemic research agenda, including future research on essential workers, virtual workers, workers with enhanced family demands, single employed parents, social supports, and issues of gender associated with these topics. This is the first paper to consider the implications for post-pandemic research of a pandemic during a work-family lockdown. It offers recommendations for future research on essential workers, virtual workers, workers with enhanced family demands, single employed parents, social supports and gender issues associated with these populations and topics.
The purpose of this paper is to review four potential ways in which the pandemic may impact the gender gap in employment and advancement. This paper is based on a review of the literature on gender equality and the COVID-19 pandemic. The author has included all relevant research on the pandemic and gender. Four potential ways in which the pandemic may impact the gender gap in employment and advancement are reviewed. First, gender segregation in occupations can affect the rate at which women and men lose their jobs. Second, if female-dominated occupations are more likely to be characterized as "essential," women's work may expose them to a greater risk of infection and work-related stress. Third, women have traditionally borne greater responsibility for childcare and other domestic duties than men and these responsibilities may be exacerbated by the pandeline, particularly with school closures and reduced availability of social services, such as daycare and eldercare. Fourth, rather than merely a temporary solution to the pand epidemic, the increase in telecommuting may lead to long-term changes in job flexibility and fathers' contribution to childcare, or it may place an even greater burden on women who have more domestic responsibilities than men. This is the first review of the gender gap in employment and advancement in COVID-19 and the pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to an unprecedented shift towards full-time homebased work across all socio-economic groups. It is inevitable that such radical changes to the organisation of work will impact the future relationship between the labour process and the domestic sphere. This paper aims to explore some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces. Drawing on a conception of social space as a "(social) product" (Lefebvre, 1991, p. 26), this "thought piece" explores some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces under COVID-19. The authors argue that the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an unprecedented shift towards full-time homebased work across all socio-economic groups. It is inevitable that such radical changes to the organisation of work will impact the future relationship between the labour process and the domestic sphere. This has very immediate impacts on the lives of those currently operating from their kitchens, living rooms and spare bedrooms. The authors conclude by suggesting the importance of engaging critically and comprehensively with the realities of homebased working. This paper offers a novel conceptualisation of social space as a "(social) product" (Lefebvre, 1991, p. 26) and explores some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces. The authors conclude by suggesting the importance of engaging critically with the realities of homebased working.
The purpose of this paper is to extend Lewis and Simpson's (2010) work on the complexity of (in)visibility and explore what it means to women's entrepreneurship in Canada during the COVID-19 pandemic. This is a conceptual paper that provides an overview of the complexities of the (in)visibility vortex as it relates to women's entrepreneurship during COVID-19 using Canada as a case example. The authors conclude the (in)visibility of women entrepreneurs as deeply embedded and that there is a continued need to advocate for a gender and diversity lens, to ensure inclusive recovery that benefits women and diverse entrepreneurs. This paper extends Lewis and Simpson's (2010) work on the complexity of (in)visibility and explores what it means to women's entrepreneurship in Canada during the COVID-19 pandemic. It illuminates the important differences within this broad category and deepens our understanding of these trends and their impact. The complexities of intersectionality are critical to understand, and their recognition can help to drive a clear evidence base, as well as advocacy as advocacy.
The threat of COVID-19 led to national lockdowns in many countries around the globe in February and March of 2020 and as a result many people experienced their homes becoming their place of work, often with very little warning and limited time for preparation. Lockdown also meant that nurseries, schools and universities closed their doors and education continued, or was expected to continue, in the home. These unprecedented actions resulted in many white-collar workers having to adapt to enforced and full-time working from home, while at the same time adjusting to all members of their household being together in their home 24/7. The purpose of this paper is to consider the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examine what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures, and suggestions for future research are offered. This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures. This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures and suggestions for future research are offered. This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures and suggestions for future research are offered.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the "gendering" of contamination in the context of COVID-19. In doing so, the authors draw on understandings of contamination (Douglas, 1966) and on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint. Drawing on understandings of contamination (Douglas, 1966) and on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint, the authors explore the "gendering" of contamination in the context of COVID-19. The authors show that contamination is rooted in structural disadvantage, reproducing classed, gendered and racial difference in terms of how it is encountered and experienced. The authors highlight key inequities in the physical exposure to and transmission of the disease; how the effects of social distancing and social isolation are shaped by gender and class; as well as how, set against the "moral purity" of personal sacrifice, elite practices of non-compliance and attitudes of entitlement can be seen as a form of defilement and moral taint. Drawing on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint, the authors show that contamination is rooted in structural disadvantage, reproducing classed, gendered and racial difference in terms of how it is encountered and experienced. The authors take "gendering" to include not just a focus on gender relations and gendered power, but other forms of inequality, for example, around class, ethnicity or occupation.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities. This paper is a critical feminist analysis of the COVID-19 pandemic, drawing out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities in relation to foodwork. The paper argues that the pandemic reveals and accentuates existing social and health inequalities related to food access and food production and creates new food-related vulnerabilities and moralities now and in the future. It introduces the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the COVID-19 pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities. This paper introduces the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the COVID-19 pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between work-life balance (WLB) and emotional exhaustion experienced by employees who were working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and how this relationship differs between male and female employees. The possible association between perceived participative leadership and work interference with personal life was examined, and the association between emotional exhaustion and gender was also explored. This study used a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that WLB was found to be positively related to emotional exhaustion experienced by employees working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and the relationship between WLB and emotional exhaustion differed between male and female employees. The study also found that perceived participative leadership was positively associated with work interference with personal life, and work interference was negatively associated with emotional exhaustion. Gender differences in emotional exhaustion were also found. This study is the first of its kind to explore the relationship between WLB and emotional exhaustion experienced by employees who were working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and how this relationship differs between male and female employees. The possible association between perceived participative leadership and work interference with personal life was also examined.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic created a gender gap in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home. The authors conducted a cross-sectional survey among dual-career parents working from home in India. The authors used a 2 (work productivity: high vs low) x 2 (domestic work: low vs high) between-subjects factorial design. The authors found a gender gap in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home during the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. The authors also found that the gender gap was more pronounced among women than among men, and that women were more likely than men to experience burnout. This is the first study to examine gender differences in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home during the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic.
The purpose of this paper is to share the authors' personal reflections during COVID-19 in the UK and draw upon existing scholarship with the aim of highlighting key issues for women managers, leaders and precarious academic women in organisations and in the academy. The authors share their personal reflections during COVID-19 in the UK and draw upon existing scholarship with the aim of highlighting key issues for women managers, leaders and precarious academic women. The authors' personal reflections of their gendered experiences during COVID-19 have surfaced responsibility, ambiguity, resilience, emotion work, vulnerability, abjection, anxiety, guilt, precarity and have provoked reflexivity. The authors conclude by providing direct lines of enquiry for future research. This paper is timely, controversial and can be grounded and contextualised within the interdisciplinary fields of gender and management. The authors conclude by providing direct lines of enquiry for future research.
The purpose of the feasibility analysis is to assess the viability of a potential venture and identify both needed resources and major problems in the present so that they can be remedied at an early stage of the start-up process. The purpose of this paper is to propose an enhanced five-part feasibility analysis that is tailored to include a longer-term view, which more effectively assesses the overall feasibility of the new venture after the doors are opened, more so than the traditional what-do-we-need-to-do -to-open-the-doors approach of the traditional four-part analysis. The paper is based on a review of the literature on entrepreneurship and strategic management theory, and the authors' own experience in the field of new venture management. The proposed strategic lens enhances the effectiveness of the feasibility analysis by aligning it with strategic management theory. This strategic lens offers a longer-term focused perspective/analysis, an important focus along with the immediate and urgent concerns or needs of the typical new venture as examined in the traditional four-part feasibility analysis. The proposed strategic lens enhances the effectiveness of the feasibility analysis by aligning it with strategic management theory. Strategic management theory emphasizes organizational uniqueness as a strength and so the enhanced five-part feasibility analysis is tailored to include a longer-term view, which more effectively assesses the overall feasibility of the new venture after the doors are opened.
In 2013, Michael Morris and his colleagues reported in the Journal of Small Business Management that 40 students reported a significant increase in 9 of 13 entrepreneurial competencies following a six-week international consulting project with disadvantaged entrepreneurs in South Africa. At the time, the paper was described as a pilot study, but the results have assumed greater importance given the rise of competency-based education in the interim. This paper extends the seminal work of Morris et al. (2013b) by asking whether perceived entrepreneurial competency can be improved in a semester-long classroom setting. This study is a form of systematic replication using the same instrument. The original study was conducted in two phases. First, it engaged 10 experienced entrepreneurs and 10 entrepreneurship faculty in a Delphi study to identify a set of entrepreneurial competencies. Second, the authors applied this instrument to a convenience sample of students engaged in an intensive international consulting experience to assess whether any of the self-reported competencies could be improved through experiential entrepreneurship education. The authors found that students reported significant improvements in 9 of 13 entrepreneurial competencies. The authors replicated the results of the original study using a convenience sample of students engaged in an intensive six-week international consulting project with disadvantaged entrepreneurs in South Africa. This paper extends the seminal work of Morris et al. (2013b) by asking whether perceived entrepreneurial competencies can be improved in a semester-long classroom setting. Few students can afford to spend six weeks abroad on an international consulting project to improve their entrepreneurial competency, so the question is of intrinsic interest to educators serving lower socio-economic populations. While this study is not a direct replication of the initial paper, it is a form of systematic replication using the same instrument.
The study aims at understanding the influence of the university's environment and support system (ESS) in shaping the social entrepreneurial intention (SEI) of male and female students, i.e. their intent to become a social entrepreneur. The study proposes a conceptual model based on the work of Hockerts (2017) and Mair and Noboa (2006). The model is tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) on a sample of 585 students from a Canadian university. The results of the study provide confirmation that the proposed model is multi-group invariant and appropriate for analysing the SEI of male and female students. They also show that the university's ESS helps predict SEI indirectly through the mediation of the more proximal antecedents. Furthermore, the study was able to show that students' perceptions of venture feasibility and desirability play a mediating role in the relationship between ESI and SEI. The study also extended the ESS as an additional additional construct, which together with ESI affect SEI by influencing the proximal factors of ETO, SER, PSE and PCS. The study proposes a methodology grounded in theory that can help universities design their educational and other interventions aimed at encouraging more students to consider social entrepreneurship as a viable career choice after graduation. The outcomes of the study can help to assess the efficacy of their social innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives for instilling a social entrepreneurial mind-set in students.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that the majority of entrepreneurs suffer from elevated rates of overconfidence. It is further argued that this is a common psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that result in firm failure. Using research and theory from the cognitive and psychological perspectives as well as empirical results from the entrepreneurship literature, this paper proposes that the majority of entrepreneurs suffer from elevated rates of overconfidence. It is further argued that this is a psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that result in firm failure. Three formal propositions are developed and discussed. First, overconfidence is a common psychological attribute of entrepreneurs that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that will result in firm failure. Second, entrepreneurs with high levels of overconfidence are more likely to fail than entrepreneurs with low levels. Third, entrepreneurs who are more confident in their abilities to assess market opportunities are less likely to make bad bets, which leads to firm failures. This paper is the first to propose that overconfidence is a common psychological attribute of entrepreneurs that leads to firm failure. It is argued that this is a psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that will result in firm failure, and that they are not able to properly assess market opportunities or execute on these (flawed) opportunities, which results in failure.
The performance of female majority-owned businesses (FNVs) compared to male majority- owned ventures (MNVs) has been a topic of significant debate in academia. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the differential contribution to performance due to a difference in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs and, more importantly, how these differences impact venture performance. The Kauffman Firm Survey (KFS), an eight-year panel dataset of the new ventures of the US economy, was used for this study. The dataset contains an abundance of variables that capture data on the entire owner team. The richness of data allowed testing of multiple relevant hypotheses, and more precise empirical analysis methods were used. The Fairlie (2005) and Blinder-Oaxaca (Blinder, 1973; Oaxaca, 1973) decomposition methods were employed to analyze the data. The results show that FNVs outperform MNVs in terms of new venture performance. However, the difference in performance is due to differences in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs. Specifically, FNVs are found to be more likely to be profitable than MNVs, while MNVs are less likely to achieve profitability. This is the first study to empirically examine the differential contribution to performance due to a difference in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs. The results of this analysis could inform policymakers on whether policy support for new ventures needs to be tailored as per the gender ownership of the new venture. Similarly, investors and entrepreneurs will be better informed about potential pitfalls given the gender ownership structure of new ventures, and hence, will be more prepared to navigate the challenges.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of leadership in business model innovation (BMI) in an entrepreneurial firm from an emerging economy, India. Using the framework created from innovation, the strategy literature and a single case study of an entrepreneurial venture in the multimedia education sector from an emerging economy, India, the paper explores the following questions: How does a leader or a CEO affect the business model innovation (BMI) process? How does the leader contribute in initialization and continuation of BMI? In this research, a deductive approach of case-study method was selected and the entrepreneurial multimedia venture from India and its new BMI in design education were studied. The case study explains the role of a leader in starting or initiating BMI in an entrepreneurial firm and the leader's very high involvement in execution and continuation of developing BMI. It was observed that the leader not only influenced the triggering of BMI through the creation of a creative organization but also influenced the process of BMI by motivating his team and employees, thereby making a tangible contribution in the work being done by evaluating the creative ideas of people. The paper has made multiple contributions, first, it focuses on the under research stream of process of BMI as suggested by Foss and Saebi (2016). Theoretically, for the first time, it explains how, where and why a leader gets involved in the BMI process. Empirically, It explains, using a single case of an entrepreneurial firm in the emerging market of India, the role of leadership in BMI.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework of business model innovation by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature. The review aims to provide a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovations. This paper is based on a comprehensive review of the extant literature on business model innovation. A total of 188 peer-reviewed journal articles were reviewed and analysed. The review provides a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovation by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature. The findings of the review provide a clear answer as to how firms change their business models by including terms that reflect business model innovations, namely, value proposition, value creation and value capture. In addition, the review uncovers areas where alternative business models can be explored. Unlike previous reviews that mainly focused on the general construct of "Business Model", the review focuses on uncovering how firms change their existing business model(s) by including terms that reflect business model innovation, namely, value proposition, value creation and value capture. The review provides a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovations by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of social dominance orientation (SDO) in what drives some women into social entrepreneurship and away from conventional entrepreneurship. Social dominance theory (SDT) suggests that individuals possess stable beliefs about traditional gender and race roles, which Sidanius and Pratto (1999) call social dominance and are the result of myths that society believes. Society often encourages males to be aggressive, risk-taking and competitive, whereas females are usually encouraged to be more community orientated, passive and less aggressive. Society generally encourages prejudice against women who possess the qualities necessary to succeed as conventional entrepreneurs, whereas it encourages some women to have communal traits associated with social entrepreneurship (gentleness, sensitivity, affection, sympathy, etc.). Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 women in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results show that social dominance orientation (SDO) has a significant impact on female entrepreneurial intention. Social dominance orientation has a positive impact on the intention to start social entrepreneurship, whereas it has a negative impact on conventional entrepreneurship. The authors also found that the effect of SDO on entrepreneurial intention is moderated by gender. This is the first study to examine the impact of social dominance orientation on female entrepreneurial intention. This study contributes to the literature by examining the role of perception in what drives some women into social entrepreneurship and away from conventional entrepreneurship.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and empirically test the moderating role of founding assets in the relationship between founders' human capital (HC) and new venture growth (NVG) in the context of new firms. The hypotheses were empirically tested with a sample of 4,923 firms in the longitudinal panel data set from the Kauffman Firm Survey (KFS) for the period from 2004 to 2011. The results show that founders' HC has a positive effect on NVG. However, the moderating role of founding assets at founding is not significant in the relationship between founders'HC and NVG, suggesting that founding assets do not moderate this relationship. This study contributes to a better understanding of the process through which entrepreneurs scale up their ventures. The interaction between founders' HC and the initial assets at founding is examined to open up the black box of entrepreneurial resource mobilization process. The research findings enrich our understanding of how founders'HC interact with founding assets, jointly affecting NVG.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current state of research on corporate entrepreneurship (CE) of emerging market firms (EMFs) in the context of emerging markets and to suggest future directions for future research. This paper reviews the literature on CE in the context of emerging markets and examines the current state of CE research in emerging markets. The authors use a mixed-methods approach, including a literature review and a survey of the literature. The authors find that most of the existing research focuses on the concepts of innovation, venturing (international or domestic) and strategic renewal separately rather than holistically. From this standpoint, the research is not lacking when it comes to, for example, the antecedents of innovation in emerging markets, international and/or domestic venturing by emerging country firms, and the strategic renewal carried out by firms in emerging economies. These concepts have been researched separately, independently of one another, in the context of emerging markets. Moreover, existing research on CE suggests that the characteristics of corporate governance characteristics of a company is very important in driving CE activities within the firm. However, research on emerging markets is generally imperfect and incomplete, efficient corporate governance mechanisms, as in the case of developed economies, may not exist. Hence, there will be differences in CE between emerging economies and developed country economies. This paper contributes to the literature on CE in emerging markets by examining the current state of CE research in the context of emerging market firms. The findings of this paper can be used as a guide for future research on CE activities of EMFs.
This study aims to understand the boundary conditions that foster knowledge transfer within business incubation centers in China. It examines innovative practices and emphasizes the mechanism of knowledge transfer across boundary conditions. By comparing and discussing the emerging boundary issues in knowledge transfer among small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) registered in the incubators in China, this study identified several contextual factors that impact boundary conditions with a focus on shared value and interests, and trust. This study also examined two important organizational factors, SMEs' entrepreneurial orientation and the use of information-rich media, to investigate how they impact knowledge transfer. The authors conducted three separate field visits to business incubation centers in China and conducted in-depth interviews with the managers of SMEs operating in the centers. The data were analyzed using a qualitative content analysis. This study identified several contextual factors that impact boundary conditions with a focus on shared value and interests, and trust. This study also examined two important organizational factors, SMEs' entrepreneurial orientation and the use of information-rich media, to investigate how they impact knowledge transfer across boundaries. The findings indicate that the boundary conditions of knowledge transfer in collaborative innovation projects in China are characterized by a high degree of uncertainty and risk taking in a volatile business environment. This study is one of the first to examine boundary conditions and knowledge transfer in the context of collaborative innovation in emerging economies. It contributes to the literature on knowledge transfer across boundaries in the emerging markets. It also contributes to knowledge management studies by identifying the factors that impact boundary conditions.
The purpose of this paper is to present, and perhaps more accurately, revive what it really means to be an entrepreneur and how the true meaning of what it takes to be a entrepreneur should influence entrepreneurship education and the expectations of its success. The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends. This paper is based on a review of the literature on entrepreneurship education and the author's personal experience as a faculty member of an entrepreneurship education program at a university in the USA. The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends. The outcome is to create a more entrepreneurial society, not just new businesses and this begins with the awareness that every individual has the capacity and can acquire an entrepreneurial mindset. The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends. The outcome is to create a more entrepreneurial society, not just new businesses and this begins with the awareness that every individual has the capacity and can acquire an entrepreneurial mindset.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role played by the location of a venture in the differential success of black- and white-owned ventures. The author focuses on the mediating role of external factors such as the demographics of the location and the financial size of the venture and its mediating effects. The author uses a sample of new ventures in the USA that started in 2004. The author uses regression analysis to examine the mediating effects of the location of the venture and the financial size of a new venture on the performance of black and white ventures. The author finds that the financial size of a new venture mediates the relationship between the demographics of the location of the venture and new venture performance. The author also finds that financial size plays a mediating role in the performance gap between black and white-owned ventures. This study contributes to the existing literature by exploring mechanisms at multiple levels. First, it focuses on the mediating role of external factors such as the demographics of the location of the venture. Next, it analyzes factors at the venture level. Resources at the disposal of a new venture play a pivotal role in its performance. The author focuses on two variables - assets of a venture and the credit riskiness. The second mechanism the author investigates is the financial size of a ventures and its mediating effects. The size of established firms has been linked to survival and performance. Although most of the studies focus on the number of employees as an indicator of size, the author proposes instead to analyze the impact of financial size.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how entrepreneurs' social networks influence entrepreneurial self-efficacy (ESE). Specifically, the authors examine the influence of emotional carrying capacity (ECC) and network ethnic diversity (NAD) on ESE for black and white entrepreneurs. The authors also examine the moderating role of ethnicity. Data were collected from a sample of black and white entrepreneurs in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results indicate that ESE is positively related to network ethnic diversity, and that this relationship is stronger for black entrepreneurs than for white entrepreneurs. Additionally, the authors find that the relationship between ESE and ethnic diversity is stronger among black than among white entrepreneurs, but not among Hispanic entrepreneurs. This is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between ESE and network ethnic diversity in the context of black and white entrepreneurs. Additionally, it is the first study to compare the influence of ESE between black andwhite entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions on immigrant entrepreneurs in the USA. Specifically, this paper aims to examine the relationship between immigrant entrepreneurs' entrepreneurial intentions and their venture-founding behavior, venture growth and venture abandonment. A conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions of immigrants in the USA is presented. The authors draw on the theory of planned behavior and the literature on immigrant entrepreneurship. The findings of this paper suggest that immigrants' intentions to become entrepreneurs are influenced by the demands of immigration. Specifically, the authors propose that immigrants are more likely to engage in venture creation and growth if they have high levels of attitude, subjective norms and perceived behavioral control (PBC). In addition, they are less likely to abandon their ventures when venture growth prospects are low. The authors also propose that immigrant entrepreneurs' intentions can be explained by the demand of immigration and PBC. This study contributes to the literature on immigrant entrepreneurship by providing a conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions on immigrant entrepreneurs in the USA. The findings of this study can be used by researchers to better understand immigrant entrepreneurs' intentions and behaviors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine two types of founding team experiences (industry and venturing experiences) and their effects on the likelihood of new venture creation, after taking into account the industry context. In addition, the moderating effect of industry context is examined. This study uses survey data from a sample of new venture teams in China. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that industry and venturing experiences are positively related to the likelihood of new venture creation, in the nascent stage of the venture creation process. However, this relationship is moderated by the industry context. Specifically, industry context moderates the relationship between industry experience and venture creation by moderating the impact of venturing experience on venture creation. In addition, the authors find that the effect of industry experience is stronger for high-tech ventures than for low-tech ones. This study is the first to examine the moderating effect of industry context on the relationship between founding team experience and the likelihood of new venture creation, in the nascent stage.
This study aims to examine how entrepreneurially oriented tourism firms are and to what extent entrepreneurial activities contribute to better performance in the Sardinian context. The purpose of this paper is to adopt a multidimensional entrepreneurial orientation (EO) approach to examine the degree of the five EO dimensions - innovativeness, risk-taking, proactiveness, competitiveness and autonomy - and their individual contributions to the increasing/decreasing performance of tourism firms. To achieve these ends, a survey was carried out in the Sardinian accommodation sector. The accommodation sector was chosen since it is more directly connected to the tourism industry than any other business (Smith, 1988). The survey was conducted in 2012 in the accommodation sector in Sardinia, Italy. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were sent out to tourism firms operating in this sector, resulting in a response rate of 27.5 per cent. Proactiveness and innovativeness were found to be positively related to both performance measures considered in this work (i.e. sales and sales growth). Risk-taking and competitiveness were not found to have a significant impact on the performance of tourism firms in the accommodation sector. Proactiveness was found to exert the strongest impact on sales growth. This paper adopts a multidimensional EO approach to examine the degree of the five EO dimensions - innovativeness, risk-taking, proactiveness, competitiveness and autonomy - and their individual contributions to the increasing/decreasing performance of tourism firms in the Sardinian context. So far, previous studies conducted in the sector have adopted the unidimensional approach focusing on the linkage between the EO-performance considering all dimensions as a unique one.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a theoretical framework which integrates the currently fragmented transnational entrepreneurship literature to better understand how transnational entrepreneurs (TEs) develop their competitive advantage to succeed in a global market. Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper employs the dynamic capability perspective (Teece et al., 1997; Teece, 2007; Winter, 2003) and relational theory of social networks (Granovetter, 1973) and employs a social tie-based model of the dynamic capabilities perspective to suggest a model of how TEs develop competitive advantages in their new ventures. Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper employs the dynamic capability perspective and relational theory of social networks to suggest a theoretical framework which integrates the currently fragmented transnational entrepreneurship literature. The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and nonethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects of dynamic capabilities and the moderating effect of institutional distance. This paper offers a theoretical framework that explains how TEs may recognize opportunities and take advantage of their exceptional social networks in both their COO and COR (which may be institutionally very different). The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and non-ethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects ofTEs' dynamic capabilities (Teece et al., 2007; Teece, 2007; Winter, 2003) and the moderating effect of institutional distance between the country of residence and the COR. Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper suggests a social tie-based model of the dynamic capability to address the theoretical void in the transnational entrepreneurship literature. This paper offers a theoretical framework that explains how TEs may recognize opportunities and take advantage of their exceptional social networks in both their COO and COR (which may be institutionally very different). The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and non-ethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects ofTEs' dynamic capabilities and the moderating effect of institutional distance between the COV and the COR.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the prospects of applying 360-degree feedback to the field of entrepreneurship and calls for more frequent use of 360- Degree Feedback in this field. This paper reviews the literature on 360-degree feedback in the fields of industrial and organizational psychology and human resource management to provide examples of how it has been used to advance the understanding of important phenomena in entrepreneurship. The paper provides examples of how 360-degree feedback may help to advance the understanding of important phenomena in the field of entrepreneurship, such as entrepreneurial orientation (EO) and firm level constructs. This paper extends the use of 360-degree feedback to the field of entrepreneurship by providing examples of how it may help to advance the understanding of important phenomena in the field. It also suggests future directions of using 360- degree feedback in entrepreneurship research.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the experiences and views of commissioners of liaison psychiatry services in acute hospital accident and emergency (A&E) departments, and to test some of the key emerging themes with other health-care professionals. An observational study was conducted using semi-structured interviews with liaison psychiatry commissioners and health-care managers and medical practitioners. The interviews were transcribed and analysed using thematic analysis. Four key themes emerged from the interview data: funding and commissioning; systems and pathways; partnership working and co-production; data; and the role of commissioners. The themes identified were not exclusive, but inextricably linked. This research is the first time that commissioners have been interviewed about their views on the delivery of liaison psychiatry services, and the outcomes of the subsequent analysis tested with other health care professionals. It is evident in the analysis of data from the workshop that the themes identified, namely, funding and commissioning, systems and pathways, partnership working and co-production and data, are not exclusive, but inextricably linked.
The objectives of this study were to assess the quality of life (QoL) in patients with type II diabetes mellitus (DM) in a suburban tertiary hospital in Thailand and to analyze the relationship between individual characteristics (e.g. gender, age, occupation, marital status, education and income), health factors, self-care behaviors, complications and underlying disease, social support and QoL. The study was conducted in a suburban tertiary hospital in Thailand. The sample consisted of patients with type II diabetes mellitus (DM) type II in a private hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. A questionnaire was used to assess the QoL in patients with DM type II and to analyze the relationship between individual characteristics (e.g. gender, age, occupation, marital status, education and income), health factors, self-care behaviors, social support and underlying disease. It was found that most participants had a good level of QoL (54.3%) followed by moderate level (24.5%) and poor level (21.3%). When looking at each dimension of quality of life (QoL), the sample had good QOL in the energy and mobility dimension, sexual functioning dimension, social burden dimension, anxiety dimension, diabetes control and health problem dimension. It was also found that cerebrovascular disease was significantly related to QoOL (p<0.05) followed by hypertension (p=0.01) and kidney complications (p>0.001). There is still lack of studies focusing on the direct association among behaviors and social environment and QoL. Therefore, in this study, the researcher applied the PRECEDE framework of Green and Kreuter in phase 2 epidemiology, behavioral and environment assessment to study the association between behaviors, health factors and environmental factors in assessing the quality of life (QoL) of type II DM patients.
The purpose of this study was to develop an appropriate instrument to measure the "benefits of parental feeding behaviors" (BePFB) of parents of preschoolers in urban Thailand. The BePFBQ consists of 13 items in a single dimension, using a 5-point Likert scale, and is explained as intrinsic motivation and identified by Deci and Ryan's self-determination theory. Concerning the validity and reliability, the BeP FBQ was conducted using content validity and construct validity and internal consistency Cronbach's internal consistency. The results showed that the BePFB was found to be a reliable and valid instrument for measuring the knowledge level of parents of preschoolers about the positive consequences of parental feeding behaviors. The results of the structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis showed that there was a significant difference in the reliability and validity between the two versions of the questionnaire. This study is the first to develop an instrument to measure the BePFB of parents of preschoolers in urban Thailand. This study is also one of the few studies to develop a questionnaire for parents of toddlers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the predictors of undernutrition and anemia among children aged 6-24 months in the East Mamprusi District of the Northern region of Ghana. The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 primary school children aged 6-24 months in the East Mamprusi District of Ghana. The study used descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) to examine the predictors of undernutrition and anemia. The results showed that mothers' infant and young child feeding practices were significant predictors of undernutrition and anemia among children aged 6-24 months in the study district. The study participants were found to have a mean age of 24.4 years (SD=9.8 years, SD=3.5 years). The mean age was found to be significantly associated with child undernutrition (p<0.05) and anemicemia (p=0.01) among the study participants. Maternal age was not associated with undernutrition or anemia. However, mothers' breastfeeding practices were significantly related to undernutrition among children. This study provides evidence on maternal care practices as key potential drivers of undernutrition in a low-resource setting known for high prevalence of child undernutrition. It provides insight for large scale studies on the predictors of childUndernutrition in Northern Ghana and other resource-limited settings.
- The purpose of this paper is to compare trends of perinatal mortality and adolescent fertility in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. It also aims to compare the rates of adolescent pregnancy per 1000 live births in the ISA and GSA. - The study was carried out in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. Data were collected from the Bangladesh National Sample Survey (BNSS) for the years 2005-2006, 2006-2007 and 2008-2009. The population was divided into two sub-areas: the government service area (SA) and the ISA (IA). Data were obtained from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Matlab. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and perinatal mortality rates were calculated. - The rates of adolescent pregnancy per 1000 live births in the ISA and GSA are much lower than the current adolescent fertility rates in Bangladesh overall. This study documented that perinatal deaths were much lower in the icddr,b service area relative to the government service area although the fertility rate is higher in theISA than in the GSA. Lessons learned from the MNCH interventions could help other national efforts to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes. - This study is the first of its kind to compare trends of perinatal mortality in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. Lessons learned from the MNCH interventions could help other national efforts to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes.
Early childhood caries (ECC) is a major public health problem in both developed and developing countries that continues to negatively affect children's oral health. The American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry (AAPD) recommended periodic and regular dental care for children by caries risk level; every 3 months for high risk, every 6 months for moderate risk and annually for low risk. Public health centers in Bangkok have oral health prevention and promotion in Well Baby Clinics (WBCs) which are responsible for preschool children (0-5 years). The purpose of this paper is to test the efficacy of a brief-caries risk assessment form to evaluate the dental health status among preschool children. A brief-caries risk assessment form was developed to be appropriate for use in public health centers by excluding the questions for unchangeable factors, fluoride supplement, water fluoridation and salivary test for mutans streptococci levels, thereby decreasing time per visit from 10-15 min (standard caries risk assessment) to 5 min (short form) to assess the dental health status among preschool children (0-5 years). The mean time to completion of the brief-caries risk assessment form was 5 min 15 min. The mean time per visit to the WBCs was 10 min. There was a significant difference in the mean time from 10-15 min to 5 min (p<0.05) for the low-risk group (p=0.001) and 10 min to 10 min for the high-risk Group (p>0.01). There were no significant differences between the groups in the time to complete the form. There were significant differences in the percentage of children with caries between the low and high risk groups (p = 0.01) and between the high and moderate-risk groups (P <0.0001). The brief-caries risk assessment form was developed to be appropriate for use in public health centers by excluding the questions for unchangeable factors, water fluoridation and fluoride supplement and the salivary test for mutans streptococci levels, thereby decreasing time per visit from 10-15 min (standard caries risk assessment) to 5 min (short form).
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the One Health SMART (One Health Systems Mapping and Analysis Resources Toolkit) approach on dengue vector control in Majalengka, Indonesia. The One Health approach is based on the concept that health problems are interrelated and require treatment through collaboration and co-ordination of multiple sectors and disciplines. One tool used in this approach is OH-SMART (One Health Systems Mapping and Analysis Resources Toolkit). The pilot project in Indonesia held by INDOHUN concluded that OH- SMART was adaptable and could be used to measure, identify and strengthen problem-solving with minimal resources. This study found that the most Dengue serotypes in Majalengka were DEN-1. This information about serotypes distribution will improve the local government's awareness of Dengue vector control. The recommendations can be successfully implemented and improve knowledge, attitude and practice on the denguevector control of the elementary students in the district. This study found that the most Dengue serotypes in Majalengka were DEN-1. This information about serotypes distribution will improve the local government's awareness of Dengue vector control.
The purpose of this paper is to describe stroke survivors' circumstances, issues with providing care for stroke survivors and expectations for services of caregivers and stroke survivors. Understanding the needs of stroke survivors helps to develop appropriate community care services that would then decrease the overall cost of care, support quality of life among survivors of stroke and reduce caregiver burden. Qualitative data were collected through focus group interviews and focus group discussions with stroke survivors and their family caregivers in a rural Thai community. The results of this study indicated that the majority of stroke survivors (85.5%) were satisfied with the services provided by the community care team. The majority of the stroke survivors in the study were able to walk without assistance, and the majority (87.3%) of the respondents had aphasia and depressive symptoms within six months of their stroke. The most important issues for stroke survivors and their family caregivers were access to rehabilitation services, the quality of care provided and the level of support provided by community members. This study is one of the first to investigate the needs of stroke survivors and their family caregivers in a rural community in Thailand. The findings can be used to develop appropriate community care services that would then decrease the overall cost of care, support quality of life among survivors of stroke and reduce caregiver burden.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of motor imagery (MI) on the performance of sit-to-stand (STS) by evaluating STS efficiency with surface EMG recording. The study was carried out in the city of Phitsanulok, Thailand. The study population consisted of healthy young adults aged between 18 and 35 years old. The participants were asked to imagine themselves performing STS, and the EMG data were collected during both physical and imagined STS. The EMG activity was recorded on the surface of the muscle fibers during the STS imagery. - The results showed that there was no difference in terms of the length of time during actual and imagined STS. However, there was a significant difference in the level of EMG activity during both physical and imagined standing up. The results also showed that the EMG analysis revealed the patterned and level-attenuated EMG activities during the actual and imagining STS, as well as the surface EMG patterns of the muscles. This study is the first to examine the influence of STS imagery on muscle activity by evaluating STS efficiency with surface EMG recording, and the evaluation was easy and safe for the patient with no risks or pain.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the defined indicators of tuberculosis (TB) in the intervention and control prisons after the implementation of the clinical protocol for TB and HIV management in Iranian prisons. A quasi-experimental study was conducted in two Iranian prisons. The intervention prison was randomly assigned to follow the clinical protocol for TB and HIV management, while the control prison was not. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The TB indicators were compared between the intervention and control prisons using a standardized questionnaire. The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that there was a significant improvement in the indicators of TB in the intervention prison compared with the control prison after the implementation of the clinical protocol. However, there was no significant difference between the intervention and control prisons in terms of the number of TB cases detected and the treatment of HIV-positive and TB-positive inmates. This study is the first to compare the defined indicators of TB in the intervention and control prisons after implementation of AHSP for TB and HIV management in Iranian prisons. The results of this study provide significant opportunities to detect and follow up on the treatment of HIV-positive and TB-positive inmates.
Health literacy has been defined by the World Health Organization (WHO) as the cognitive and social skills, which determine the motivation and ability of individuals to gain access to, understand, and use information in a way, which promotes and maintains good health. The purpose of this paper is to develop a health literacy hypertension test for testing hypertension in Thailand. - A health literacy questionnaire was developed based on the Rapid Estimate of Adult Literacy in Medicine (REALM), the Test of Functional Health Literacy for Adults (TOFHLA), the Medical Achievement Reading Test (MART), the Newest Vital Sign (NVS), and the Health literacy skills instrument (HLSI) to measure the health literacy of hypertension in Thailand. The questionnaire was administered to a sample of 1,000 hypertension patients in Thailand in 2015. The instrument consisted of 153 items. - The results of the study showed that the health literacy hypertension test was a good fit for the population of Thailand. The results showed that there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of health literacy in hypertension. However, there were significant differences in health literacy among the groups. - This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to develop a health literacy hypertension test. The results of this study can be used by the Ministry of Public Health of Thailand and Mahidol University to improve the health literacy of hypertension patients.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the changes in health-related quality of life (HRQOL) scores in patients with depression in the Thai health care delivery system in the 6th week and 12th week after the first visit. - The study was conducted in four types of hospitals in Thailand: primary, secondary, tertiary and quaternary hospitals. Data were collected at the 6th week and 12th week of follow-up visits. The patients' HRQOL scores were compared to the scores obtained at the first visit to determine the changes in the scores. - The HRQOL scores were found to increase in all types of hospitals in the 6th week and 12th week of follow-up visits compared to the scores obtained at the first visit. However, the scores were higher in tertiary and quaternary hospitals than in primary hospitals. - The results of the present study are expected to be useful in improving the quality of depression care. Additionally, the information gained would be introduced to promote collaboration between nurses and other health care providers in the health system to ensure a more efficient and effective mental health service provision.
- The purpose of this paper is to highlight the challenges and needs of the family caregivers in caring or nursing for their family members diagnosed with traumatic brain injury (TBI) in Malaysia. This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on TBI patients and their family caregivers in Malaysia. The systematic review was conducted using the systematic literature review method. The findings from this review highlight the social well-being of the caregivers, highlighting the challenges and needs of the family caregivers in caring or nursing for their family members diagnosed with TBI. The responsibilities that the family may experience can be very complex when nursing a TBI patient, with research documenting the long-term deleterious effects on caregivers when providing care for an individual with TBO. The findings from this review will help guide efforts to reduce stress among caregivers of TBI patients as part of the post-discharge rehabilitation program. This paper strongly recommends that health professionals from government-based agencies, especially the medical social work departments in hospitals and related non-governmental organizations (NGOs), continue to provide appropriate training related to coping strategies for TBI caregivers.
- The purpose of this paper is to provide a narrative review on community-based rehabilitation (CBR) evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies. The main research question was - what value does the photOVoice method provide when used Alone and when use in combination in CBR evaluations? - A narrative review was conducted on CBR evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies. - The paper finds that CBR evaluation methodologies should embrace the diversity among persons with disabilities in interpreting life experiences and quality of life. CBR programs built and modified on empirical evidence contribute to the country's health system being strengthened, thus improving the quality oflife of people with disabilities. The use of mixed methods has been recommended to capture both the experiences of persons with disability. - This study provides a narrative review on CBR evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies.
- Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most frequently seen chronic endocrine disorder amongst women of reproductive age, affecting approximately 15-20% of women in this category. The literature showed that PCOS is associated with impaired mental health including anxiety and social phobia. Social Physique Anxiety (SPA), which is one of the socialphobia types, is defined as the anxiety and nervousness felt by individuals when their physical appearances are evaluated by others. The aim of this study was to investigate SPA levels in adolescents and young women with PCOS. - The study was conducted in a university hospital in Istanbul, Turkey. A questionnaire was administered to adolescents and young women with PCOS and other healthy women. The questionnaire was divided into two parts. The first part was completed by the adolescents and the second part by the young women. Data were analyzed using the SPSS software. - The results showed that PCOS in adolescents and young women increased SPA levels. SPA was higher in women with PCOS than in other healthy women. The mean SPA level in adolescents was higher than that in young women. There was no significant difference in SPA between the two groups. - This study is the first to compare physical anxiety levels in adolescent and young women with PCOS and in other healthy women in a university hospital.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how differences in childcare experiences are related to the development, growth and health of children in the same context. The authors also explored the main reasons for enrolling the child in a day-care program and the characteristics of their ideal arrangements. A cross-sectional study was carried out in Thailand. Data were collected from a sample of children aged two to five years old in home-care and day-care centers. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. From the results, the developmental benefits of a day-care center for children are unclear, whereas the risk of infection is increased. Children attending childcare centers experience a higher number of common communicable diseases, especially respiratory and gastrointestinal infections when compared with children who are cared for at home. This study is the first of its kind to compare the development, growth and health of children in home-care and day-care settings. It also provides valuable information about policy implications for parents and healthcare providers.
Using the model for Hypertension Development and Assessment (HDA) model as a conceptual framework, this study aimed to assess the rate of uncontrolled blood pressure (BP) and its associated factors in patients with predialysis chronic kidney disease (CKD). Using the model for Hypertension Development and Assessment (HDA) as a conceptual framework, this study assessed the rate of uncontrolled BP and its associated factors in patients with predialysis CKD in Bali, Indonesia. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from patients with CKD who were admitted to a tertiary care hospital in the city of Bali. The rate of uncontrolled BP among patients with predialysis CKD was found to be 25.5% (95% CI: 10.5-35.5%). Physical activity, dietary patterns and perceived stress were found to have a statistically significant relationship with uncontrolled BP, while age, stage of CKD, diabetes mellitus and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) were not statistically significant. In addition, physical activity, perceived stress and age were not significant factors. The findings may help to provide evidence for healthcare providers to plan interventions to improve BP control in patients with predialysis CKD in Bali.
This paper aims to provide a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies. At the end of this paper, a conceptual framework from a strategic point of view is projected to show a step-by-step integrated mitigation protocol. This paper provides a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies. A conceptual framework from a strategic point of view is projected to show a step-by-step integrated mitigation protocol. Furthermore, this paper also aims to cover, review and report on the considerable research publications on COVID-19 that have been published recently. There is an urgent need to adopt strategic approaches to overcome the damage posed by this pandemic and we must learn from the different mitigation strategies suggested during past pandemics to gain insights into curbing and containing the present COVID-19 crisis. There is an urgent need to adopt strategic approaches to overcome the damage posed by this pandemic and we must learn from the different mitigation strategies suggested during past pandemics to gain insights into curbing and containing the present COVID-19 crisis. This paper provides a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic and the public health challenges in Bangladesh. This paper is a commentary based on the World Health Organization (WHO) and Bangladeshi Government's reports and official documents. Despite the Governmental initiatives in place, much more could have been done much earlier with short, medium and long-term strategic plans put in effect. Social distancing is a deterrent, but lockdowns can be detrimental to the national economy. Effective coordination among the Government policymakers and the local healthcare workforce is necessary to ensure emergency health services can deal with the pandemic more effectively. This paper provides an overview of the COVID-19 pandemic and the public health challenges in Bangladesh. It provides an insight into the challenges faced by the healthcare sector in Bangladesh during the pandemic.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the knowledge, attitude and practice of pesticide use and determine the levels of serum cholinesterase among rice farmers in order to prevent and address the improper use of pesticides. This study was carried out among rice farmers in the agricultural sector in Nakhon Nayok Province, Thailand. The population of this study was randomly selected using a stratified random sample of rice farmers from four districts in Ongkharak Province. A questionnaire was used to measure the knowledge, attitude and practice of pesticide use and serum cholinesterase levels among the rice farmers. The results showed that the mean serum cholinesterase levels among rice farmers in the study district were 0.96 (95% CI 0.85-0.99) and 0.98 (95%) for the whole district. The mean serum Cholinestersterase level was found to be significantly higher among the rice farmers who were exposed to pesticides (p<0.05) compared to the control group (p=0.01). The results also showed that farmers exposed to pesticide use were significantly more likely to have adverse eye symptoms, dry throat and cramp. The main symptoms experienced by farmers included a dry throat, cramp and headache. This study was carried out among rice farmers in the agricultural sector in Thailand. The findings can be generalized reasonably to rice farmers who have similar characteristics, especially in the central region of Thailand.
- The purpose of this paper is to determine the childbirth fear status of pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey and the factors affecting the fear of childbirth. - The study was conducted at a health center and university hospital in Istanbul, Turkey. The population of the study consisted of pregnant women who had been admitted to the health center during the first and second trimester of their pregnancy. A questionnaire was used to assess the fear of childbirth status of the pregnant women and the factors related to the fear. - The results of the study showed that the mean fear of childbirth for pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey was 4.5 (p<0.05). The mean fear level of the pregnant women was 3.4 (p=0.01). The most common reasons for the fear were fear of pain at birth, fear of failure to get help in case of having pain and fear of having a cesarean section. The most frequent causes of fear were concern about the infant's health during the pregnancy period, concerns about postnatal breastfeeding, and concerns about the labor process. - This study is one of the first studies to determine the childbirth fear status of pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey and the factors affecting the fear of childbirth.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on women's distress levels among patients utilizing a Turkish university hospital. In addition, this study aims to determine whether the causes of infertility are related to the female or male factor. - The study was conducted in a university hospital in Turkey. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. Women's distress levels were measured using the distress scale developed by Watson's Theory of Human Caring (Watson et al.), and the distress levels of women's causes of infertility were compared with those of men's causes in order to determine the effect of infertility causes related to gender. - The results of the study indicate that women's distress levels were significantly higher than those of men when the cause of infertility was related to the female or the male factor. In addition, the results indicate that the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on distress levels was significantly higher for women than for men. - This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on women's distress levels among patients utilizing a Turkish university hospital.
The purpose of this paper is to review the scientific evidence regarding the effects of yoga on breast-cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify and analyze the effects of yoga on BCRL in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018. The authors searched PubMed, Scopus and Google Scholar for articles related to yoga and BCRL. The results showed that yoga alone may not be a sufficiently powerful tool for BCRL management in terms of arm volume alterations, both in patients with BCRL and in patients at risk of BCRL. However, it is difficult to determine whether yoga is an effective or ineffective management strategy due to small sample sizes and the limited number of studies available. This is the first systematic review of the effects of yoga on BCRL in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018.
Insufficient intake of fruits and vegetables (FV) is one of the major causes of death and disability worldwide and an important determinant of overall cardiovascular risk and certain cancers. In response to accelerating progress toward achieving the non-communicable diseases (NCD) prevention and control targets, the purpose of this study was to investigate the association between sociodemographic characteristics and insufficient FV consumption in Thailand. A cross-sectional survey was conducted among a representative sample of Thai adults aged 15 years or older (n=1,845) in 2014. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of covariance. Most (74.1%) of the Thai population aged 15 years or older did not consume sufficient FV (at least five portions per day). The median number of FV servings consumed was 3.3 per person per day. Findings indicate important differences in FV intake among study participants across geographic areas, and several sociodemographic characteristics are associated with insufficient FV consumption. This is the first study to investigate the association between sociodemographic characteristics and insufficient FV intake in Thailand. The findings from this study suggest that both government and local agencies need to consider FV promotion policies and develop intervention and prevention strategies by taking into consideration the potential sociodEMographic characteristics affecting insufficient FVs intake of Thais.
The aim of this research study was to determine the affecting factors and knowledge level of women in relation to gynecological cancer prevention. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire was developed and distributed to women with possible cancer symptoms. The second phase consisted of a focus group discussion with a group of women who had been diagnosed with gynecological cancers in the past six months. The results of the study showed that the majority of the women in the sample were aware of gynecological cancers. The most important factors affecting the level of knowledge of women were fear of a cancer diagnosis, fear of suffering from pain, shame and beliefs that will invade privacy. The least important factors influencing the knowledge level of women in relation to gynecology were lack of education and lack of awareness. It is extremely important for women to be informed about gynecological cancers for both prevention and for overall health improvement. Health professionals have a vital role to play in increasing the knowledge levels of women regarding gynecology cancers. Raising the level of knowledge contributes to raising awareness and eliminates risk factors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between smartphone addiction, depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria. A cross-sectional study was conducted among female undergraduates in Nigeria. Data were collected through self-administered questionnaires and analyzed using SPSS version 20.0. The results of the study revealed that the addictive use of smartphones was significantly associated with depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria. It was also found that smartphone addiction was significantly related to anxiety and depression. The results also indicated that the higher the level of smartphone addiction, the more likely the participants were to be depressed. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between smartphone addiction, depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria. The findings of this study will help in the development of a better understanding of the addictive use of smartphones by young adults and their impact on mental health.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the discounted money value of human lives lost due to coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Spain as of 19 April 2020. This study estimates the discounted money value of human lives lost due to COVID-19 as of 19 April 2020 in Spain using the Discounted Money Value of Human Life (DMVHL) method. The preliminary estimates indicate that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to harm the Spanish economy. Due to the limitations mentioned above, the estimates are a gross underestimate of the total economic impact of COVID -19 on theSpanish economy. To date, no study in Spain has attempted to estimate the net present value of human lives lost from COVID-19. This study estimates the discounted money value of lives lost as of 19 April 2020.
- Non-medical use of prescription drugs among youth continues to be a public health concern even though rates of substance abuse among youth have declined over the past 20 years. The purpose of this paper is to examine the opinions of youth on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using prescription medications. - Data from the Monitoring the Future (MTF) and National Monitoring of Adolescent Prescription Stimulants Study (NMAPSS) were used to assess the prevalence of non-medical use of prescription drugs among youth in the USA. The NMAPSS included open-ended questions to probe youth on their opinions on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using prescription prescription drugs. - Results from the N-MAPSS show that approximately 4 percent of youth reported non-medical use of prescription prescription stimulant use in the past 30 days and 3 percent used prescription opioids non-medically in the same period of time. In addition, the majority of the youth reported that they would stop using prescription prescription drugs if they had the power to do so. The most common reasons youth gave for not using prescription drugs were lack of knowledge about the risks of prescription drugs, lack of parental monitoring, and lack of peer influence. - This study is the first of its kind to use open-ended questions to investigate the opinions of youth on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using them.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the prevalence and characteristics of risk factors for non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in semi-urban communities in Nakhonsawan, Thailand. This study was conducted in Nakhonsawan, Thailand. The population of this study was selected from the population of the Nakhon Nakhom Thai province, Thailand, using a stratified random sample of 1,000 randomly selected randomly selected people in the age range of 30-39 years. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT) and cardiovascular disease was found to be higher in semi-urban communities than in purely urban communities. The prevalence of hypertension was higher in the urban community than in the rural community. There was a significant difference in the prevalence of cardiovascular disease between the urban and rural communities. There were significant differences in the distribution of risk factors for diabetes, hypertension and heart disease among the rural and urban communities, with the urban population having a higher prevalence than the rural population. The distribution of the risk factors was similar to that of the urban populations. There is a need to develop customized NCD prevention policies that address the differential disease burden identified in the rural-urban divide. NCDs are health issues that mainly affect the middle and wealthier classes in urban communities, while this pattern can be the complete opposite in poorer rural communities. This study emphasized the determinants in the epidemiology of non-communicable diseases in semi-urban communities.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of a Qigong program on sleep quality among community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate depression in Thailand. - A randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted among community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate depression in Bangkok, Thailand. The participants were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups (control group, intervention group, and Qigong group) and one control group (no treatment group). The intervention group was given a two-week course of Qig Gong, while the control group received no intervention. - The results showed that the Qigong program significantly improved the quality of sleep among the older adults with mild to moderate depression. The results also indicated that the participants who participated in the intervention group had significantly better sleep quality than those who did not participate. - Qigong is an ancient Chinese exercise routine that includes physical activities, breathing practices, and meditation. Physical activities can be seen as a preventive method, and practicing the movements can improve multiple health problems. The meditation aspect plays a vital role in brain functions, inducing intrinsic neural plasticity development and modulating endocrine, metabolic, autonomic, and immune functions, and thus mediates global regulatory changes in different behavioral states, including sleep.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students in Thailand. This study used a time series study design to investigate the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students in Thailand. SOP was determined by smartphone output levels. SOP was found to be correlated with the highest SOP group (2.00 x 10-5 mW range) (odds ratio (OR) 1.79, 95% CI: 1.39-2.31) and reduced sleep time (OR 1.53; 95%CI:1.11- 2.10). The results confirmed that increased and longer smartphone use results in reduced sleeptime. This study investigated the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students. Results will provide data for recommending safe mobile phone use and appropriate care and prevention for adolescents with sleep problems.
Uncomplicated malaria is a prevalent disease in Nigeria caused mainly through a parasitic infection, Plasmodium falciparum, with resulting symptoms including fever, headache, joint pain, malaise, vomiting, body ache, poor appetite and body weakness, without signs of severity or evidence of vital organ dysfunction. According to the malaria treatment guideline for Nigeria, case management of the disease involves early diagnosis and prompt treatment with effective and recommended anti-malarial drugs. The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of patients' knowledge, attitudes and practices (KAP) regarding uncomplicated malaria in the primary healthcare facilities of Plateau state, Nigeria. Data were collected from a cross-sectional survey using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample was drawn from patients who had been diagnosed with uncomplicated malaria in the primary healthcare facilities of Plateau state, Nigeria. Data were analysed using multinomial logistic regression analysis to examine the relationships between the variables. - The results of multinomial logistic regression analysis indicated that patients' knowledge on uncomplicated malaria was predicted from age, highest level of education, attitudes and practices, while their attitudes were predicted by gender, occupation, monthly income, knowledge and practices. Their practice with regard to the treatment of malaria was significantly predicted by their monthly incomes, knowledge, attitudes, and number of anti-malarial and adjunct drugs administered. The study is important because it could provide a comprehensive picture of the determinants of treatment and management of uncomplicated malaria among patients. The outcomes of the study could also be useful in helping advise health policymakers, as well as healthcare workers and patients themselves, with any necessary changes and interventions in finding realistic solutions to any sub-standard treatment and Management practices in the PHC settings.
- The purpose of this paper is to determine women's birth beliefs and associated factors in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. - The study was conducted in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to women who had given birth in the clinic during the previous six months. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). - It was detected that age group, income level, problems experienced during pregnancy and planned delivery mode are among the factors that statistically affect women's birth beliefs. It was also found that women's beliefs about birth as a natural process were significantly related to their preferences for giving birth at home or in a hospital, with either a caesarian section or vaginal birth. - This study is one of the first studies to examine women's birth beliefs and associated factors in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. The results of this study can be used to develop strategies for women's care.
- The purpose of this paper is to provide a discussion of the key success factors of focus group discussions with the elderly for novice researchers. - A literature review was conducted to identify the key success factors of focus group discussions with the elderly for novice researchers. The literature was reviewed on the basis of the following keywords: "focus group discussion with elderly", "group discussions with elderly" and "focus groups with elderly". - Focus group discussions with the elderly are complex and challenging for novice researchers. Addressing issues such as good planning and organizing the participants and facilities, as well as training, to understand the characteristics of being a good moderator, aswell as having an accepting attitude and being flexible are key to the success of group discussions. In addition, several studies have shown that success in conducting focus groups mainly derives from an effective facilitator or moderator. Training and personal readiness are essential in order to enhance the moderator's skills. - This study has two main points of interest. The first is to understand the factors required in order to conduct focus group discussions amongst the elderly for novice researchers. The second is to describe the researcher's experience with others by sharing the experience of the following published project: "The Effects of Using a Knowledge-management Development Program on Knowledge Management Behaviors for the Health Promotion of Elderly Leaders in the Romyen Community in Thailand".
The purpose of this paper is to examine the public health challenges during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in Nepal. This paper is a commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal. The paper is based on a review of the available literature and the government's response to the outbreak. The speed with which the virus is spreading, even among countries that are ranked high for their outstanding health systems, has left nations and economies stunned. This pandemic has taught developing nations such as Nepal a lesson regarding the importance of adequate planning and preparation to effectively deal with a future emergency. Furthermore, such situations are best managed through effective coordination among the federal, provincial and local governments along with hub and satellite hospitals. This is the first commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal. The paper highlights the challenges faced by the government of Nepal during the pandemic and the need to follow the 6T principle, practice social distancing and promote public health measures.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and assess a sex education learning unit for Thai primary students in the sixth grade. The authors developed a sex education learning unit using an active learning method using a blend of game activities, video clips, motion graphics, and discussions to prompt reflection on the effects of decisions on their future. The learning unit consisted of eight sessions lasting from one to two and a half hours. Data were collected at the beginning and end of the program. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, and ANOVA. The authors compared the pre-test and post-test results with the control group. The authors found that the sex education learning unit was effective in providing information that students can relate to based on their own experiences. It was not as effective in getting across the disadvantages of having sex. The authors found only one other Thai project that involved students, teachers, and parents in the planning phase of the project. This research was unique because it was rare to have an active learning method used to teach sex education at a Thai public school at the primary school level. The modules originated from brainstorming sessions with students, teachers, and parents. They use a blend of game activities, video clips, motion graphics, and discussions to prompt reflection on the effects of decisions on their future.
- The purpose of this paper is to clarify the concept of intellectual capital (IC) in rehabilitation organizations and provide a comprehensive definition and a list of its components. - A systematic review of the literature on IC in the health sector was conducted to identify the definition and components of IC in rehabilitation organizations, as well as a list of its domains and components. A questionnaire was used to collect data from rehabilitation organizations. - The results of the study showed that IC in rehabilitation organizations consists of human capital, organizational capital and relational capital. Human capital is defined as the total amount of knowledge that organizations use for value creation and competitive advantage. Organizational capital consists of the knowledge, skills and experiences of its managers and experts (human capital), combined with the value achieved from internal capabilities and external relationships (organizational capital). Relational capital is a combination of relational capital and human capital. In addition, the study found that there are three domains of intellectual capital, i.e. human, relational and structural capital. - This study provides a comprehensive definition and a list of its components, which would be applicable to rehabilitation organizations. This could ultimately provide a framework for designing tools to assess IC in rehabilitation organizations, which will ultimately benefit public health.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the effect of modernization on marriage patterns and contraceptive methods used among married women in contemporary Myanmar. Data were collected from the Demographic and Health Survey (2014-2015) conducted by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in Myanmar. The population was divided into two cohorts, namely, the 1966-1987 cohort and the 1990-1991 cohort. The birth cohorts were determined by the situation in the country, and the marriage patterns were measured by the mean age at first marriage and the percentage of married women. The contraceptive methods used by women in the two cohorts were assessed by the use of IUDs, implants, emergency contraceptive pills, and oral contraceptive pills. This study confirmed that women in the 1966-1987 cohort faced more difficulties and hardships than when they were growing up. The proportion of marriages was high among the late-marriage group rather than the early-marriage groups. Looking at family planning methods, the two most popular methods are the injection and the pill, and these are not expensive and are easy to access because the government provides them. Surprisingly, IUD, implant, sterilization, and others need highly skilled health personnel, which is more expensive and, consequently, the number of people using those methods is still quite low. Moreover, the percentage of contraceptive use in the early cohort and the late cohort is similar, but the younger ones are more likely to use contraceptives more regularly, particularly for birth spacing. This study pointed out the situation of demand and supply of contraceptive method use, which can help the government in considering its population policy. If the situation is not addressed, the nation may suffer from a reduction in the labor force and witness an increase in older people and a reduction of the younger generation. Hence, it is important to look at the individual, household, and community characteristics affecting marriage patterns and assessing the contraceptive methods used in this nation.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the prevalence of consumption of energy drinks (ED) among university students in Bangladesh and assess the determinants for preferring such drinks. - A cross-sectional study was conducted in a Bangladeshi University. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample consisted of 1,000 university students. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 20. - The results of the study revealed that the proportion of students consuming ED is high, and their lack of knowledge regarding the ingredients and the potential health hazards of such drinks is a matter of concern. The frequency of ED consumption was found to be significantly higher among the students than that of non-ED drinks. The most common reasons for consuming ED among students were the consumption of ED while playing, studying, partying and driving. The students' level of knowledge about the ingredients of ED and their potential health risks was also revealed to be low. - Although ED is mainly targeted at young adult consumers, there has been little research regarding ED consumption among university students in Bangladesh. Hence, the present study was undertaken to investigate the prevalence of consumption of ED among students and assess the determinants for preferring such drinks. This study also provided an insight into the student's level of knowledge about the ingredients of ED and their potential health hazards.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a health educational booklet (Be SAFE booklet) as a guide to improving knowledge, attitude, and practice toward drowning prevention and water safety among parents of primary school children in a local community in Selangor. The Be SAFE booklet was developed and validated by a panel of experts in a related field in education, health, health promotion, or water safety, and representatives from the target audience of both parents and guardians in a local community in Selangor. The Be SAFE booklet was validated for its content and relevance and was found to be satisfactory and was therefore accepted. The evaluation process included a panel of experts in a related field in education, health, health promotion, or water safety, and representatives from the target audience of both parents and guardians. The Be SAFE booklet will create learning materials that can be used as an educational strategy, and is designed to provide knowledge and information on drowning risk, drowning prevention, and water safety. It is also expected to enhance parental or guardian skills and competencies in water safety and to increase understanding of drowning issues.
The purpose of this paper is to synthesize the qualitative research that describes the experiences of colorectal cancer patients during postoperative recovery in order to obtain a clear conclusion that will be useful for healthcare providers. An integrative review method was used to analyze the qualitative research that describes the experiences of colorectal cancer patients during postoperative recovery in order to obtain a clear conclusion that will be useful for healthcare providers. The data were collected from three sources, namely, the patients themselves, the healthcare providers and the literature. According to the results of the integrative reviews, it was found that after surgery, the patients with colorectal cancer had to face various experiences during their postoperative recovery, including suffering, decreased activity, ambivalent feelings and the need for caring. This shows that the experiences of persons in this group vary, depending on the individual's perception in different situations. This review of existing literature will help to better understand the meaning of the life experiences as well as the needs of colorectal cancer patients after having surgery and during the recovery period. This could reduce undesirable impacts, promote good recovery and lead to a better quality of life in the long term.
The purpose of this paper is to find the factors associated with patient delay among tuberculosis (TB) patients in border hospitals in Chiang Rai province, Thailand, as well as to understand the pattern of delay in health-seeking behaviors among TB patients in these hospitals. Data were collected from TB patients who received treatment at the border hospitals in Chiang Rai province and participated in this study. The population of this study consisted of TB patients receiving treatment at border hospitals from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. A high percentage of TB patients who received treatment at the border hospitals in Chiang Rai province and participated in this study were reported as experiencing a patient delay in seeking TB treatment from the health facility. Additionally, HIV status and nationality were factors that affected those associated with patient delays in the study. To the best of the authors' knowledge, there is still a lack of knowledge on patient delay among TB patients in Chiang Rai province around the border areas adjacent to Myanmar and Laos. The information from this study could help facilitate the improvement of health care services and treatment for TB patients. It could help improve and increase the utilization of the health facility and assist with seeking early treatment among suspectedTB patients.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of weight loss education and support interventions delivered to university students through online social media (experimental group) vs conventional methods (control group) for weight reduction on overweight undergraduate students in Thailand. This study used a mixed methods approach. The experimental group (control group) consisted of undergraduate students who were randomly assigned to one of two groups (experimental group) and the control group (conventional group). In the experimental group, the intervention group was provided with health education and support services through Facebook. The control group was not provided with any intervention. The intervention group consisted of students who did not receive any support from the Facebook group. In the conventional group, no intervention was provided. The results showed that the experimental group had a significant decrease in BMI (p<0.05) compared to the control group (p=0.01). There was no significant difference in BMI between the experimental and control groups. There were no significant differences in BMI differences between the two groups. The experimental group showed a significant increase in BMI after the intervention. The control group did not show any change in BMI. The findings from this study can help policymakers and public health practitioners in Thailand and abroad design and support policy both in the public and private sectors. It is argued that social media activities require low budgets and can be more effective in comparison to old traditional solutions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore an association between women's experience of intimate partner violence (IPV) and women's decision making regarding the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services in Cambodia. This study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a national sample of 1,000 Cambodian women who had experienced IPV during their lifetime. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance. The results indicated that women with experience of IPV during their lifetime were more likely to have unwanted pregnancies and were less likely to utilize sufficient antenatal care (ANC) during pregnancy, delivery using skilled birth attendant (SBA) help and postnatal care (PNC) after delivery. Women's participation in household decision making had a significant contribution to the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services. Women with a history of experiencing IPV had a higher probability of not utilizing sufficient ANC and delivery with the help of SBA. There have been several very useful studies conducted to try to understand women's issues in Cambodia. However, most of these focus on the issue of violence and women's health separately, while the study of the association between IPV andWomen's reproductive health has attracted less attention. This study aims to explore an association between women with experience of IPV during their lifetime, and Women's decision making regarding the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services in Cambodian women.
Fainting (or syncope) is a form of unconsciousness due to temporary insufficient cerebral circulation and can occur repeatedly as a consequence of psychological determinants at work, such as life-threatening or very stressful conditions. Mass fainting illness (MFI), previously known as mass psychogenic illness (MPI) or mass hysteria, has frequently been identified in many settings where large groups of people gather, including factories, schools, towns/villages, family groups, institutions and hospitals. The purpose of this paper is to determine the work-environmental determinants of MFI among textile factory workers. A questionnaire was developed and validated from the previous study and was modified and used to determine work-environmental factors predicting MFI. The validated questionnaire was freely available from a previous study, which was used in this study. The results showed that the MFI screening instrument was a reliable and valid instrument that could be used to predict MFI among textile factory workers in Cambodia. The results indicated that work-environmental factors (i.e. job content, work organization and management plus organizational and environmental conditions) and individual characteristics (personality and attitudes) were significant predictors of MFI. This study is the first to develop and validate a screening instrument for MFI among textile factory workers in Cambodia, which can be used as a screening tool in future studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of probiotic consumption on increasing the CD4+ T cell counts among Iranian patients living with HIV (PLWH). A randomized, double-blind, between-subjects design was used in this study. Patients were randomly assigned to either treatment group or control group. In the treatment group, probiotics were used to increase the CD4+ T cell counts (CD4+T cells) of patients living with HIV (PLWH). In the control group, no probiotic consumption was used. The treatment group was randomized to treatment group with or without probiotics. The results showed that the probiotics significantly increased the CD4+ T cell counts among HIV patients (p<0.05). However, the effect of probiotic consumption on CD4 T counts was not significant (p=0.01). In addition, there was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of LPS in the plasma. This is one of the first studies to investigate the effect of probiotic consumption on increasing the CD4+ T cell counts among HIV patients living with HIV.
Dental caries is a major public health problem among the adults and the elderly, particularly in developing countries of a nation's population. The purpose of this paper is to analyze changes in dental caries status among Thai adults and elderly over time using system dynamics. System dynamics analysis was used to analyze the changes in dental caries status among Thai adults and the elderly over time. Data were collected from the 2017 National Oral Health Survey among the population aged 15, 35-44 and 60-74 years. The results showed that the prevalence of dental caries among the population aged 15 years, 35-44 years and 60-74 years increased from 62.1 to 62.7, 85.6 to 91.8 and 95.8 percent, respectively, between 2000 and 2017. In addition, the proportion of the population who visited a dentist within the past year has increased from 7.4 in 2006 to 9.6 percent in 2017. However, the dental utilization rate is still very low compared to the treatment needs among adults and the elderly. The use of dental services among the elderly was found to be related to attitudes toward oral health conditions, access to dental services, accompanying persons, income and general health conditions. This study is one of the first to use system dynamics to analyze the dynamics of dental caries status among adults and the elderly in Thailand. The results of this study can be used to improve the oral health-related quality of life of Thai adults and elderly.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how personality characteristics of risky pregnant women affect their prenatal distress levels in a cross-sectional study. The study was conducted at a university hospital in Turkey. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 women of reproductive age who were at risk of pregnancy. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. In the first part, the women were asked to indicate their prenatal distress level. The second part of the questionnaire asked them to indicate the personality characteristics of risky pregnant women in terms of extroversion/introversion and conscientiousness/agreeableness. The results of the study showed that the personality characteristics of risky pregnant women had a significant effect on their prenatal distress levels. The highest level of prenatal distress was experienced by the women with high extroversion and high conscientiousness. The lowest level of distress was reported by the woman with low conscientiousness and the highest distress level was experienced in the women who were high in openness to experience and high in neuroticism. In addition, there was a significant relationship between personality characteristics and distress. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between personality characteristics of risky pregnant women and their prenatal distress levels in Turkey.
The purpose of this paper is to carry out hematological analysis including hemoglobin (Hb), red blood cells (RBC), hematocrit (HCT), mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), white blood cell (WBC), lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes in individuals exposed to air pollutants from smoked grilled fish using charcoal. This study was carried out in two parts. In the first part, the hematological parameters including Hb, RBC, HCT, mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), MCHC, WBC, lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes were measured. The second part of the study was conducted in the second part. In this part, PM, carbon monoxide (CO), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitrogen oxides (NO), sulfur dioxide, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals (fluoride, arsenic, lead, mercury and selenium) and other toxic compounds were measured in the form of PM, CO, PAHs, NO, sulfur dioxide and heavy metals. The results showed a significant increase in Hb, RBC, HCT, mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), MCHC, WBC, lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes in individuals exposed to air pollutants from smoked grilled fish using charcoal. This research has succeeded in showing the impact of air pollution originating from smoked fish processing by grilling. Decrease in the value of lymphocytes and mixed cells accompanied by the increase of Hb, erythrocytes count, HCT, MCV, MCHC, M CHC, leukocyte count, platelets, RDW and neutrophils values is caused by exposure to hazardous chemicals contained in grilled fish smoke.
The purpose of this paper is to determine their sexual risk behavior and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand; analyze the associations among demographic data, sexual activities, sexual orientation, attitudes and working conditions based on the level of sexual harassment. This study was a cross-sectional survey based on sexual risk behaviors and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The sample size of this study consisted of 200 respondents. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0. More than half of the respondents had sexual intercourse; 25.2 percent of them did not use a condom during last sexual intercourse. Regarding sexual harassment, it was found that most of them had experienced sexual harassment including non-verbal, verbal and physical sexual harassment. Non-verbal sexual harassment was associated with employment, living condition and emergency contraceptive pills attitude. Verbal sexual harassment is associated with current status of student, having sexual intercourse experience, and type of job, whereas physicalSexual harassment is related to the education level, income status, havingsexual intercourse experience and type-of-job. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the sexual risk behaviors and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of the National HIV Prevention Education Program on Behavioral Changes for men who have sex with men (MSM) and transgender women (TGW) in Thailand. This study used a mixed-methods approach, using both qualitative and quantitative methods. In the qualitative study, the participants were interviewed before and after exposure to the HIV prevention education program, and in the quantitative study, they were asked to complete a questionnaire about their knowledge, attitudes and behavioral changes after being exposed to the program. The results of the study indicated that there were no significant differences between the two groups before and after exposure to the intervention. However, there were significant differences in the behavioral changes between the groups after exposure. The results indicated that the participants who had received the education program were more likely to have changed their behaviors after exposure than those who did not. This is the first national-scale HIV prevention education program for MSM and TGW in Thailand. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other HIV prevention programs in other countries to increase the effectiveness of the program.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and the incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) for Tuberculosis (TB) treatment and care between two Thai hospitals located on the border with Myanmar and Laos, and to identify the optimal program for TB treatment care. This study used the cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) to assess the cost of TB treatment and care for Burmese and Laotian TB patients in two hospitals located on the border with Myanmar and Laos in Chiang Rai province, Thailand. The hospitals were selected based on a random sample of TB patients who were identified from the Multidrug-resistant Tuberculosis register. The average cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and the incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) for TB treatment and care for Burmese and Laotian TB patients in these two hospitals were 0.73 and 0.69, respectively. The C/E ratio was found to be significantly higher than the ICER ratio for the two hospitals. The average C/ER ratio was significantly higher for the Thai hospitals than for the Myanmar and Laos hospitals. However, the average ICER was significantly lower for Thai hospitals. This study is one of the first studies to assess the cost-effectiveness of TB treatments to Burmese and Laotian patients by Thai hospitals on the border with Myanmar and Laos. The results of this study can be used to improve the quality of care for foreign TB patients in Thai hospitals.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the basic characteristics associated with knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) regarding malaria among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar. This cross-sectional study was conducted among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey. The population was selected by stratified random sampling from the selected villages using stratified sampling method. Overall, KAP regarding malaria was poor among people living in malaria transmission areas. On the other hand, only a few associated factors were found, as people are mostly neutral. Therefore, new approaches to improving malaria KAP are evidently needed in this community. This study is one of the first to explore the basic characteristics associated with KAP regarding malaria among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar. The results of this study can be used to design new, results-based health education interventions.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current status of corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities of health care companies of India towards maternal health and to ascertain the extent to which they have fulfilled government's new orientation towards CSR activities. A questionnaire-based survey was used to collect data from the healthcare sector companies in India. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-test, factor analysis and cluster analysis. The findings of the study reveal that the healthcare sector in India has abided by Schedule 135 of the Companies Act 2013 CSR guidelines. Individual companies' framed policies and created a sub-system of CSR Committee with independent directors to plan CSR initiatives and to ensure that a CSR budget (2 per cent of three years average net profit) is spent. The size of the committee is varying and geographical spread of CS R initiatives is skewed, with majority companies focussing on Maharashtra and Gujarat states. The focus areas ofCSR are on education, healthcare and rural development. There is a need to look at the under-developed and remote states like Odisha and North-Eastern states. This study is one of the first of its kind in the Indian healthcare sector. The findings of the study would be useful for the healthcare sector companies in India to spend money/resources for community development with special emphasis on maternal health, in terms of antenatal/postnatal check-up, focus on adolescent health, awareness on female suicide/violence and provision for prenatal diagnostic tests.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the mechanisms of theory of planned behavior (TPB) on cyberbullying among Thai adolescents. This study aims to examine the impact of cyberbullied victims and perpetrators on their behavioral intention to commit cyber bullying. This study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey among high school students in Bangkok metropolitan area of Thailand. A total of 585 questionnaires were distributed to the students and the responses were analyzed using the structural equation modeling technique. The results showed that cyberbullying victimization and perpetration were found to have a significant impact on the intention to engage in cyberbullies. The results also showed that the theory of planned behavior (TPB) was found to be a significant mediator of the relationship between cyberbullied victims and perpetrators. It was also found that the TPB mediated the effect of cyber bullying victimization on cyber bullying perpetration. The findings also revealed that cyber bullying victims were more likely to be the perpetrators of cyber Bullying. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the mechanisms of theory of planned behavior (TPB) on cyberbullying among Thai adolescents. The results of this study can be used as a basis for future research in the field of cyberbullies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of husband's international migration on the decision-making autonomy of left-behind wives in rural area of central Myanmar. Data were collected from left-behind wives of migrants living in rural area of central Myanmar. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The authors used the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach to analyze the data. The results show that the absence of husband from household leads to changes in the roles and in the decision-making power of left-behind women. Women exercise more independent control of their lives, including budgetary management, spending authority, freedom of physical movement and freedom of movement in economic matters. This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of husband's international migration on the decision-making autonomy of left-behind wives in rural area of central Myanmar.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the usefulness of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) in the assessment of overnutrition in comparison with bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) among children aged 6-18 years in Egor Local Government Area of Edo State, Nigeria. The study was conducted among children aged 6-18 years in Egor Local Government Area (LGA) of Edo State, Nigeria. The population of the study was selected using stratified random sampling from the population of primary schools in the local government area. The study population was stratified into two groups, namely, children aged 5-6 years and 7-9 years, and children aged 9-10 years. The children were randomly selected using purposive sampling. The BIA and MUAC were used for the assessment of overnutrition in the study. The results showed a remarkable comparison between the MUAC and BIA in the assessment of overnutrition in children and adolescents. The results showed that the BIA was more accurate in identifying overnutrition than MUAC in children aged 6-18 years. There was a significant difference in the BMI and MUAC scores between the two methods. The BIA scores were significantly higher in the children with a mean BMI score of 0.98 and 0.84 percent, respectively. The mean BMI scores were higher in children with low socioeconomic status (SES) compared with those with high SES. There is a paucity of data in Nigeria on the use of MUAC in the assessment of overnutrition. This study showed a remarkable comparison between MUAC and BIA in the Assessment of Overnutrition in children and adolescents in Benin, Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence and factors associated with safe sex behaviors among adolescent vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. A self-administered questionnaire was used to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 male and female vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 tests and factor analysis. Both male and female vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima had low levels of HIV, sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and contraception knowledge. Females had a higher knowledge of all the factors compared to males while males received more harassment from peers for being sexually active. This study provides useful data for the Nakhon Ratchasima provincial public health officials to plan an ongoing safe sex curriculum in vocational colleges and schools in order to promote safe sex behaviors.
Dengue fever (DF) is one of the most common diseases in Thailand with a serious impact on individual health and the country's economy. A large amount of government funding has been allocated annually for the prevention and control of DF. The purpose of this paper is to determine the factors associated with the recurrence of DF at the individual, family and community levels. The study was conducted as a community-based case-control study. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to the hill tribe villages in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 hill tribe people living in 749 villages. A large village size, high density of villagers and remote location far away from a hospital are associated with DF recurrence, while at individual and household levels, children whose parents work as daily employees and traders and children who are less than one year old and who are under and over standard growth are associated to DF recurrences, particularly in large and crowded villages. This study is the first community-based case-control study in Thailand to determine the factors associated with the recurrence of DF at the individual, family and community levels.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the socio-demographic factors, health status and family relationships which may predict the quality of life (QoL) among older adults in the rural areas of Northern Thailand. A questionnaire survey was conducted among older adults (aged 60 years or older) living in Phayao province in Northern Thailand. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to assess socio-demographic factors, perceptions of the health status and family relationships. The second part was developed to assess the QoL of the older adults in the rural areas of Thailand. The results showed that self-esteem and family relationships were the most important predictors of the QoL of the older adults in Phayao. It was also found that family relationships and the perception of health status had a significant impact on the QOL of older adults. This study provided clear recommendations to increase the QoL of older adults by setting up health promotion programs to increase their physical and mental activities, the source of income, community involvement, family relationship and perception of health status.
The purpose of this paper is to determine knowledge, attitude and practices regarding air pollution among subjects in urban Dhaka, Bangladesh, and the factors associated with this in order to inform air pollution lowering programs and factors to pass on at the individual and community level. This study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a random sample of 1,000 urban residents in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software. A majority of the respondents were aware of the harmful effects of inhalable particulate matter. However, many still indulged in high-risk behaviors that may lead to more exposure to polluted air. In addition, a comparison of knowledge levels among different age groups, different income levels and occupation groups revealed poor levels of knowledge regarding air pollution. The results of this study may help policy makers to understand the need for education programs aimed at making residents in local neighborhoods aware of sources of air pollution and related health risks. The environmental management authorities need to invest direct efforts on risk communication strategies to motivate personal direct perception or awareness of an environmental problem such as air pollution. This approach enhances the individual's understanding of the importance of environmental policy measures, which makes such measures easier to accept by residents in each community, and enhances personal responses to reducing exposure to pollutants.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effect of smartphone electromagnetic radiation on nocturnal headache in adolescent smart phone users in Chiang Mai, Thailand. A time series study was conducted using a self-administered questionnaire to collect data from a random sample of adolescents aged 13-15 years old in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The data were analyzed using SPSS software. The results showed that SOP had a non-linear correlation with headaches during different periods of the day. Nocturnal headaches have been found to respond to the delayed effect of the daily dose of SOP in the form of a reverse dose-response, just like migraine headaches which have some other kinds of protective response, for example, photophobia. This is the first study to investigate the effect of smartphone electromagnetic radiation on nocturnal headaches in adolescents in Thailand.
Malaria, kala-azar (visceral leishmaniasis), lymphatic filariasis (LF) and dengue fever/dengue hemorrhagic fever constitute the major vector-borne diseases (VBDs) that affect more than 1bn cases and over 1m deaths annually in Nepal. All of these VBDs are prevalent in South-East Asian countries. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the epidemiological situations and control strategies of these diseases in Nepal during 1998-2016. The study was conducted during 1998-2016. The data were collected from the National Vector-Borne Disease Center (NVDC) and National Vector Borne Disease Monitoring Center (NDMC) during the study period. The study was carried out in two phases. The first phase consisted of a descriptive study of the epidemiological situation and control strategies of VBDs in Nepal. The second phase was a quantitative study using a case-by-case analysis of the VBD epidemiological situations. Malaria, kala-azar (visceral leishmaniasis), lymphatic filariasis (LF) and dengue fever/dengue hemorrhagic fever constitute the major vector-borne diseases (VBDs) prevalent in Nepal with approximately 6.5m of the population estimated to be at risk. A total of 28,424 cases and 582 deaths were reported during 1980-2006 and the case fatality rate varied from 0.23 to 3.16. This is the first study of its kind in Nepal. The findings of this study will be useful to the Nepali Government, the Nepalese Government and other stakeholders in the field of vector-borne diseases.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) and the factors associated with pain in different parts of the body among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. A questionnaire survey was conducted among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 rice farmers. The questionnaire was distributed to the rice farmers using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). The prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand was found to be high (p<0.05). The mean prevalence of MSDs in different parts of the body was high (95.7 percent) and the prevalence of pain in the upper extremity area was highest (94.4 percent) among the rice farmers. The prevalence of lower back pain in rice farmers was higher than that in other parts of body (91.3 percent). Gender, age, body mass index (BMI), farm size and working years were significantly associated with MSD prevalence. The mean BMI was significantly related to MSD occurrence in the lower extremity areas (p=0.01), while it was not related to the upper limb area. The study emphasized that MSDs are a significant occupational health problem in rice farmers. Personal and work-related factors such as gender, age, body mass index (BMI), BMI, work experience and farm size influenced the elevated risk of musculoskeletal pain in different parts of body. These factors suggest a training program to prevent and reduce musculOSkeletal complaints for rice farmers in the agricultural setting.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of a combination of cognitive training and physical exercise for the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment (MCI) on their cognitive performance and health. Systematic review and meta-analysis were used for this study. A systematic review was conducted by using the systematic literature review method. The systematic review consisted of a total of 1,845 articles published in peer-reviewed journals in English. The results of the meta-analysis show that the combination of cognitive training and physical exercise has a positive effect on the cognitive performance of the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment. The results also show that cognitive training is more effective than physical exercise in the treatment of MCI in the elderly population. This is the first systematic review on the cognitive training and physical exercise for the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment in the Asia-Pacific region. The results of this study can be used as a guideline for public health officials to design and implement a cognitive training program for elderly with MCI.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between socioeconomic status (SES) and dental caries among Thai working age adults using data from The 7th Thailand National Oral Health Survey (2012). Data were collected from the 7th Thailand National Oral Health Survey (2012) using a cross-sectional survey design. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate regression analysis. SES related to dental caries indicates socioeconomic inequality in oral health amongst Thai working age adults. Education was the most significant factor among socioeconomic variables compared to income and occupation. Area of residence, oral health-related behavior and access to dental service also related to oral health. However, this study could not indicate causal relationships. This study provides more understanding of socio-behavioral determinants related to oral health and benefit policymakers involved in improving the status of oral health in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a final orientation for new graduates on the highest attainable standard of health, which is defined in the constitution of the World Health Organization (WHO) as a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of the highest attainable standard of health and on the experiences of new graduates on this topic. It was found that the highest attainable standard of health is not only a goal for all people, but also for all countries in the world. However, it is important to note that the world cannot have only one level of health for the whole world or all countries. Each country will need to work out its frame of reference for the highest attainable standard. Ideally, a country-specific standard should be individually defined and used as the basis for the development and implementation of its national health policy, strategy and program. The paper is a useful source of information for new graduates on the highest attainable standard of health. It is also of value to those who are planning to take part in the final orientation course on health for all.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of a smoking cessation program on self-esteem, attitude, perception, and practice regarding smoking control among male high school students in Ubon Ratchathani province, Thailand. The study was conducted among male high school students in Ubon Ratchathani province, Thailand. The smoking cessation program was designed based on the information-motivation-behavioral (IMB) skills and the stages of change model. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: smokers or non-smokers. The first group was randomly selected to participate in the program, and the second group was not randomly selected. The control group consisted of smokers who did not smoke. The smoking cessation program and the smoking behavior program helped male high school students to quit smoking. This program was based on the IMB skills and stages of change models affecting self-esteem, attitude, perception and practice regarding the control of smoking behaviors, and cotinine levels in the urine of male high-school students. Smokers were classified in the individual preparedness and need assessments following the stages of changes. The smoking cessation program and the smoking behavior program helped male high school students to quit smoking. This program was based on the IMB skills and stages of change models affecting self-esteem, attitude, perception, and practice regarding the control of smoking behaviors, and cotinine levels in the urine of male high-school students. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effectiveness of the cessation program on self- esteem, attitudes, perceptions and practices regarding smoking control.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the potential dermal exposure (PDE) of various parts of the body between officers' techniques and farmers' techniques under working conditions when spraying rice at different growth stages in paddy fields. This study used an accepted method to determine the potential dermal exposure (PDE) of operators under field conditions, according to OECD guidelines. The PDE was determined by applying a combination of different types of spray application techniques and spray volumes on the operator's body. The results of the PDE analysis showed that the highest PDE was observed for the operator's face, followed by his/her arms and legs. In addition, there was a significant difference in PDE between officers' techniques and farmers' techniques. The results of this study indicate that the operators' exposure was significantly higher than the farmers' when applying different application techniques. This study provides vital information on the quantity of a plant protection product that contaminates uncovered body regions and clothing worn by the operator. This study can help to inform and develop a spray service provider network to provide knowledge of occupational health and safety to farmers in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate factors affecting the potential for voluntary civic engagement among older persons in the ageing society of Thailand. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from older persons in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that the potential of older persons to participate in civic engagement is determined by two competing elements: internal constraining factors and external enthusing forces. Internal constraining forces consist of both individual characteristics, including income and health, as well as family support and government assistance, which are meant to reflect the external ent husing or motivating factors. Civic engagement is not purely determined by altruism but is related to the reciprocal relationship between them and others, including family and government. The results of this study shed light on the feasibility of enhancing the capacity and value of older persons in the ageing society of Thailand and elsewhere. This study is one of the first to investigate factors affecting the potential for voluntary civic engagement among older persons.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the characteristics of water containers influencing the presence of Aedes immatures in an ecotourism area of Bang Kachao Riverbend, Thailand. This study was conducted in Bang Kachao Riverbend, a famous eco-touristic bicycle travel park in Thailand. Data were collected using a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The data were collected by means of a series of field observations, and the characteristics of water containers, including pH, total dissolved solids (TDS), electric conductivity (EC, mS/cm), dissolved oxygen (DO, mg/l) and pH, TDS, EC and DO, were analyzed. The number of Aedes immatures per container was not distributed consistently in each water container. The chemical properties of the water in the containers, including pH, total dissolved solids (TDS, mg/l), electric conductivity (EC, mS/cm) and dissolved oxygen (DO, mg/) affected the presence and abundance of mosquito larvae. The container material, container type and the pH, TDS, EC and DO affected the number of mosquito immatures in each container. This is the first study to investigate the characteristics of water containers influencing the presence of Aedes immatures in an ecotourism area.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate age and sex-specific life expectancy (LE) for patients with ischemic stroke and intracerebral hemorrhage and to estimate expected years of life lost (EYLL) for each subtype of stroke relative to age and gender in a specific Thai reference population. This retrospective cohort study applied the semiparametric extrapolation method to estimate the survival function throughout the lifetime of patients with ischemic stroke and intracerebral hemorrhage relative to age and sex. The results revealed intracerebral hemorrhage caused more loss of LE than ischemic stroke and the female patients had poorer survival rates after stroke than male patients. This retrospective cohort study applied the semiparametric extrapolation method to estimate the survival function throughout the lifetime of patients with strokes. The more refined method of LE and EYLL estimation used in this study provided precise and clear evidence on long-term survival regarding stroke. The up-to-date information on lifelong stroke burden could be beneficial to generate appropriate interventions and evaluate the benefits of stroke programs.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of a motivation program to quit smoking among Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) officers with non-communicable disease (NCD) risks. The study was conducted among RTAF officers with non-communicable disease (NCD) risks. The smoking cessation program was implemented in two phases. In the first phase, the motivation program was designed based on the stage of change theory and social support theory. The second phase consisted of the implementation of a smoking cessation intervention based on a modified version of the motivational program. The intervention consisted of two phases: pre- and post-intervention surveys, and a follow-up questionnaire. The results indicated that the motivation program was effective in motivating the RTAF officers to quit smoking. The smoking cessation rates in the intervention group were significantly higher than those in the control group (p<0.05). The smoking prevalence rate in the motivation group was significantly lower than that of the control (p=0.01). The intervention group had a significantly lower prevalence rate of smoking (p = 0.01) than the control. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of the motivation program to quit smoking in RTAF officers with non-communicable disease risks.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the quality of asthma care among adult patients with bronchial asthma provided by a university-based primary care clinic in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The study was conducted among adult patients with bronchial asthma who attended an asthma clinic at a university-based primary care clinic in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to all patients who attended the asthma clinic in the past four weeks. The quality levels of asthma management (i.e. prescription rates of the inhaled reliever and preventer) were reasonably high and were not far off the standard targets set at 100 percent. The non-documentation of asthma control at the last visit was significantly influenced by the presence of acute complaint(s) unrelated to asthma and other issues needing urgent management, which actually reflects the provision of personalised care by the treating doctors. The number of documented parameters used to determine the current status of asthma was also significantly associated with non- documentation. The more the more parameters documented, the lesser the odds for non- Documentation. The findings of this study could be used by stakeholders to develop better strategies to improve asthma care at the primary care setting. Further improvement in the quality of the process and structure of asthma care is definitely needed as documentation of asthma-specific information and availability of resources that are important to assure optimal asthma care are deficient.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the level of public knowledge about oral cancer in Uganda and to assess the impact of a free dental camp experience on oral cancer knowledge among the population. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through questionnaires administered to a random sample of 1,000 participants at a free dental camp held in Kampala, Uganda. The study used descriptive statistics, frequency distribution, descriptive statistics and descriptive statistics. The results showed that the majority of the respondents were aware of oral cancer, but most of them were not aware of the risk factors for the disease. The most common risk factors identified were smoking, alcohol consumption, oral sex, tobacco use and the use of chewed herbs such as khat and other imported products whose contents may have carcinogenic substances. The study also found that there was a significant difference in the level of knowledge about oral cancer between the two groups of participants. This study is the first of its kind in Uganda. It is hoped that it will be the first in the Sub-Saharan African region. It will be of value to researchers, public health practitioners and policy makers.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the Dual Approach Program to promote sexual abstinence in Thai early female adolescents and improve parent-daughter sexual communication. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and a parent-daughter sexual communication survey. Data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). The results indicated that the Dual Approach Program was effective in promoting sexual abstinence and improving parent-daughter sexual communication. In addition, the study found that there was a significant increase in the number of positive parent- daughter sexual communication conversations between the two groups. This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to use the Dual Approach Program to promote sexual abstinence in early female adolescents and improve parent-daughter sexual communication.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between serum lipids, lipoproteins, homocysteine (Hcy) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) in patients with hypertension and the possible biological mechanisms of these parameters as exacerbated risk factors for cerebrovascular diseases. Serum lipid, lipoprotein, Hcy and PDGF profiles were collected from patients with hypertension. The serum lipid profile included total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipop Protein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL- C), triglycerides (TG) and total lipid content (TLC). The serum Hcy profile included homocysteine (Hcy), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) and nitric oxide (NO) synthase (NO). The rate of hyperlipidemia in patients with hypertension was very high, even though 37.7 percent of the patients received cholesterol-lowering drugs. Serum Hcy level was significantly correlated with PDGF, but serum lipids and lipoprotein levels were not correlated with either Hcy or PDGF (Table III). Serum lipid, Hcy and PDGF were not significantly correlated. The results of this study might provide evidence of the rate of hyperlipidemia and HHcy, and the relationships of serum lipids, PDGF and Hcy in patients with hypertension. Understanding those relationships could help identify biological mechanisms which cause these parameters to be significant risk factors for cerebrovascular disease and thus help reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease.
Drawing on insights from the ecological theory, the purpose of this paper is to explore social determinants related to pathways to high-risk sexual behaviors of international travelers across an individual's life span. Using a unique sample recruited from the fourth most populous city in the USA, this study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of international travelers (n=1,037) who had traveled abroad at least once in the past five years. The results showed that the participants' personal disposition and histories shape pathways to high-risk sexual behaviors and persistence. The ecological factors (laws, policies, customs and social institutions) and life course resources (families, interpersonal ties) reinforced or hindered healthy practices and reduced or augmented risks of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among international travelers. This study is one of very few, to the best of the authors' knowledge, that addresses international travelers' health risks, while abroad, from an ecological perspective. Research on how international travel helps facilitate the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases is mostly quantitative and generally focus on the context or nature of travel. Long-term ecological triggers are rarely studied.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the quality of life (QOL) and its predictors in Thai patients following multiple trauma incidents. This study used a cross-sectional design. A total of 1,000 patients with multiple trauma incidents were included in the study. The Trauma Outcome Profile (TOP) was used to measure the QOL and its predictors. Also, the Chronic Pain Grade Questionnaire (CPGQ) and the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC-10) were employed to measure pain and resilience in Thais for the first time, while the Jalowiec Coping Scale was employed to assess the patient's coping strategies. The Trauma Outcome Profile (TOP) was used for the first time in Thailand. The Chronic Pain Grade Questionnaire (CPGQ), Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC-10) and Jalowiec Coping Scale (JCS) were used to measure pain and resilience in Thai patients following multiple trauma incidents. The TOP was found to be a good predictor of QOL. In addition, the CPGQ and CD-RIS-10 showed a positive relationship with QOL, while the JCS showed a negative relationship. This is the first study to examine the QOL and its predictors in patients with multiple injuries in Thailand. It is expected that the current study would generate new knowledge regarding QOL.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the level and trend of caesarean section (CS) deliveries in Karnataka (a state in the southern region of India) and its districts (local administrative units, immediately below that of India's sub-national States and Territories). It also tries to identify various factors associated with CS deliveries. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from the Karnataka Department of Health and Family Welfare's (DGHF) database. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multinomial logistic regression analysis. There is an increase in CS deliveries. Caesarean deliveries are higher in most parts of Karnataka district but reach alarming levels in the southern part of the state. Further, the increase was only observed in private health facilities, whereas this proportion was stagnant or even decreased in public health facilities during DLHS-3 andDLHS-4. The proportion of CS deliveries was found to be significantly higher in the northern parts of the district compared to the southern parts. This study is the first of its kind to examine the levels, trends and socio-economic correlates of caesarean section deliveries at the district level in Karnataka.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the structural relationship of a set of variables and test the relationship between maternal identity (MI) and its antecedents among primiparous Thai teenage mothers during 4-12 months following the birth of the first child. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed model. The results showed that maternal self-esteem, infant temperament, strain, social support and balanced family functioning were significant antecedents of MI among primiparous teenage mothers during 4-12 months following the birth of the first child. The results also showed that social support was the most important antecedent factor of MI. This is one of the first studies to investigate the antecedent factors of MI among primiparous Thai teenage mothers during the first year after birth.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence of emergency contraceptive pill (ECP) use and associated factors of ECPs use among women of reproductive age in Pathein Township, Myanmar. A questionnaire survey was conducted among women of reproductive age in Pathein township in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, multiple regression analysis and the PRECEDE-PROCEED model to identify factors associated with ECPs use. The findings showed that the prevalence of ECPs use among reproductive-aged women was 11 percent. Multiple regression analysis showed that predictive factors associated with ECP use were a high education level, low frequency of sexual intercourse, condom use, no experience of pregnancy and high level of knowledge regarding ECP. Moreover, enabling factors in the community comprising opening shop opening hours, lengthy opening hours and easy accessibility were associated with the use of E CPs. After adjusting variables, the study found that only high monthly family income predicted ECP usage. This study could provide reproductive health data that is useful for public health professionals and healthcare providers in planning and implementing strategic health plans. To improve ECPs services in urban areas, policy makers need to consider offering 24-hour services (24-hour opening hours) in the community.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of mindfulness-based health education (MBHE) on stage I hypertensive patients. The primary outcome was the effect of prevention and promotional hypertension behaviors (PPHB), while the secondary outcome was related to the quality of life (QOL) and perception of mindfulness and self-efficacy (SE). A quasi-experimental research design was used in this study. In total, 50 hypertensive patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups (n=30, n=25) to receive mindfulness-based health education (MBHE) in the form of self-reflective or group work induced intention, attention and attitude. In the first group, the participants were given a pre-test and a post-test questionnaire. The second group was given the MBHE and the third group was not given any health education. The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that mindfulness-based health education practice had a positive effect on prevention and promotional hypertension behaviors (PPHB) and quality of life (QOL) among patients suffering from stage I hypertension. In addition, the MBHE program had a significant effect on QOL and SE. The MBHE should be applied as a complementary treatment in stage I hypertension amongst patients in groups to produce awareness, acceptance and self-regulation for self-management in cognitive and also to control behavior promotion. These actions have a positive effect on patients suffering from hypertension and at risk of developing cardiovascular problems.
The purpose of this paper is to explore perceived barriers to accessibility and utilisation of adolescent health services in Tema, Ghana. A mixed-methods research design was used. Data were collected using a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to adolescents aged 10-19 years in Tema, a suburb of Ghana's capital city. It was found that adolescents encountered inadequate resources, negative provider attitudes, inadequate adolescent health facilities, weak parental and community support for adolescent health interventions and personal constraints in accessing adolescent health services. This study provides useful information for health policymakers and practitioners, especially those whose remit includes adolescent health, to understand barriers to access and use of adolescent health services.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the self-perceived competencies regarding the knowledge and skills of healthcare providers in the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) in Thailand. A mixed-methods study was carried out in six regions of Thailand. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of healthcare providers in the area of immunization. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences. The data from this research indicated that the individuals engaged in this work have high-level perceptions of their own competency, which serves as a reflection of their knowledge and skill in immunization practices. Nonetheless, some problematic issues were found in the work of the healthcare providers that conflicted with certain stipulated work standards. Accordingly, these findings serve as evidence of the competency of EPI staff in order to overcome the barriers and sustain effective services in Thailand. This study is one of the few studies that have been carried out on the knowledge-and-skill competency awareness of healthcare providers in Thailand. The findings can serve as empirical evidence for policy setting and for a plan of work or for guidelines for furthering the capabilities of personnel on a level consistent with the expected competency of a provider.
The purpose of this paper is to study the effectiveness of the program to increase health volunteer ability in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand. The researcher applied Bloom's learning theory as the program framework to increase the health volunteers' abilities in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand. Bloom's theory classified individual learning objectives into three domains: cognitive domain - teaching to achieve knowledge; affective domain - attitude of learners toward the subject; and psychomotor domain - the ability to practice after learning. The researcher applied the cognitive domain by teaching health volunteers about the present situation of Thai elderly, the concept of the elderly, diseases and symptoms in the elderly and theory of skills needed to learn before practising basic health care for elderly. The affective domains were taught by the researcher by teaching them about the situation of elderly, symptoms and diseases in elderly, and theory and practice of skills required to learn. The cognitive domain was taught by teaching the health volunteer about the concept and symptoms of elderly. After participating in the program, the health volunteers had increased their knowledge and improved their skills in the basic care of the dependent elderly compared to ratings before program participation. The health volunteers who participated in the increase health volunteer ability program had improved their abilities in basic care for the elderly in the communities. This study is the first of its kind to study the effectiveness of the program to increase health volunteer ability in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors associated with the decision by pregnant women to utilize either health facility, home or other places as centers for giving birth from a baseline survey conducted in Gombe state, Northeast Nigeria. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. The sample consisted of 1,000 pregnant women in paid employment in Gombe state, Northeast Nigeria. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using descriptive statistics and multiple regression analysis. The results of the study showed that the majority of the pregnant women in the study opted to give birth in a health facility while the majority (87.5 percent) delivered at home. Cost of services, transportation to the facility, ability to make decisions on the place of birth and religious and cultural practices were some of the factors found to be influencing the choice of place of delivery among the women. This study is the first of its kind to examine the factors that influence the choice of place of birth by pregnant women in the northeast region of Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the meaning, situation, process, methods and results of managing psychotic symptoms of persons with schizophrenia among caregivers in various circumstances in Thailand. A qualitative study was conducted using in-depth interviews with 20 caregivers of persons with schizophrenia in Thailand. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The caregivers experienced difficulties in managing the patients' psychotic symptoms. They struggled to make the patients achieve normalcy by maintaining medication adherence, vigilantly managing the symptoms, preventing any relapse of the symptoms and managing the consequences of being sick resulting in poor judgment, stigma, loss and other difficulties. In psychotic symptoms management, caregivers made non-intrusive observations and used many methods, including direct observation, symptom inquiry and restraint when necessary to control the symptoms. Medication management was rated as the most difficult caregiving task. Although some studies shed light on psychotic symptoms management, little is known about the caregivers' strategies in managing psychotic symptoms in various circumstances. This study contributes to psychiatric nursing practice in that it offers a new understanding of how caregivers manage psychotic symptoms of persons with schizophrenia.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of Brief Lifestyle Change in conjunction with Dental Care (Brief-LCDC) Programs on glycemic and periodontal status among diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. The study was conducted in two phases. The first phase consisted of a pre- and post-intervention study to determine the glycemic and periodontal status of DM patients. The second phase was a follow-up study to assess the effect of the LCDC program on glycemic level and periodental status. The study population was DM patients aged 30-44 years in Bangkok, Thailand. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: control group (control group) and intervention group (intervention group). After the LCDC program, the elderly patients had better knowledge, attitude, and decreased blood sugar levels (HbA1c<7 percent) and an improved periodontal status (p<0.05). However, the younger age group (30-44 years) did not improve their glycemic levels (p=0.01) or their periodontic status (P<1.05) as compared to the older age group. This study is one of the first studies to evaluate the effectiveness of the Brief Lifestyle Change in conjunction with Dental Care (Brief-LCDC) Programs on glycemic and periodontal status among DM patients in Thailand. The results of this study provide evidence that the LCDC program can be used to improve the glycemic status and the oral health of DM patients.
Quality of life (QOL) among the older adult population is affected by many factors as multiple health disorders lead to diverse physical and mental disturbances. Interventions which highlight social support are considered to be beneficial and promote mental health. Older adults need support from friends and family to overcome anxiety or loneliness and make them feel a productive part of society. In crisis situations, friends, family and social support must work together. Previous research suggested the benefits of various intervention packages based on the concept of social support to improve the QOL for the elderly. In this study, a social dance program was developed along with social support program to motivate exercise amongst the Thai elderly based on social support concepts. The purpose of this paper is to determine improvements in QOL. This study used the WHOQOL-BREF-THAI-QOL instrument to measure the QOL of older adults in Thailand. The study population consisted of 1,000 older adults aged 60 and older who participated in the social dance exercise and social support program. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: the control group and the intervention group. The intervention group was randomly selected to participate in the intervention program, while the treatment group was not. The results showed that older adults who participated in the social dance exercise and social support program reported improved physical, psychological and spiritual domains of QOL. Social dance exercise was found to be the most effective intervention to improve the QOL for the elderly. The findings can be used as key information for promoting healthcare behavior among the elderly, leading to a better QOL in the future. Focus on functional-based exercises for interventions should be encouraged to improve the QOL for older adults.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the trend of women's acceptance of domestic physical violence among married women in Indonesia and examine the determinants of their vulnerability to being a survivor of domestic violence. A cross-sectional survey was conducted among married women aged 15-64 years old living in the residence of the husband's family in West and East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. Women's acceptance of wife beating perpetrated by their husbands experienced an increase during 2002-2012. Several characteristics relating to the married woman, husband, and the household arrangement were significant determinants, and reflecting those factors contribute to women's vulnerability of being domestic physical violence survivors. To the authors' knowledge, while some published literature identified determinants of physical violence among women in Indonesia, there is a paucity of scholarly research that attempts to assess women's approval of being beaten by husbands in Indonesia. This study aimed to describe the trend of women's acceptance of domestic physical violence and examine the determinants.
The purpose of this paper is to redesign a continuous passive motion (CPM) machine for total knee replacement (TKR) therapy. The aim of the redesign was to improve the mechanical and electrical systems of the CPM machine to address knee movement in flexion and extension directions. The redesign of the current CPM machine involved the improvement of the mechanical and electrical systems. The newly redesigned machine is scoped to address knee movement in flexion and extension directions. The machine is also designed to be more flexible to accommodate knee flexion, extension and rotation. The home healthcare physical therapy system (HHCPT) was shown to be a successful choice when measured against the patient recovery status. Five aspects were identified as key checkpoints to consider a patient's readiness for transferring from hospital to home including physiological and psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team and family support. This research is the first of its kind to redesign a CPM machine for TKR therapy in Thailand. The results of this research will be useful to the healthcare system in Thailand and other countries that are considering the implementation of home healthcare physical therapy systems.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence of and risk factors for poor quality of sleep and its impact on work-related injuries among industrial workers in Thailand. A cross-sectional study was conducted among industrial workers in Thailand. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The study sample consisted of 1,000 industrial workers from different industries. Industrial workers with health risk behavior profiles, being male and shift work were risk for having poor sleep quality. Low sleep quality was associated with an increased risk of occupation injury. There is a paucity of research on sleep quality among industrial workers in Thailand. This study is the first of its kind to examine the prevalence of and risk factors for poor quality of sleep and its impact on work-related injuries among Thai industrial workers.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the acceptability, the outcomes of using medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) and side-effects and service delivery of MTP among women at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period (LMP). The study recruited women at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period (LMP). The regimen of MTP, or the combination package of 200 mg of mifepristone (Mf) and misoprostol (Ms) for TP for less than 64 days since LMP, consisting of 200mg of mf orally followed 24-48 h later by 800 ug of misoproprostol vaginally or sub- vaginally vaginally, was used. The study found that women in both rural and urban areas were either satisfied or highly satisfied with the regimen for TP. Overall, most of the women in rural areas were more satisfied than those in urban areas with the treatment regimen. There were no serious adverse events recorded in the study. No adverse events were recorded for women who underwent MTP at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period. This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to assess the acceptability, the outcomes of using MTP, and side-effects and service delivery.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the correlation between conditions of caring for the elderly and family caregiver stress in Chiang Mai, Thailand, for the sake of fostering collaboration among family members, community and agencies involved to support these family members as caregivers to care for their elderly in the family happily. This study was conducted in Chiang Mai, Thailand, using a cross-sectional survey design. The population of this study consisted of the elderly's caregivers in the family in the city of Chiang Rai, Thailand. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to the family caregivers, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results showed that conditions of caring for the elderly were significantly associated with family caregiver stress, while the elderly recipient with dementia was not associated with higher levels of caregivers' stress. This study is the first of its kind to examine the correlation between conditions of caring for the elderly and family caregiver stress in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The findings of this study can be used as a guideline for the family caregivers to be prepared for long-term caregiving for elderly.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association of chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase activity with behavioural factors among young children living in an agricultural community. The chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase levels were collected from children aged one to three years old living in an agricultural community in Sakon Nakhon province, North-East Thailand. Children's blood samples were analysed for the levels of organophosphate (OP) residues, urinary metabolite (UMT) and cholinease (ChE) levels and behavioural factors (hand-to-mouth behaviour, object- to-mouth behaviours and pica behaviours). The results showed that chlorpyrifos residues on children's hands and feet were significantly higher than the control group (p<0.05). The levels of AChE and PChE in blood samples were higher in toddlers living in the agricultural community. The association of behavioural factors with blood cholinesterase activity was found to be significant (p=0.01). The association between behavioural factors and blood cholsterase level was not significant. The urinary metabolite concentrations of pesticide residues in children living in agricultural community were higher than control group. This study investigated the association of chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase activity with behavioural factors among young children living in an agricultural community. Toddlers may be at a risk from residential exposure to pesticide. The current study evaluated only pesticide exposure via dermal routes, mainly hands and feet.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of the modified health belief model (HBM)-based intervention for reducing body mass index (BMI) for age in overweight junior high school students, aged between 12 and 15 years. The authors also measured health knowledge and health behavior. A cluster randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted among overweight junior high school students, aged between 12 and 15 years. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: control group (no intervention) and modified health belief model (HBM)-based intervention group (modified HBM-based intervention). The intervention group was given a modified version of the HBM modified for intervention program. The control group received no intervention, while the modified intervention group received the modified HBM intervention. Participants were asked to complete measures of health knowledge and health behavior before and after the intervention. The modified HBM-based intervention had the benefit of reducing the BMI for age among overweight junior high school students who complied with the program. It also improved the participants' knowledge about health and their health behavior. The HBM-based intervention had the benefit of reducing the BMI for age among overweight junior high school students who complied with the program. It also improved the participants' knowledge about health and their health behavior. Although such a program may not be realistic for many health-care systems, the findings may be useful in the development of future treatment programs.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a study about environmental problems caused by pesticide usage of people living in the highlands at Khao Kho Sub-district, Khao Koh District, Phetchabun Province in Thailand. The study was conducted in Khao Koh District, Phetchabun Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of people living in the highlands at Khao Kho Sub-district. The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, soil and sediment samples were collected and analyzed. The second phase involved the collection of water and agricultural samples to determine the level of pesticide use and environmental contamination. The application of pesticides was observed to be widely applied in the agricultural sectors of Khao Koh district, Phetchabun Province. The results showed that there were glyphosate and derivatives of glyphosate (AMPA) in soil and sediment samples, while herbicides and insecticides were not found in water and agricultural samples. This environmental contamination is the major cause of health impacts. This study demonstrated that the application of pesticides was observed to be widely applied in the agricultural sectors of Khao Koh district, Phetchabun Province, Thailand. The results showed that there were glyphosate and derivatives of glyphosate (AMPA) in soil and sediment samples, while herbicides and insecticides were not found in water and agricultural samples.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) of earthquake preparedness amongst the elderly people in Chiang Rai, Thailand in the context of their distance from an active fault in the high, medium and low seismic zones. A questionnaire survey was conducted among the elderly population in Chiang Rai, Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the elderly in the city of Chiang Mai, Phayao, Nan, Phrae, Lam Pang and Kamphaeng Phet. The respondents were asked to indicate their level of knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) of earthquake preparedness. The elders have a high level of knowledge of earthquake preparedness. Their attitude toward earthquake preparation is satisfactory. In contrast, the correct practices and appropriate practices are at a low level. In particular, they lack safety instructions pertaining to earthquakes from the Department of Local Administration, earthquake drill participation, family participation and family meetings. Furthermore, their KAPs of knowledge, attitude and practice are different in the statistical significance. The results of this study suggest that the location of the home, knowledge about an earthquake, attitude score and age are factors that were associated with taking precautions against an earthquake. The results would be useful to the Department of Local Administration or other organizations as it can be used as a model to form a strategy for survival planning. The elders have a high knowledge level of earthquake readiness. Their attitude toward earthquake preparedness is satisfactory. In contrast, the correct and appropriate practices are at a low level.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the health effects of smartphones and tablets among the elderly population in Thailand and identify the factors associated with these health effects from smartphone and tablet usage. The HEPA application was used to assess the health effects from smartphone and tablet usage among the elderly population in Thailand. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 elderly people aged 60 years and older in Thailand using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). The results of this study indicate that the health effects from smartphone and tablet usages among the elderly population in Thailand are varied. The most common health effects reported were back pain and neck pain, eye strain, fatigue, headache, and eye strain. Other symptoms reported were sleep disturbances, symptoms of depression, and lack of sleep quality. The factors associated with these health effects were age, gender, education level, income, and mobile device type. There is a lack of research in Thailand, and worldwide, that addresses the health effects of using mobile communication devices, especially smartphones and tablets, within the elderly population. The HEPA application offers the potential to assess the current health effects from smartphone and tablet usages among elderly people.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the level of knowledge and practice of breastfeeding (BF) among factory working mothers (laborers) in Kathmandu district, Nepal. A questionnaire survey was conducted among the women working in garment factories in Kathmandu district, Nepal. The questionnaire was distributed among the factory working mothers (laborers) in the garment factories using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaires were distributed in two parts. In the first part, the women were asked to indicate their level of knowledge and practice of breastfeeding (BF). In the second part, they were asked about the factors associated with BF. Knowledge and practice levels about BF are unexpectedly low among women working in garment factories in Kathmandu district. Most of the women are illiterate and do not have much knowledge of exclusive BF benefits and, as a consequence, this influenced the knowledge and practice level of BF. Inadequate knowledge and inappropriate practice have negative effects on child health. This is the first study to assess the level of knowledge and practice of BF among factory working mothers in Kathmandu, Nepal.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the situation of accessibility to reproductive health rights and the conditional factors that affected their accessibility to five core aspects of their rights among adolescents in three provinces of Thailand. An in-depth interview method was used to collect the data from 80 informants in three provinces of Thailand. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The results illustrated that some problems still exist regarding accessibility to the five aspects of reproductive health rights among adolescents. The conditional factors hindering the accessibility to these rights included knowledge and negative attitudes among administrators, operational workers, parents and adolescents; and not systematically applying the laws and policies of authorized agencies due to social dimensions, traditions, customs, sexual culture and religion. This study is the first of its kind to assess the accessibility to reproductive health rights among adolescents in Thailand. The results of this study would serve as the preliminary data for the authorities concerned in developing suitable measures to promote accessibility to health rights in accordance with this Act.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors affecting the capabilities of family development centre (FDC) staff regarding promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand. This study was conducted in Suphanburi province, Thailand, where the children enrolled in child development centers were selected as being amongst the most delayed in their language development. FDC staff were asked to complete a questionnaire regarding their personal competencies regarding parenting promotion for pre-school language development and the factors affecting their capabilities regarding family support services to promote family language practice. The results of the study revealed that the most important factors affecting the capabilities of FDC staff regarding the promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand were: knowledge of the family development center's services; knowledge of family-related issues; and knowledge of their roles in the developmental learning process for strengthening families. In addition, the results of this study also revealed that attitude and self-efficacy were the most significant factors influencing the capability of working staff regarding parenting promotion for language learning. This study is the first of its kind to explore the factors affecting the capabilities of FDC staff regarding promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research in Thailand and other developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of female labor force participation (FLFP), caste system and paid maternity leave on under-5 mortality in Nepal. The study uses a cross-sectional data set from the Nepal Labor Force Survey 2013/2014 to estimate the association between FLFP, caste system, paid maternity leave, child mortality and under-5 mortality in Nepal. The study uses the multinomial logit model to analyze the relationship between these variables. The results of the study show that the FLFP rate in Nepal is much higher than other countries in South Asia. The study also found that the rate of under-5 mortality is significantly higher among the poor, uneducated and rural women in Nepal. Furthermore, the study found that there is a significant positive association between FLFP and child mortality. The results also showed that the caste system has a significant impact on child mortality in Nepal as well. Among the Dalit castes, women from the upper caste are more likely to die compared to the lower caste women. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of FLFP, caste system and paid maternity leave on child mortality in a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate toluene exposure of the printing workers and the potential of a charcoal cloth pad (CCP) as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeability coefficient (Kp) through the association of inhalation and dermal exposure with biomarkers, i.e. hippuric acid and urinary to LU. The study was conducted in a plastic bag factory where the workers wore neither respirator nor gloves. The workers' inhalation and dermal exposure to toluene were assessed using the charcoal cloth pad (CCP) as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeability coefficient (Kp) of liquid to LU. The association of to LU exposure and UTol was investigated using the threshold limit value-time-weighted Average (TLV-TWA) as the BEI. Inhalation and dermal exposure to toluene was found to be significantly higher than the threshold limit value-time-weighted average (TLV-TWA) of 20 ppm. The TWA was higher than 0.03 mg/L in urine and 0.02 mg/ L in blood. The skin permeability coefficient (Kp) of 0.5375 cm/h was obtained from the CCP samples. The average TWA of urinary tolene was well below the TWA for the workers' inhalation exposure limit and the BEI for urinary to luene was 0.01 mg/mL. However, the concentration of toluene in the urine was higher compared with the TLV than that of the workers. This study was conducted in a plastic bag factory where the workers wore neither respirator nor gloves. The study aimed to investigate toluene exposure of the printing workers and the potential of CCP as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeation of liquid to LU through the association of to LU exposure and UTol.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the level of patient satisfaction with pharmaceutical care services provided at primary-level and secondary-level health facilities in Indonesia's health coverage system. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to patients at primary-level and secondary-level health facilities in Indonesia's health coverage (IHC) system. The sample consisted of patients who had received pharmaceutical care services from a pharmacist at a primary- level health facility or a secondary health facility. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to the pharmacists at each level of health facilities. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences. The results of this research showed a low level of patient satisfaction. The patient expectation of pharmaceutical care services in IHC system is higher than patient perception. Further research on the effects of drug information, counseling and waiting time on patient satisfaction should be conducted to improve the quality of Pharmaceutical care services provided. This is the first study to measure the level of patient satisfaction using various dimensions of services to predict the gap between patient needs and patient satisfaction regarding pharmaceutical care services in Indonesia's health coverage system.
The "Buddhist Lent Dry Campaign" is an alcohol-control program that adopts Buddhist teachings to encourage behavioral changes amongst consumers of alcohol amongst the Thai population. The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the social benefits of the alcohol consumption control program in comparison to the program cost, especially for those using public money. This paper presents a case study of a community-based alcohol-control program in Thailand. The program was implemented during Buddhist Lent (BL) in which the Thai Health Promotion Foundation (ThaiHealth), a major health promotion agency in Thailand, has taken this opportunity stemming from religious grounds to promote an initiation of alcohol consumption reduction among current drinkers during the BL period or to encourage them to quit drinking altogether as part of the "Buddhist Lent Dry Campaign." The program has been successfully implemented for more than ten years and is organized at both national and community levels. The results showed that the SROI for the community-based alcohol consumption control program during Buddhist Lent was estimated to be about 2.5 percent of the program cost, which is in line with the program's objectives. The results also showed that there was a significant reduction in alcohol consumption among current alcohol drinkers during the BL period. This is the first application of SROI in the context of a community-based alcohol-control program in Thailand. The results of the study provide a useful tool for the evaluation of public health programs using public money.
The purpose of this paper is to develop the larval indices surveillance system for low and high dengue risk primary care units (PCUs) and compare the outcomes of the implementation of an active larval index surveillance system in low- and high-dengue-risk PCUs in Southern Thailand. The "Apply CPAR approach" on the five phases of this intervention consisted of all stakeholders in the sub-district and included health providers in low and high dengue risk PCUs, VHVs, householders in villages and others. The intervention was carried out in six villages in the low dengu risk PCU and in four villages in high d Dengue Risk PCU. The community participation in the study was based on five phases, such as community participation, situation analysis, planning, development and evaluation of the surveillance system, implementation of the intervention and comparison before and after intervention. The results of the test results showed that the basic dengue knowledge of the VHVs was good before intervention, but they had a poor knowledge of larval indices. However, both PCUs had an increased understanding of the topic after intervention, because the intervention program developed their knowledge and skills on the topic. The comparison between the outcomes before and after intervention showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups of PCUs in terms of the level of knowledge and skill development after intervention. The results of the test results showed that the basic dengue knowledge of the VHVs was good before intervention, but they had a poor knowledge of larval indices. However, both PCUs had an increased understanding of the Larval indices after intervention, because the intervention program developed their knowledge and skills on the topic. The comparison between the outcomes before and after intervention showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate salivary fluoride retention demonstrated by pharmacokinetic parameters: F concentration and F half-life in saliva after brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of fluoride (F) toothpaste without rinsing or 1 g F toothpaste with rinsed water. The salivaries were also studied using the different brushing and rinses procedures. In this study, F concentration and F half-life in saliva after brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of F toothpaste with or without rinsing were measured. The salivary flow rate using the different brushing procedures was also studied. Salivary F retention was measured by pharmacokinetic parameters. The results showed that salivary F retention was significantly higher in dry brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of F toothpaste without rinsing than in the control group. The F concentration and F half-life in saliva were significantly higher when the amount of toothpaste used was higher than when it was lower. Salivary flow rate using the different brushing procedures was also studied. The results showed a significant difference in the F retention between the two groups. The amount of fluoride toothpaste was found to have a significant effect on F retention in saliva. The results of this study showed that non-rinsing and the amount of fluoride toothpaste used play an important role in raising salivary F retention and prolonging remineralizing levels.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of modified Khon exercise on functional fitness in older Thai persons. Khon is a unique dance performance in Thailand. It is a traditional dance drama performed with strong and elegant postures that integrates several performing arts and involves the story of Ramakien (Thai version of the Ramayana epic). The essence of the story is about overcoming evil with good. The study was conducted among older Thai persons (aged 60 years and older). The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: the control group and the modified Khon exercise group. The modified exercise group was given the modified version of the Khon dance performance. The control group received the traditional version of Khon, while the modified exercise was given to the modified group. Participants were randomly selected from the control and modified group, and their functional fitness was assessed using a questionnaire. The results showed that the modified Khon exercise improved lower extremity muscle strength and flexibility, aerobic endurance and balance in older Thai persons. The exercise, which is a form of lifestyle intervention in combination with art and culture, effectively improved functional fitness. This study demonstrated that exercise, when presented as a form of lifestyle intervention in combination with art and culture, effectively improved functional fitness. Thus, incorporating activities derived from shared cultural practices that require several lower extremity muscles, such as the giant marching and side lunge movements, into a health promotion program for older persons may help improve their well-being.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the contemporary knowledge and attitude of postnatal mothers regarding the essential newborn care practices to intervene and educate mothers in future for proper practices and to enable the health planners and policymakers looking into this important issue targeting different demographic factors. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted among postnatal mothers. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to assess the knowledge and attitude of mothers regarding the essential newborn care practices. The second part was administered to the mothers in the second phase to assess their knowledge and attitudes regarding these practices. This study revealed that postnatal mothers were most knowledgeable about breastfeeding and hygiene practices for newborn. On the other hand, mothers were least knowledgeable about eye care, cord care, thermoregulation and immunization. Significant association was found between socio-demographic factors and inadequate maternal knowledge and attitude on newborn care. Furthermore, knowledge and attitudes were strongly associated. This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to assess the contemporary knowledge and attitude regarding the essential newborn care practices to intervene and educate mothers in future for proper practices and to enable the health planners and policymakers looking into this important issue targeting different demographic factors.
The purpose of this paper is to assess antihypertensive medical adherence and identify associated factors among elderly with uncontrolled blood pressure hypertension in the rural area, northeast of Thailand. The study was conducted among elderly hypertension patients with uncontrolled blood pressure in rural area, northeast of Thailand. The population of this study was drawn from the 5th National Health Exam Survey in 2008-2009. The study population consisted of 1,000 elderly persons aged 60 years and older who had been diagnosed with hypertension and received antihypertensive medication at least one year after being diagnosed and receiving the medication. Data were collected using a questionnaire. More than half of the elderly hypertension patients were found to be poor adherent to medication treatment. Having a daughter as a care taker was significantly associated with good adherence. Encouraging family participation is crucial for increasing patient adherence to antihypertensive medication. The findings from this study can provide value information for health care providers and health policy maker for designing an appropriate strategy to improve antihypertensive medical adherence among elderly hypertension patients.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of elimination of diseases on expectation of life among the population in Bangladesh. The study was conducted among the population of Bangladesh during the years 2010-2011. The population was divided into two groups, i.e. urban and rural communities. The data were collected from the World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Survey (WHS) for the years 2009-2010, 2010-2012, and 2013-2014. The WHS data were used to estimate the effect of elimination of diseases on the life expectancy of the population. It was found that life expectancy at birth would increase by 3 months to 6.5 years if cancer mortality was eliminated, and by 5 months to 7 years for the elimination of heart disease and malignant neoplasm. This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to examine the effect of elimination of diseases on expectation of life in Bangladesh.
Sexual risk behaviours among young adolescents appear to be on the rise. A variety of sexual risk prevention programmes based on the principles of nursing and public health have been implemented to achieve reductions in teen pregnancy and other sexually transmitted infections (STIs) including HIV. However, the methodological and substantive features of these existing studies have never been reviewed in Thailand to identify gaps in the studies that, in turn, will affect the effectiveness of the sexual health interventions to delay the initiation of sexual intercourse and prevent other sexual risk behaviours particularly early adolescents. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This integrative review included 33 intervention studies. The systematic literature review method was used to identify the methodological and substantive features of these studies. The reviewed studies reveal that several types of studies are commonly targeted in programmes and interventions to improve adolescent sexual health outcomes, especially in the early adolescent. The interventions were different in terms of participants, intervention instrumentation, dose of intervention, measurement times, intervention instruments and boosters given. Recommendations for future studies are needed to consider methodological and substantive characteristics as well as the people who are involved in youth sexual health outcome. This integrative review included 33 intervention studies. The reviewed studies reveal that several types of studies are commonly targeted in programmes and interventions to improve adolescent sexual health outcomes, especially in the early adolescent. The interventions were different in terms of participants, intervention instrumentation, dose of intervention, measurement times, intervention instruments and boosters given. Recommendations for future studies are needed to consider methodological and substantive characteristics as well as the people who are involved in youth sexual health.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the prevalence and potential associated factors related to cognitive impairment in older hill-tribe older people who live in Chiang Rai, Thailand. The study was conducted in Chiang Rai province, Thailand, using the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) Thai 2002 as a cognitive screening tool. The population of the study consisted of older hill-tribe older people aged 60 years and above who were randomly selected from the population of Thailand's hill tribe older population. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part consisted of demographic information and the second part of the questionnaire was used to determine the prevalence of cognitive impairment. The prevalence of cognitive impairment among hill-tribe older people in Chiang Rai was found to be 13.5 percent. The prevalence rate of cognitive impairments was higher among those who were not working or who had used amphetamine in the past. In addition, there was a significant association between age and cognitive impairment (p<0.05). This is the first study to investigate the prevalence of cognitive impairment among Thai older hill-tribe people and highlights the awareness of cognitive decline in this population. It is recommended that public health education and health promotion programs should also be concerned with dementia risk factors amongst this group.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the level of quality of life (QoL) and factors influencing the QoL among elderly nursing home (NH) residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia. A cross-sectional survey was conducted among elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia. The population of this study consisted of elderly residents aged 60 years or above who resided in a NH in the province. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the elderly residents of the NHs. The respondents were asked to indicate their level of QoL and the factors influencing the QOL in relation to their reasons for living in an NH. The majority of elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia, had a fair level of QoL. Furthermore, perceived adequacy of care and reason for living in an NH were highlighted as predictors of QeL amongst those elderly elderly residents. The majority of elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia, had a fair level of QoL. Furthermore, perceived adequacy of care and reason for living in an NH were highlighted as predictors of QeL. Hence, improving adequate healthcare services and developing treatment strategies by the professionals in healthcare and social workers is required in order to support the Qo L maintenance in elderlyNH residents. The findings of this study would be beneficial as baseline information in making the future policy strategies relating to the quality of life amongst elderly in NHs.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between early initiation to breastfeeding with stunting in children 6-59 months old. The study was conducted in Jambi Province, Indonesia. The population of this study consisted of children aged 6-59 months old. Data were collected from mothers and their children. The study population consisted of mothers who had a child under the age of six years old and their child's birth weight at the time of birth. The age of the child was determined as 24-59 years old. The control group consisted of the mothers who did not have any children under six years of age. Early initiation to breastfeeding can be associated with preventing stunting in 6-59 month of children after adjusted to all other variables. There is also a significant association between water source and birth weight to stunting. Children with a low birth weight are 2.0 times at higher risk of stunting than normal-born. The most dominant risk factor for stunting was age 24-59 months with a risk 2.5 times higher than the age of 6-11 months. This study is one of the first studies to determine the relationship between early initiation to breastfeeding and stunting in children 6-59 months old in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the needs of patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting in Thailand. The aim of this study is to identify the most important needs of palliative home-based care for these patients. A mixed method approach was used to assess the needs of patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, focus group interviews and interviews with nurses and patients. The results of the mixed method approach revealed that the patients with advanced stages of cancer in the community had different needs from those in the hospital. The most important needs of the patients were to be able to communicate with family members, to be informed about the treatment and treatment options, and to be allowed to choose their own time of death. The least important needs were the need to be provided by the nurses and the need for the patients to be supported in the home. The results of this study will inform professional nurses and guide professional policies on how to provide appropriate health care services for patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of the intervention program for dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention among rural communities in Thailand. A quasi-experimental study was conducted in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand, using the Health Belief Model (HBM) as a theoretical framework for designing the intervention program. The intervention program consisted of three phases. In the first phase, the researcher used the HBM constructs to design the intervention. The second phase consisted of a questionnaire survey to assess the effectiveness of the intervention and the third phase was a survey to evaluate the effectiveness. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21. The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that the intervention program for dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention among rural communities in Thailand was effective in reducing the prevalence of the disease and reducing the morbidity rate. The intervention program had a significant effect on reducing the incidence of d Dengue fever among the rural communities. The results of this study also showed that there was a significant difference in the effectiveness of the intervention programs among the communities. This research is based on the HBM as a theoretical framework for the prevention measures and for designing intervention measures. It is necessary to encourage people in the community to receive knowledge about the disease, promote risk perception and benefits of prevention activities so that people can find solutions to reduce the risk of dengue.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the biological properties of mangosteen, Garcinia mangostana (GM), which defines as "queen of fruits", in relation to its health promotion effects. The GM's xanthone was isolated by gas chromatography-mass spectral analysis. The isolated xanthones were analyzed for their bioactive properties in relation to health promotion effects of mangosteen juice. The GM's xanthone was found to associate with health beneficial effects by lowering oxidative stress, reducing inflammation, managing and controlling obesity and diabetes, inhibiting the growth of cancer cells as well as showing anti-allergic, anti-bacterial and anti-fungal activities. It boosts up immune systems, reduced metabolic syndromes and its associated diseases. The GM possesses potential biological properties without producing noticeable side-effect. It boosts up immune systems, reduced metabolic syndromes and its associated diseases, respectively. Therefore, GM and its isolated xanthones are safe for people.
The purpose of this paper is to review the existing literature on the prevalence, risk factors and prevention of work-related musculoskeletal disorders (WMSDs) among healthcare workers (HCWs). The emphasis is on workstation redesign and innovative approaches to reduce or to prevent WMSDs among HCWs according to their job characteristics and postures. A systematic literature review was conducted to identify the most common interventions used to prevent WMSDs among HCWs. The most commonly used interventions were introducing arm support and height adjustments. The most common interventions used in HCWs were introducing arm support and height adjustments. WMSD prevalence among HCWs was found to vary based on the position of work and job characteristics. The occupations that have the highest prevalence and related risk factors of WMSDs are dentists, physical therapists and physical therapists. This literature review offers evidence that the ergonomically designed workstation is the recommended intervention that can reduce and prevent the risk factors of WMSDs among HCWs.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the concepts of health, disease or illness and health in the context of their environment and to propose an approach to health development. The paper is based on a review of the literature on health and disease concepts, health development perspective and health development approach. The paper concludes that the concept of health and disease concepts should be used as a basis for the development of a health development approach. The paper provides an overview of the concepts of health, disease or illness and health in the context of their environment. It also provides an approach to health development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the life narratives of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people who used substances in a substance treatment center by using narrative qualitative research. Ten participants with diverse sexual orientations/genders were invited to participate in the study. The trustworthiness was used to ensure the results from the qualitative data. The data were analyzed using narrative qualitative research. There were three emerging themes, including the following: life before using substances; life turning point; and motivation to stop using substances, were the results of the qualitative study. This study can help counseling psychologists and clinicians who work with LGBTQ addicts in order to gain a wider perspective, such as the fact that not only the psychological treatment of LGBTQ addicts needed for recovery (such as counseling for unsatisfied relationships, healing traumatic experiences from sexual/physical abuse and social oppression), but also the social movement that promotes equality.
Unintended pregnancies are an increasing public health problem among youth in both developed and developing countries, including Thailand. The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of an educational program on knowledge, attitudes and intentions regarding condom and emergency contraceptive pill use among Thai university students. A self-efficacy theory-based educational program on condom and emergency contraceptive pill use was designed based on a peer-led educational program. The educational program was delivered in two parts. The first part focused on knowledge and attitudes and the second part on intentions to use condoms and emergency contraceptives. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those who participated in the educational program and those who did not participate in the program. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The research assistant was of a similar age and lived in the same context as participants, creating a comfortable climate for data collection. The educational program increased knowledge and intention toward condom and emergency contraceptive use. The educational program had a positive effect on improving the knowledge and intentions of Thai female university students. There was no significant change in attitudes toward using condoms and emergency contraceptives. No previous studies have tested the effect of educational programs on knowledge, attitudes, and use of condoms and emergency contraceptive pills among Thai university students. The educational program increased knowledge and intention toward condom use.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors related to methamphetamine relapse risk among clients in the substance rehabilitation center of National Narcotics Board in West Java, Indonesia. The population of this study was taken from clients in a rehabilitation treatment setting, having already passed the detoxification phase and also not showing any physical withdrawal. Therefore, physical withdrawal was excluded from the selected independent variable of the study. A set of questionnaires that produce database on client's perception on relapse risk during the rehabilitation phase of treatment was employed. The results showed that in general, clients in the rehabilitation center of NNB in West Java, Indonesia, were at a moderate level of methamphetamine relapse risk. Outcome expectancy, negative emotional state, positive emotional state and craving had positive significant correlation with relapse risk, while self-efficacy had a negative significant correlation. At last, motivation, social support and coping had no correlation with methamphetamine relapserisk. This study employed a set of questionnaires that produce client perception on client's perception during the rehabilitation phase of treatment. Further, a qualitative research is suggested in order to obtain additional data about relapse risk which is relevant to current situation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the prevalence of tobacco use and associated factors influencing the use of tobacco among adolescents in a school setting in Bhutan. This study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 students aged 13-15 years old in Bhutan. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, kh2 test and multiple regression analysis. The proportion of current smokeless tobacco users was slightly higher than that of current smokers. Having friends who are users of tobacco, ever tried alcohol before or current users of alcohol and experimented with tobacco in the past were significant predictors of the current tobacco use among adolescents. Adolescents with an extrovert personality type or having poor self-esteem were found to be associated with their using tobacco products. This study is the first of its kind to examine the prevalence of tobacco use and associated factors influencing the use of tobacco among adolescents in a school setting in Bhutan.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effect of delaying first pregnancy in reducing burden of unintended pregnancy (UP) among married adolescent girls in urban slums of Bangladesh. A cross-sectional study was conducted among married adolescent girls aged 15-19 years in urban slums of Bangladesh. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample was selected using stratified random sampling technique. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and multivariate analysis of variance. Findings showed that 32 percent of the married adolescent girls aged 15-19 years have begun childbearing, and prevalence of UP at least once in their lifetime among married adolescents in urban slums of Bangladesh is 24 percent. Higher education levels and financial autonomy are vital motives for new family formation and delayed childbearing. Individuals with fewer potential may have less flexibility to adapt their family formation that may resulted in unintended pregnancies and poorer pregnancy outcomes. Findings from this study are of crucial interest to policy and decision makers who set up policies for adolescent girls' education, health and well-being. Needs of the married adolescent girls should be addressed during policy and program formulation in Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to provide examples of menu board design to convey sugar, salt and fat (SSF) information and health messages in school cafeterias. This study used a qualitative research design. Data were collected through interviews and observations in a senior high school cafeteria in Depok City, Indonesia. In total, 30 students participated in the study. It was found that the menu board media for SSF information and health messages was designed in such a way that it was easy to read and understood by the students. The students were able to easily read and understand the information detailed on the media board. This study is one of the first studies to provide examples of menu board design to convey SSF information and health messages in school cafeterias. The results of this study can be used to effectively educate high school students about health and SSF content in their diet.
The purpose of this paper is to correlate and predict between community health and related factors and delineate the phenomenon of medical pluralism (MP) in Thammasen sub-district, Ratchaburi province, Thailand. A questionnaire survey was conducted in Thammasen sub-district, Photharam district, Ratchaburi province, Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the community members of the community health center (CHC) and community health workers (CHW). A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed, out of which 1,500 questionnaires received, resulting in a response rate of 77.5 percent. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 20.0. Four factors were found to be significantly related to improving community health: health care behaviors, perceived health status, attitude toward health care and access to health services. In addition, FM, TTM and conventional medicine (CAM) were significantly associated with health care behavior. This study is one of the first studies to identify the factors related to community health and delineate the phenomenon of MP in Thammasen sub-district.
- At the World Health Assembly in 1977, all member states of the World health Organization (WHO) resolved to set a goal of "Health for All by the Year 2000" for governments and the WHO to collaboratively work toward achieving healthy living standards, thereby ensuring a socially and economically productive life. A year later in 1978, at the international conference on Primary Health Care (PHC) at Alma Ata, USSR, it was declared that a PHC) approach was the key to health for all by the year 2000. This approach focused on health care being made universally accessible to individuals and families, with their full participation and involvement, and at a cost that the community and country could afford because it benefits the community's overall social and economic development. The purpose of this paper is to discuss this issue. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of health for all by the year 2000 (HFA/2000) and the World Health Organization (WHO) Global Strategy for Health For All by the Year 2000. - There are many reasons why the goal of HFA/2000 could not be attained. The reasons were broadly determined in the areas of social, economic and environmental domains outside the capacity of individual countries to control, particularly in the case of developing countries. However, due to a global and regional spirit of unity and solidarity, as well as strong advocacy and the coordinated action of the World Health Organization (WHO), efforts were made toward achieving health for all. A PHC approach was developed and the idea of a Universal Health Coverage (UHC) system was considered to be an important requisite of the "Health for All" goal. Many countries worldwide have been keenly interested in the application of the UHC idea, seeing it as a driving force to support governments toward achieving the goal. - The paper provides a cost-efficient plan for developing a health improvement plan for the sustainable development of health.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the need for a pro-active approach to health development in Thailand. This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of health care in Thailand. The sustainable development of a population's health is undoubtedly an important factor in a nation's progress toward peace, security and prosperity. Achieving good health must be built on equity and social justice in health, and the foundation of a primary health care approach. However, health is an individual responsibility and self-reliance at individual, family and community level is fundamental to achieving the described WHO targets. This paper provides an overview of the current situation of health care in Thailand and the need for a pro-active approach to health care development.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the pattern and perception of alcohol drinking among the Lahu people, Northern Thailand. The Lahu tribe is the second largest population among the hill tribe communities in northern Thailand. They have many festivals that involve alcohol use. However, there is no information available on the patterns and perceptions of alcohol use among Lahu in Thailand, and no data on the effect of globalization on their drinking practices. A questionnaire survey was conducted among the Lahu people in 217 villages in Chiang Rai, Northern Thailand. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was distributed to Lahu males and females aged 18 years and above, and the second part was sent to the entire population of the villages. The respondents were asked to answer questions about their patterns and perceptions of alcohol drinking. Several factors contribute to drinking alcohol among the Lahu people including age, income, occupation, knowledge, attitude, taste, and experience. Family and parenting styles are also found as contributing factors either in a positive or negative way. Peer pressure was found to be the most crucial factor in starting and continuing to consume alcohol, particularly amongst Lahu males. The consumption of alcohol is associated with celebrations and is also a means of defining social levels within the LHAI community. The practice of consuming alcohol after work is seen as a cultural adaptation following the practice of neighboring Thai communities who serve alcohol to their employees after work. The Lahu tribe is the second largest population among the hill tribe communities in northern Thailand. They have many festivals that involve alcohol use. However, there is no information available on the pattern and perception of alcohol drinking among the Lahu in Thailand, and no data on the effect of globalization on their drinking habits and practices. Therefore, the results of this study will inform future health education and health programs in the region in reducing the use of alcohol among theLahu population.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of two emotional regulation strategies - cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression - on predicting successful aging among Thai older adults. This study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from Thai older adults (aged 60 and older) in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses. Cognitive reappraisal was found to be significantly and positively related to successful aging among Thai older adults. In addition, expressive suppression was not significantly related to any of the five dimensions of successful aging. This study has led to a new understanding of the relationship between emotion regulation strategies and successful aging in elderly Thais. These older adults who used the cognitive appraisal strategy to manage their emotions were more likely to report overall successful aging. In addition, the older individuals who frequently suppressed their emotional expression reported less successful aging, suggesting that the cognitive reappraisal strategy can facilitate successful aging among older adults.
The purpose of this paper is to examine, on the community level, the effects of the intensive lifestyle modification (ILM) program (including health education based on a health belief model components and linkages, counseling, and exercise training) on weight and metabolic syndrome risk reduction in obese women in rural areas in Thailand. The intervention group consisted of women aged 30-44 years (44.2 percent) and 45-59 years (50.6 percent) who were randomly assigned to the intervention group and the control group. The intervention group was randomly selected from a sample of 1,000 obese women in rural municipal areas in Thailand. The control group had a BMI of 25.5 percent, body mass index (BMI), WC ratio, body fat, visceral fat, and waist-free mass (WC) ratio, and metabolic syndrome risk reduction index (MSRI). The intervention groups were randomly selected using a stratified random sampling method from the population of the study area. The intervention group showed significant improvements in BMI, body mass index (BMI), WC, waist-hip ratio, body fat, visceral fat, and fat-free mass. The control group showed no significant changes in BMI or WC. The intervention group also showed significant reductions in the BMI, WC, and visceral fat. In addition, the intervention group had significant improvements on all the metabolic syndrome components (i.e. blood pressure, hemoglobin A1C, blood lipids, and total cholesterol). The significant weight loss in the intervention group was 10.2 percent greater than in previous studies because those involved longer lifestyle modifications that required several specialists and thus, implying higher cost-effectiveness to achieve high weight loss. In addition, the interventionist was not only a health professional but also a successful weight loss achiever who acted as a powerful cue to stimulate participants to accept and conform to the program recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to describe and compare the effective of hand foot mouth disease (HFMD) prevention and control measures between low and high epidemic areas in Northern Thailand. A qualitative study was conducted to describe and compare the effective of HFMD prevention and control measures between low and high epidemic areas. An in-depth interview method was used to collect the data from 18 staff members who work in sub-district local governments in the northern part of Thailand. The results from interview showed that the sub-district local government office has no policy of HFMD control and some areas only had commands without statement evidences ofHFMD control. Low epidemic areas have greater feasibility of resources allocation for HFMD prevention and control than those in a high epidemic area. Another problem is that the staff are not stable because of the nature of the area. Staff do not have the necessary qualification for HF MD control and there is lack of a disease control team. Most of them have education; their main job is to cooperate with other staff. The last issue is antiseptic for cleaning the environment; it was found that most DCC use Dettol(r), soap, dishwashing liquid, detergent, and water for cleaning environment. These materials do not contain disinfecting materials, so they are ineffective for disinfecting the environment. This study is the first of its kind to compare the effectiveness of HFMD prevention and control measures between high and low epidemic areas in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate factors that determine the compliance of mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria, with routine childhood immunization. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was administered to mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. In the first part, the mothers were asked to indicate their level of knowledge of childhood immunization. The second part of the questionnaire was used to determine the factors that determine the compliance of mothers with routine childhood Immunization. The findings of the study revealed that having a high educational status achieves a high level of knowledge of childhood immunization that, in turn, leads to a high levels of compliance with child immunization among mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria. There is a dearth of information regarding factors determining the compliance of mothers in respect of childhood immunization in south west Nigeria especially Ekiti State. This study was therefore carried out to investigate factors that determine the compliance with child immunization among mothers of children under five years of age in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality of life and mental health of older workers in community enterprises in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. The study was conducted in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. The population of the study was older workers in community enterprises. The sample consisted of older workers who were employed in pasteurized salted egg processing, rice cracker production, tissue box sewing, organic fertilizer development, and weaving. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the older workers of community enterprises in 32 districts of the province. The results showed that the older workers in community enterprises have a better quality of life and mental health than other workers in the informal sector. They are more likely to be satisfied with their work and have a positive attitude toward their work, and they are more willing to continue to work in the community enterprises. However, they are not satisfied with the working conditions and work environment. They have a negative attitude towards their work environment and work conditions, and their mental health is poor. This is the first study to investigate the quality of life and mental health of older workers in community enterprises in Nakhon Ratchasima province.
The purpose of this paper is to study the efficacy of the district TB co-ordinating team on health service performance for suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients (PTB) in a district hospital. This study was a cross-sectional descriptive study. The study was conducted in a district hospital in Chulalongkorn Province, Thailand. The population of the study was all suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients (PTB) who had been diagnosed with smear positive TB in the previous six months. Data were collected from the district TB co-ordinating team and the community health volunteers. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA, and ANOVA. The district TB co-ordinating team played a role in improving the health service performance of TB for increasing the rate of investigation and confirmed cases. The results found statistically significant (p-value=0.001) differences in incidence of chest radiography with completed microscopy in pre-intervention and post-inter intervention after diagnosis of smear positive TB. The number of smearpositive cases also increased from 27 to 51 cases. In regards to the referral system, we found no statistical difference in terms of TB arrived with a referral document from health center. This is one of the first studies to study the efficacy of the district TB co-ordinating team on health service performance for suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients in a district hospital in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the causal relationships and job stress among employees between those who were supporting their aging parents to the other group who were not. It is important and necessary to compare these groups because Thai immigrant employees who looked after their aging parent are less stress than immigrant employees without rearing their parents due to blood bonding in Thailand. Data were collected from 352 Thai immigrant employees working in Bangkok (n=352) and Nonthaburi provinces (N=248) in Thailand. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. The results showed that working conditions were most consistently associated with the job stress among both those Thai immigrant employees with rearing aging parents as well as those employees without rearing their aging parents. In addition, the wages variables had a direct effect on job stress in both groups. However, it could be considered that both variables still had less effect than the working conditions and had little association with job stress. The empirical study is the first and outstanding research finding of Thailand because Thai immigrant employees who looked after their aging parents are less stress than immigrant employees without rearing their agingParents due to blood bonding in Thai society. Therefore, employers should set up activities (i.e. exercise, entertainment, and relaxation) to reduce job stress. In addition, it can increase the labor productivity.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of international leadership for the control of disease outbreaks relating to "One Health" in the twenty-first century. The paper aims to discuss the current issue of emerging infectious diseases (EIDs). - The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of "One Health" and the author's personal experience in the field. - Effective leadership is vital for successful control of disease outbreaks. We can learn leadership skills, but it is more important to earn them through practice. The world community started paying serious attention on the issue of new emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases (IDs) in early 1990s; from where there have been several evolutions. The current issue is known as emerging infectious diseases. - The paper provides an overview of the current situation of emerging infectious diseases (EIDs) in the twenty-first century. It also provides an insight into the role of international leadership for the control of disease outbreaks.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the quality of life (QoL) of primary family-member caregivers of patients with cancer in Thailand. The authors adapted the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale, a global tool for measuring QoL among caregivers, to assess caregivers' self-efficacy and social support. The authors used the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale to assess caregivers' QoL among patients with cancer in a teaching hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results showed that caregivers' self-efficacy and social support were significantly related to their QoL. Social support moderated the relationship between caregivers' perceived self-efficiency and their QOL. To the best of the authors' knowledge, few studies have evaluated QoL among family-member caregivers in Thailand, and there is no specific tool for measuring QOL among Thai family- member caregivers. Therefore, the authors adapted the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale, a global tool for assessing caregivers' quality of life among patients with cancer, to assess the association with self-efficacy and social support among primary family-members caregivers of cancer patients in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to identify knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) of municipal solid waste (MSW) management among highland residents in Northern Thailand. This study was conducted in the highland area of Chiang Rai province in Northern Thailand. The population of this study was selected as a model community in this study. A questionnaire was designed to collect data on knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) of MSW management among highland residents. The questionnaire was distributed to the residents of highland community. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 21. The findings of this study indicated that participants' knowledge of MSW management is high, but the levels of attitude and practice are neutral and moderate, respectively. It showed positive correlation relationship between knowledge and practices. Furthermore, the result of this research was reasonably cleared that the most important issues must be focused on the group of young people (less than 20 years old). This study is the first of its kind to examine the knowledge, attitude and practice of municipal solid waste management among highland residents in Northern Thailand. It provides a basis for development of waste management in highland community as a whole.
The purpose of this paper is to present experiences of women survivors of intimate partner violence (IPV) with the qualitative method, the purpose to explore experiences of survivors of IPV. This study used the qualitative method, the purpose to explore experiences of survivors of IPV in Thai women. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with 20 women who had experienced IPV. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The findings revealed that, despite the fact that the survivors experienced IPV had faced sufferings, namely, physical, psychological and economic, they could cope with the problems by getting a variety of help such as help from the family, group support and health providers. As a result from these groups, they are able to increase self-esteem and feel ready to join a group support activity. Besides, all of them were able to end abusive relationship. Moreover, they had to release resentfulness and build positive strategic coping by practicing mindfulness. Although western research has revealed data on the recovering experience of IPV survivors, little is known about the adaptation methods of abused Thai females to survive and overcome IPV. This study helps shed light on the method of overcoming and recovering of women with IPV in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination and factors related to the intention to obtain the vaccine among young college women in Thailand. A convenience-based survey was used to collect the data. The sample consisted of 1,000 young college women aged between 18 and 25 years in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results showed that the intention to obtain the HPV vaccination was significantly influenced by attitude, subjective norms, and perceived behavioral control. Knowledge, demographic, and personal history were found to be the most important factors influencing the intention of the women to get vaccinated. The study used a convenience-based sample. Generalizability cannot be applied to all young college women in Thailand. However, the results of this study can be used to improve the HPV vaccination program among young women in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to review the evidence on the impact of community-based HIV testing and counselling (HTC) interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes including social and behavioural outcomes. A systematic review was conducted using the systematic literature review method to identify relevant studies published in peer-reviewed journals in HIV/HIV testing and counselling (HTC) journals between 2000 and 2015. The selected studies were then systematically reviewed to identify the impact of community-based HTC interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes. The review revealed that community-based HTC interventions are effective in improving the uptake of HTC and some other secondary outcomes including social and behavioural outcomes. However, the study identified some methodological limitations that included the use of observational designs in most studies, the risk of bias (selection, performance, and/or detection bias), lack of expert validity in developing a rational conceptual framework, and lack of practical significance. This is the first systematic review to examine the impact of community-based HIV testing and counselling interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes. The findings of the study provide a basis for further research to improve the uptake of HTC.
The purpose of this paper is to synthesize published research concerning patients' readiness for discharge, particularly those who underwent primary total hip replacement (THR) surgery. The aim of this integrative review was to create an understanding of patients' views and experiences of readiness for discharged. An integrative review of qualitative research concerning the discharge readiness of patients who underwent primary THR was conducted. Qualitative empirical evidence was reviewed to create an understanding of patients' views and experiences of readiness for discharge after THR. Results indicated a lower perception of preparedness and willingness for discharge by patients than by healthcare professionals. Five major themes were identified including physiological experiences, psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team, and family support. These themes influenced the readiness for discharge of THR patients. This study presented an integrative review of qualitative research concerning the discharge readiness of patients who underwent primary THR. Results indicated a lower perception of preparedness and willingness for discharge by patients than by healthcare professionals. Five major themes were identified including physiological experiences, psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team, and family support. These themes influenced the readiness for discharge of THR patients, and this issue should be given significant future consideration.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the extent and nature of work-related respiratory health problems and spirometric abnormalities among stone crushing workers in Bangladesh. The study was carried out in Lalmonirhat district, Bangladesh, using a cross-sectional survey design. The sample was selected from the stone crushing industries in the district. The population of the study was selected using stratified random sampling. The data were collected using a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the workers of the industries using a purposive sampling technique. The total number of questionnaires distributed was 1,000. The results of the study showed that there was a significant association between loss of lung function and cumulative respirable dust exposure. The risk is high among the workers who smoke cigarettes. The study also found that the workers with silicosis and smokers were at higher risk of respiratory health problems than the non-smokers. The results of spirometric analysis showed that the most common respiratory problems were bronchiolitis, bronchial asthma and pneumonia. The results would help to raise awareness of the issue. The government should make a national policy for the prevention, control and elimination of silica exposure and silicosis so that primary prevention can be ensured. Raising awareness of workers and plant owners could reduce the health hazard.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the patients' attitude toward diabetes mellitus (DM) screening in Thai dental clinics. A questionnaire was developed to collect data from dental patients who attended dental clinics in Thailand. The questionnaire consisted of three parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to determine the patients' attitude toward screening for DM in dental clinics. The second part was to determine their willingness to be tested in dental clinic by non-medical personnel. The third part was a survey to determine patients' attitudes toward DM screening. It was found that 83.0 percent of Thai respondents thought that the screening for medical conditions was somewhat or very important. It was also found that most patients perceived the importance of the screening, were willing to be screened, and agreed that screening for DM should be applicable in dental clinics. This is the first study to investigate the patients' attitude toward screening for DM in dental clinics in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to develop neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia so that the future development of these standards can contribute to the improvement of quality nursing care for the neonate as well as reduce the high mortality rate of neonates. A Delphi study was conducted to develop the SNNPC for neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia. A total of 20 experts were invited to participate in this study. The experts were selected from the Department of Pediatric Nursing and Midwifery of the Angkor Hospital for Children in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. The expert group consisted of ten pediatric nurses. All items and sub-items achieved consensus as either being at the most significant level and therefore, could be key indicators for neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia. The results of this study can be incorporated into a focused discussion led by the Nursing and Midwifery Bureau of the Ministry of Health to develop national standards of practice for neonatal nurses in Cambodia. Moreover, the experts were encouraged to add more components of standards according to their experience.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the validity and reliability of an adapted-for-purpose questionnaire designed to capture urban household health expenditures (HHEs) among Malaysian households as part of a larger series of studies to develop a health microinsurance scheme in Malaysia. An adapted-for-purpose questionnaire was designed to capture urban HHEs among Malaysian households. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 households in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The reliability and validity of the questionnaire were assessed using confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and structural equation modeling (SEM). The results showed that the adapted-for-purpose questionnaire was found to be valid and reliable in capturing urban HHEs among Malaysian households. It was also found that the reliability of the questionnaire was significantly higher than that of the original questionnaire. This is the first study to assess the validity and reliability of an adapted-for-purpose questionnaire designed to capture urban HHEs among Malaysian households as part of a larger series of studies to develop a health microinsurance scheme in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of unilateral Swedish massage on the neural activities measured by quantitative electroencephalography (EEG) measured by EEG. Swedish massage, a type of modern massage, is commonly used as an intervention in a number of research works and as the standard treatment in several countries. In this study, the effects of unilateral Swedish massage on the neural activities measured by quantitative electroencephalography (EEG) were investigated. The Swedish massage was performed in two parts. The first part of the study was conducted with a control group and the second part was performed with a treatment group. The treatment group was randomly assigned to one of the two treatment groups. In the first part, the brain activities were measured by EEG. The brain waves were recorded in terms of their frequencies consisting of d (0.5-4 Hz), th (4-8 Hz), a (8-13 Hz) and b waves (>13 Hz). In the second stage, the EEG was recorded in the treatment group and then in the control group. The results showed that unilateral Swedish massage had a positive effect on the b wave activity. In addition, it was found that there was a decrease in the th power and a power of the brain waves measured by EEG. Moreover, there was an increase in the d wave activity, which indicated the relaxation-promoting effect of Swedish massage. This is one of the first studies to investigate the effect of unilateral Swedish massage on the brain activities measured by EEG. The results of this study can be used as a basis for further research on the effects of Swedish massage.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the training program factors to develop the competency of regional operating officer (ROO) in the virtual service provider office (VSPO) in Thailand, which is a new management mechanism created to realize the health service system development plans. The training program factors were selected from the VSPOMM, which was composed of seven factors from 74 selected variables, which were as follows: providing administration and management for everyone, regardless of time and place, as of media and technologies fit in any way, establishing administration by collaboration and clearing house, supporting technical services both in the system and outside the system in academic administration, instituting stakeholder support system in the network of general administration, freedom in budget administration, especially in information technology development, personnel administration with new management and information technology skills, and operating support resources management, including management cockpit, document, and URL web link, and using web technology applications. The results showed that the training program factors were as follows: providing administration and management for everyone, regardless of time and place, as of media and technologies fit in any way, establishing administration by collaboration and clearing house, supporting technical services both in the system and outside the system in academic administration, instituting stakeholder support system in the network of general administration, freedom in budget administration, especially in the information technology development, personnel administration with new management and information technology skills, and operating support resources management, including management cockpit, document, and URL web link, and using web technology applications. This is the first study to analyze the training program factors to develop the competency of regional operating officer (ROO) in the VSPO in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the ambient dust pollution condition in selected point areas (residential, commercial and industrial) of Mingaladon area, Yangon region, Myanmar to find out the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors (traffic congestion, wind speed, ambient temperature and relative humidity). The ambient dust pollution was assessed by using the Environmental Perimeter Monitoring Station (EPMS) handheld monitoring devices. The PM2.5 and PM10 concentrations were determined using the Western Air Quality Index (WQI) and the World Health Organization (WHO) reference guideline values, respectively. The study also examined the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors (traffic congestion, wind speed, ambient temperature and relative humidity) in the study area. It was found that both PM2.5 and PM10 concentrations in these two areas exceeded the WHO reference guideline value. The main cause of these results was mostly due to high traffic congestion (R2=0.63 and 0.60, respectively). According to the study, about 1,160 vehicles which consisted of 355 and 1,964 vehicles per hour, respectively, for residential and commercial area passed through every hour in the study area during the study period. Another important factor was that lack of green environment intensifies the dust pollution. This study is the first of its kind to assess the dust pollution condition in selected point areas (residential, commercial and industrial) of Mingaladon area, Yangon region, Myanmar to find out the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of medical care globalization and medical tourism on public health and public health policy. The paper is based on a review of the literature on medical care globalization and medical tourism. The paper is mainly based on the author's personal experience in the field. It was found out that there is a need for international collaboration in economic development and the development in other sectors of global economy, which refers to the collaboration ideas and other aspects of culture that improves economic well-being. There would be no country that would be able to pursue its development in isolation without inter-country collaboration. The paper provides a new perspective on medical care globalization and medical tourism, which has not been discussed in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to determine if an additional 60 minutes of supervised exercise training one-day a week, plus the non-supervised use of a pedometer is superior in effect to a non- Supervised exercise program combined with or without pedometer alone. A randomized control trial and follow-up study was conducted in Thailand. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups (supervised exercise program and non-supervised use of a pedometer alone) with or without a supervised exercise program. The control group (no exercise program or pedometer) was randomized to either the intervention group or the control group. The group with the supervised exercise program tended to change sedentary behavior in the longer term more than those who used the pedometer alone. Both groups showed decreases in systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Not only the intervention exercise program, but also individual characteristic factors were associated with blood pressure reduction. However, the group with a pedometer combined with supervised exercise training had a significantly larger reduction in blood pressure compared to the group without the intervention. The results of this study will help to determine health promotion policy and health care services in the near future. The results of the study will be useful to health care providers and public health professionals in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to explore on the relationship of parental feeding practices (PFPs) and home environment to eating behaviors and nutritional status of school-aged children. A cross-sectional study was conducted in Don Tum district, Nakhon Pathom, Thailand. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The sample consisted of 1,000 school-aged children aged six to ten years old. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 20.0. The results indicated that PFP, but not HHFIS, was associated with child's BMI. The mean BMI of boys and girls were not different, but girls had better eating behaviors as indicated by higher eating score than boys. Higher proportion of boys who had improper eating behaviors like eating fast with having a large portion was found when compared to girls. The results also indicated that the family's food insecurity affected the dimension of PFP. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the relationship between PFPs and BMI of school-aged children in Thailand. The results of this study could be used as a reference for policy makers and health professionals to design appropriate interventions to reduce obesity in children.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the variety of foods consumed by older people under their social, economic, environmental, and cultural contexts in the northern communities of Thailand. It is, therefore, necessary to understand the perspectives of older people and their families concerning foodstuffs consumed by the elderly. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from older people and their families in the northern communities of Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the older people in their homes and to their immediate family members. The respondents were asked to indicate the variety of foods that they consume. It was found that older people in the northern communities of Thailand eat a wide variety of foodstuffs. The majority of older people eat fast foods, fast food, and fast food products. They also eat a variety of vegetables, fruits, legumes, meat, fish, and legumes. In addition, the majority of the older people are not familiar with the concept of healthy food. They are not aware of the importance of healthy foods, and they do not know how to prepare healthy foods. They do not have the knowledge and skills to make healthy food choices for themselves. This study is the first of its kind to explore the variety of foods consumed by older people in northern communities of Thailand. This knowledge will help community nurses and health care personnel to design clearer and more comprehensive "care for older persons" and prepare the community to be involved in producing sufficient and quality foods to meet the demands, and which can be purchased and used for health purposes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how critical social science (CSS) can be used as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, and how it can be applied to the work of universities in Australia. The paper is based on a review of the literature on critical social science as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, as well as the author's own experience of working in the field. The paper argues that critical social science can be used as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, and that it can be applied in a way that allows for the exploration of the conditions under which it occurs, in ways that puncture the myths that hitherto have been allowed to underpin it. The value of the paper is that it offers a new approach to the use of critical social science as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of universities and research in times of crisis and the need for universities to come into their own and demonstrate their agility, flexibility and wisdom to use the crisis as an opportunity rather than a danger. - The paper is based on a review of the literature on universities and research in times of crisis, and the author's personal experience of working with universities and researchers during the pandemic. There is now an added imperative for research and researchers to come into their own and demonstrate their agility, flexibility and wisdom to use the crisis as an opportunity rather than a danger. Researchers across all disciplines will be called upon in the post-pandemic recovery phase to utilise every paradigm and research methodology at their disposal, and possibly some that do not currently exist, to address the massive social and scientific impacts of COVID-19. - The paper provides a unique perspective on the role of universities and research in times of crisis. It is of value to academics, researchers, policy makers, government and practitioners.
The purpose of this study was to develop a detailed competency matrix with knowledge, skills and attitude (KSA) components for the two core competencies of the optometry profession. A participatory approach aided by the Delphi technique was used in the study. Although the study was completed in 2019, the approach adopted is particularly applicable in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic disruption to the educational field. A participatory approach aided by the Delphi technique was used in the study. The E-Delphi method as described here is one of the best alternatives available for transforming our curriculum in scientific manner during a lockdown situation. Appropriate use of technology and participation of a variety of experienced professionals can make this transformation feasible in a short time. The results of the study revealed that the competency matrix for the two core competencies of the optometry profession, namely, knowledge, skills and attitude (KSA) and applied optics, was developed using the modified Delphi technique. The study also found that the E-Delphi method as described here is one of the best alternatives available for transforming the curriculum in a scientific manner during a lockdown situation. This study provides a way of ensuring involvement of stakeholders in the process. Appropriate use of technology and participation of a variety of experienced professionals can make this transformation feasible in a short time. The swiftness and collaborative efforts of educational institutions with their professional counterparts will help us to be better prepared for educational practices when the COVID disruptions are tempered.
The purpose of this paper is to critically assess the potential benefits and limitations of collaborative autoethnography (CAE) as a qualitative research method to be used by social scientists during the unprecedented time of lockdown, self-isolation and social distancing. The authors critically assess the potential benefits and limitations of CAE as a qualitative research method to be used by social scientists during the unprecedented time of lockdown, self-isolation and social distancing. The authors argue that qualitative researchers should consider using their own first-hand experiences as a rich source of data. The authors argue that qualitative researchers should consider using their own first-hand experiences of navigating the pandemic as a rich source of data. In this methodologically unique and challenging time, instead of relying on others to study social reality, they could study society through themselves, delving further into the cultural and social impacts of the pand epidemic. CAE, in this regard, is deemed to be a useful, ethical and self-empowering research method. The authors encourage qualitative researchers to take advantage of CAE as a research method to collect and analyze as much data as possible during the pandemic, when our social interaction is extremely limited. In other words, the authors do not promote CAE just as a temporary methodological solution; rather, they appreciate the full potential of CAEs as a method of qualitative inquiry to be used to gain further insights into social reality.
As the world bears witness to COVID-19, a reactive rhetoric and nomenclature of the "new normal" has emerged to describe and define the materiality of the global pandemic. A redefinition of teachers' work and how to make habitable the shift to an online pedagogy has served to illuminate the constitutive moments of teacher identity. The purpose of this paper is to provide an account of researching with the "Sturm und Drang" of the pandemic in narratives drawn from a research project on teachers' teaching. The paper draws from a qualitative research project that sought to understand the ways in which teachers and researchers were responding to COVID-19 in their teaching and learning. The data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews, participant observation and document analysis. Data were analysed using a thematic analysis approach. Findings suggest that teachers' experiences of research with COVID-19 have been informed by a wider ideological narrative of disquiet, uncertainty and dis/ease with existing social structures that has crept in tandem with the spread of the pandemic. The exclamation mark has become the default punctuation when constructing personal, social and cultural narratives out of the "storm" and "stress" induced by the pandeline. This paper provides an account of teachers' experiences of researching with the "Sturm und Drang" of COVID-19 in narratives drawn from a research project that sought to illuminate the constitutive moments of teacher identity in relation to the pandemic. The authors argue that teachers' stories of teaching with the pandemics provide a rich source of information for future researchers and educators.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a viewpoint from a vice-chancellor's perspective on the role universities can play in times of crisis in Australia. The paper is based on the author's experience as vice-chancellor of La Trobe University in Australia during the bushfires and COVID-19. The paper finds that universities have a vital role to play in times of crisis. The first thing they can do is to provide practical assistance to those in the community who have been affected. During the bushfires, for example, La Trobe University offered financial and counselling assistance to students and staff who suffered bereavement or financial loss. The university also put its resources at the disposal of the community, making student accommodation on the Albury-Wodonga campus available to the police and visiting fire fighters from the US, so they had somewhere safe to stay. It also made its expertise available through national and international media. This paper provides a unique perspective on the role of universities in times of crisis from a vice-chancellor's point of view.
- The purpose of this paper is to reflect on what matters in our here and now. The last few months has demanded that I ask this question, what matters? What I thought mattered stopped mattering and what I did not think mattered...well, mattered more. The coronavirus disease (COVID) months have changed us and we have attempted to change our lives, our homes, our ways of being. - The author's three ways of being encompass the personal, the public and the pedagogical. The virus breathing at the nape of our collective necks, we have exactly that...the uninvited narcissistic breath of COVID. What matters now? - The virus breathing at the nape of our collective necks, we have exactly that...the uninvited narcissistic breath of COVID. The virus did not give us permission to go forward, indeed, we find ourselves floundering, even drowning in the inability to move ahead. For some, inertia has become a way of being; for others, we insist upon skyrocketing ahead into our changed lives. What matters now? - This paper is a personal reflection on what matters in the here and now. It is a reflection on the virus and its impact on the personal, the public and the pedagogical. The virus has moved me to think about what my human needs should be: a place to be safe, to be gentle and to create gentility; a place for collectivity, equity and to insist that this place matters.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the importance of sustainable innovation on products and services innovation in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil). The research question is translated as: what is the importance of sustainable innovation in product innovation and services? Coherently, this study aims to examine the influence of SI on products and services innovation, in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil). In addition to this introduction, the article presents the theoretical inherent in innovation and sustainable innovation; results and discussions and conclusions. The results show that SI has influence on innovations in products and services in the northern companies in the RS, as it showed a close relationship between SI - PIS, with a R2 = 0.307, suggesting that organizations should invest in environmental actions, so that this is converted into innovative products and service. As discussed by Tidd (2001) and Prajogo (2016), punctuated innovations enable sustainable development by use of novel components as well as the improvement of basic production processes to produce a product. This study is one of the first to examine the importance of sustainable innovation on products and services innovation, in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil).
The aim of the current research is to analyze how ludic prosumption is featured on plays based on successful pop culture franchises performed in Brazilian fanvideos. Based on the argument that fans are prosumers, the present study suggests that fan plays can be called ludic Prosumption. The empirical context lies on Brazilian fans who have produced and published plays on YouTube based on main franchises in the entertainment industry. Interpretive Content Analysis (ICA) was used to analyze fanvideos produced by Brazilian fans and posted on YouTube. Results are described through categories and codes. The results indicate that Brazilian fans perform plays based on successful pop culture franchises as ludic prosumption in their fanvideos. The analysis of the data shows that the majority of plays are hedonic and autotelic in nature, and that they are performed for pure amusement and self-expression purposes. Moreover, the analysis shows that plays are produced and published by Brazilian fans in a participatory manner. The theoretical contribution of the present research lies on the fact that it interconnects different concepts to suggest that fan plays about pop culture refer to ludic prosumption. Thus, this research aims at endorsing the discussion about how different fan practices can manifest the prosumption in Web 2.0 scope.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test a theoretical model to evaluate how some dimensions of environmental awareness influence the intention of consuming organic products and how the gender influence it too. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a theoretical model was proposed and tested using structural equation modeling (SEM). In the second phase, the data were collected through a survey, using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to a sample of 1,000 Brazilian students. The results confirmed the relation between the environmental awareness dimensions influence and the intention to buy organic products that is also influenced according to the consumers' gender. In this case, it was verified, from the validation of a theoretical model, that there is a more positive effect and intensity in the organic product purchase by women. This research contributes to the understanding of the intentional behavior of buying organic products, which is essential for the sustainable consumption realization, since Brazil is the third largest producer of organic products and has the largest consumer market for organic products in Latin America.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) on employee retention in Generation Y (Gen Y) in a financial services industry, particularly in the accounting profession in Malaysia. Data were collected from a sample of accounting professionals working in a financial services company in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The results of the study revealed that CSR has a significant impact on talent retention among Generation Y in the accounting profession in Malaysia. In addition, the study also found that the impact of CSR on employee retention is positive and significant. The findings also revealed that there is a significant relationship between CSR and employee retention. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of CSR on talent retention among Generation Y in a financial services industry, particularly in the accounting profession.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of entrepreneurs' social capital offline and online on early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months. The study is based on a quantitative approach. The sample consists of early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of 1,000 entrepreneurs. The authors used the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to analyze the data. The results show that social capital offline has a positive influence on entrepreneurs' social capital online and offline networking behavior. In addition, it is possible to observe some differences between offline and online networking behavior when it comes to accumulating social capital. On the one hand, offline social capital is found to be more important than online social capital in terms of the resources that entrepreneurs can access through face-to-face interactions. At the same time, online social media has a negative influence on the amount of social capital that entrepreneurs accumulate. The paper is inserted in the essence of such considerations. From an empirical perspective, the paper aims to insert the social capital theme into the reality of early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors that affect consumer satisfaction and loyalty to online group buying sites in the Brazilian context. Data were collected through an online survey, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS). The results show that the attractiveness of discount rates, service quality, popularity, online brand image, online antecedent antecedents of word of mouth (WOM), trust and creativity have a positive effect on satisfaction and loyalty to online group buying sites. This study contributes to the literature on marketing and online consumer behavior, more specifically in the context of group buying, by identifying the factors that affect consumer satisfaction and loyalty to group buying websites. It should be remembered that the Brazilian context differs greatly from the models traditionally adopted and widely researched in countries such as the United States, China, Taiwan, Germany, Russia, Germany and Brazil.
The purpose of this study is to identify and characterize the studies developed in the field of strategic human resource management (SHRM) practices between 1997 and 2017. This way, the authors intend to describe methodological, demographic and content patterns of the national scientific production between 1997 - the year in which the emergence of the first editions of the journals analyzed herein occurred - and 2017, when the study was finally concluded. Likewise, the other purpose of the review is to present the institutionalization of the research on the theme in Brazil and the relationship network among research institutions. Finally, the outcomes presented supported the proposition of a study agenda that indicates new research paths regarding the implementation of SHRM policies and practices. This study is based on a bibliographic review of the national scientific production of the field of SHRM in Brazil between 1997 and 2017. The authors analyzed the articles published in the first two editions of the Brazilian edition of the International Journal of Human Resource Management from 1997 to 2017. The results of the analysis indicate that the scientific field of SHRM has diversified notably since seminal studies until the most recent developments identified. Furthermore, the authors observed more complex studies through the inclusion of new organizational variables, which are determinant to the better understanding of this search field according to Lengnick-Hall et al. (2009). This is the first bibliographic review of the national scientific production on the theme of SHRM in Brazil and the institutionalization of the research on this theme in the country and the relationship network among research institutions. The outcomes presented supported the proposition of a study agenda that indicates new research paths regarding the implementation of strategic HR practices.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between fantasy and discourse in the consumption of online pornography and the exercise of female sexuality in Brazil. A qualitative research design was used in this study. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with women who consume online pornography, and the data were analyzed using a thematic analysis. The results of the study indicate that the consumption of online pornography is a way to exercise female sexuality through the exercise of fantasy and discourse, which seems to be related to a more free female sexuality, considering that the sexual activity for women also presents a greater appreciation of sex-related products. In addition, it is possible to observe that the female consumption of pornography is related to the expression of fantasy, which is a process of self-expression and self-actualization. This study contributes to the understanding of the consumption of online pornography in Brazil, which is still incipient in the field of consumption studies. It also contributes to a better understanding of female sexuality in the context of pornography consumption, which has not been studied in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to identify potential arrangements of fully funded defined contribution (FF-DC) pension plans associated with the continuity of resource allocation for retirement. This paper aims to answer the following research question: what are the effects of automatic enrollment and employer match on the choice of pension plans? The authors conducted an experiment with the choice of pension plans in a country with a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) regime and a fully funded defined contribution (FF-DC) regime. The authors used a random sample of 1,000 employees, who were randomly assigned to one of the two pension plans. The data were analyzed by means of logistic regression. The results show that automatic enrollment and employer match have a positive effect on the choice of DC pension plans. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the number of pension plans and the amount of savings. The authors also find evidence that the probability of choosing a DC pension plan is higher in the case of automatic enrollment. This paper contributes to the literature on the choice of pension plans by showing that automatic enrollment in pension plans that depend on individual decisions is not an effective way to improve savings decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the organizational learning capacity (OL) of startups in the Northeast region of Brazil and to determine whether there is an association between the level of interaction with the startup ecosystem and the startup's stage of development. Data were collected through a survey conducted in the Northeast region of Brazil. The sample consisted of companies that participated in the Edital de Inovacao para a Industria (Notice of Innovation for Industry) program between 2012 and 2017. The data were analyzed by means of descriptive statistics and logistic regression. The results show that the OLC of the companies that participated in the Edital de Inovacao para a Industria (Notice of Innovation for Industry) program was significantly higher than that of those that did not participate in the program. In addition, it was found that there was a significant difference in the level of OLC between the companies selected for the program and those that were not selected. This study is one of the first to analyze the OLC of startups in the Northeast region of Brazil, which is a region that has not been studied in this way before.
In order to deepen research on film analysis in the field of management, the research question was "How does the film portray leadership concepts through metaphors?" Hence, the main objective was to analyze the metaphors about leadership present in a film. The authors chose the movie Chicken Run (Park and Lord, 2000), an animated film, which is full of metaphors, with important concepts about leadership and teamwork. The authors chose a qualitative methodology, the content analysis (Bardin, 2016), divided into three stages: (1) preanalysis, (2) material exploration and (3) treatment of results, inference and interpretation. The metaphors present in the film facilitate the understanding of internal and external dynamics of organizations, proving to be an interesting and creative way for the teaching-learning process in management. Management shows a dynamics in the metaphors and analogies used in film language, awakening reflections and new dynamics. The concepts of freedom, teamwork, resilience and leadership styles are presented in a creative way, through the metaphors. The use of metaphors in film analysis made it possible to interpret concepts in order to better understand organizations. The metaphors present in the film facilitate the understanding of internal and external dynamics of organizations, proving to be an interesting and creative way for the teaching-learning process.
The purpose of this paper is to study the potential application of the lean product development (LPD) and agile project management (APM) approaches in the product development of the construction industry. The potential application was investigated not only in the technical dimension but also in the social dimension. A multiple case study of three Brazilian companies in the civil construction industry was carried out. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with managers from each of the studied companies. The interviews were conducted in order to investigate the current problem solving strategies, degree of knowledge, the agents' perception on the alternative approach and interaction with internal (other employees) and external agents (customers and suppliers). From this research, it was concluded that, at the moment, the cases studied show little adherence to LPD and APM concepts within their organizational context. When technical aspects of this low adherence were analyzed, the authors did not find technical reasons that would hamper the adoption of LPD or APM. On the other hand, the social dimension (obstacles concerning organizational culture and social relation established in the current organizational structures) stood out as the biggest barrier to its non-adoption. It was found that the context of the technical challenges faced by the studied companies did not differ from similar ones solved with the help of the proposed approach. This paper contributes to the existing literature on the application of LPD and APM in the construction industry by investigating the potential application of its technical and social dimensions in one of the most traditional industries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the applicability of social media (SM) in a service company. The goal is to understand how digital marketing strategies can be used in order to improve the firm's digital marketing plan. A case study was carried out in a Portuguese human resource (HR) company. A total of 205 responses were obtained from the company's Facebook page, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares method. The results show that the honeycomb model can be used to understand how to increase engagement on Facebook. It was found that there are significant differences between males and females in the use of different SNS features and content. In addition, it was also found that the Facebook pages of the company's clients are different in terms of the content and frequency of information provided. The honeycomb model is a new approach to understand how to increase engagement on social media using the honeycomb approach. It can be used as a tool to improve the effectiveness of the firm's digital marketing plan on Facebook.
Given that the economic success of organizations is largely due to their ability to innovate, this study aimed to identify the organizational tools and mechanisms that provide the development of innovative capacities of companies that have been technology-based incubators, linked to community universities. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a qualitative study was carried out, using semi-structured interviews with managers of companies that have been technology-based incubators linked to community universities in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The second phase consisted of a quantitative study, using a questionnaire survey of the companies that participated in the study. The results of the study show that companies that have been technology-based incubators have developed innovative capacity through the development of behaviors and routines, skills and processes and mechanisms of learning and knowledge governance that underpin the innovation development of the product, process and behavioral dimensions. These are fundamentally related to product, processes and behavioral innovations. This study contributes to the understanding of how the innovation process occurs in companies, since the development of innovation may assist companies in the elaboration or review of their strategies and innovation management policies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of gender diversity in the composition of the board of directors (BD) and the executive board (EB) of Brazilian companies on dividend policy-related decisions. The authors intend to analyze if the increase of female participation per se - apart from any cognitive, institutional or individual attributes - can affect the decision-making in terms of dividend policy. The analysis is based on a sample of Brazilian companies listed on the BM&F Bovespa Stock Exchange (BVES) for the period of 2011-2015. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to the board of directors (BD) and to the executive board (EB) of these companies. The sample consists of 1,812 companies, representing a response rate of 27.5 percent. The results show that the presence of women in the board of directors (BD) and in positions of the executive board (EB) has a marginal influence on the level and nature of the decisions concerning the distribution of dividends in Brazilian companies. Moreover, the results indicate that the female participation in deliberative bodies can reflect aspects of the decision-making process in management, reaching elements explicitly related to dividend policy. This paper contributes to the literature by adding evidences on the consequences of gender diversity in management regarding strategic decisions, which involve important contracts between the company and important stakeholders in a developing economic environment and not represented by purely economic models. In the managerial sphere, the results can raise discussions on the use of monitoring mechanisms, helping the decision to favor policies that favor more heterogenous groups within the composition of management bodies.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study carried out in an aircraft maintenance center that composes the Brazilian aeronautical sector. The objective of the study is to analyze and propose a sequencing method for maintenance activities in order to reduce the total downtime. Once the sequencing aims to increase aircraft availability, it has a strong influence on delivering the service in a competitive time. This paper presents a case study carried out in an aircraft maintenance center that composes the Brazilian aeronautical sector. The objective of the study is to analyze and propose a sequencing method for maintenance activities in order to reduce the total downtime. Once the sequencing aims to increase the aircraft availability, it has a strong influence on delivering the service in a competitive time. In this way, aircraft maintenance centers must guarantee a fast, quality service with competitive cost in the market. The results of the case study show that the proposed procedure structuring method can be applied successfully in the aircraft maintenance process. In addition, the application of the proposed method can help to reduce the total downtime of maintenance activities in order to increase the aircraft availability and reduce the cost of maintenance. The proposed procedure structuring method can be applied in the aircraft maintenance process in order to reduce the total downtime and increase the availability of the aircraft.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the participation of teenagers as influencers in the buying decision of a family car in order to find out the relevant factors related to their preferences. The authors adopted a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire that was distributed to teenagers between the ages of 13 and 19 years of age. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling (SEM). The results indicate that the most important factors considered by teenagers when purchasing a family car are the features of the car, the price, the quality of the vehicle, the availability of the automobile, the car's features, the value of the family and the price. The study also indicates practical and academic reasons for the decision to buy the car. The results contribute to the understanding of the decision-making process of a single item in a specific way. The teenager, as part of the nuclear family - a couple and their children - can be seen as the one who points out characteristics and alternatives or tries to persuade his/her parents to acquire the automobile considered the best choice.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate how the Patent2net computational tool collects and organizes the massive amounts of information related to distance learning (DL) patents in the area of continuing medical education using a data mining tool, thus reinforcing its importance as an example of an Open Patent Service (OPS). This paper uses a qualitative research method - with a descriptive character - to demonstrate how information about DL patents related to continuing medical education can be extracted, organized and made available, in the form of graphs and dynamic tables, using the Patent2net computational tool, which collects and organizes the massive amounts of information related to DL patents. The automation of the collection and organization of the patent information demonstrates that researchers, as well as any member of society, interested in knowing and/or evaluating technical information present in patent documents, can have access to new technologies. Furthermore, there is, currently, an enormous amount of underutilized data in the databases that make a manual search of these documents nearly impossible, which justifies the use of mining data tools, such as Patent2net. Thus, information related to patents, previously deposited only in the deep web, becomes easily accessible in dynamic search interfaces available on the surface web. The automation of the collection and organization of the patent information demonstrates that researchers, as well as any member of society, interested in knowing and/or evaluating technical information present in patent documents, can have access to new technologies. Thus, through the use of this computational tool, information related to patents, previously deposited only in the deep web, becomes easily accessible in dynamic search interfaces available on the surface web, contributing to the expansion of technical and scientific knowledge, which in turn can bring a series of benefits to the nations or corporations that make use of them.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate urban resilience, defined as the cities' ability to respond to or use a negative event as an opportunity for change and development (Graziano & Rizzi, 2016) as well as the sustainable development policies of smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo (SP). This study is based on a quantitative research design, using a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, which was distributed to the population of smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo (SP), and the data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that urban resilience is positively related to economic, social and environmental well-being in smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo. In addition, it is found that the relationship between urban resilience and sustainable urban development policies is positive and significant, with a positive impact on economic and social well- being. This is the first study to investigate the relationship between urban resilience and sustainable development policies in smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the implementation of sustainable urban development policies of smart cities, as well as for the development of the concept of urban resilience.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the mediating role of learning capability on the relationships between technological capability, relational capability and the performance of small and medium enterprises (SMEs). The study adopted a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of SMEs firms in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that learning capability fully mediates the relationship between technological capability, relational capability and firms' performance. In addition, learning capability was found to play a mediating role in the relationship of technological capability and relational capability on the performance of SMEs firms. This study is one of the first to empirically examine the mediating role of learning capability on the relationships between technological capability, relational capability, and the performance of SMEs in developing economies.
The purpose of this paper is to identify low-cost bus business models from different parts of the world and check their applicability in the Brazilian market. It also identifies crucial factors for the development of that kind of business and investigates the relationship between low- cost buses and other modes of transport. The paper is divided into five topics. First, the literature review is presented in order to better understand the concept of low-cost and its transition to the bus market. The bus markets in Europe and in the USA were analyzed and a research on regulation was made, given the importance of that factor in the development of bus systems. Finally, low- cost bus business models around the world were characterized and discussed. There is a great potential in the Brazilian passenger market for the entrance of low-cost bus companies. The only question is just when it is the right time to enter that market. Most of the negative points presented for the entry of a low- cost company are related to the current economical and political crisis in Brazil. Other negative points are strictly related to a previous market model in Brazil, which granted many advantages to air carriers, while bus companies were stagnated in a concession-based model. This research analyzes every relevant aspect to the applicability of low-cost business models in Brazil, driving to discussions and conclusions. It identifies crucial factors for the development of that kind of business and investigates the relationship between low- cost buses and other modes of transport.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of the technological segment of the general environment on crowdfunding platform operations in Brazil. To conduct the research, a panel with six specialists was conducted, whose reports were analyzed through a content analysis with the aid of software. From the six items analyzed within the technology segment, the following conclusions could be drawn. First, population broadband access, which is a barrier to platform growth and expansion, is essential for scaling operations; moreover, this aspect is directly related to the socio-cultural segment of the general environment, that is, people's trust and greater acceptance of crowdfunding. Thus, this technological aspect cannot be dissociated from other cultural aspects, which implies considerable marketing investments by the platforms. Second, the use of data analysis is a strong trend for the improvement of practices, while exploring the social context through which sharing of practices manifests itself. This work can be justified by the gap in studies that focus on platform management, especially the analysis of the strategic environment. Business environment monitoring is an alternative that enables decision makers to use data and information to better understand the external elements and interconnections of various sectors, translating this understanding into the required planning and decision-making processes. The results achieved here serve as a focus of attention to the main factors that may be responsible for relevant changes in the actions of crowdfunding platforms.
The purpose of this paper is to assess whether the presence of venture capital (VC) and private equity (PE) funds in invested companies contributes to reducing the underpricing of their shares at the moment of IPO. The population of companies making IPO in the Brasil Bolsa Balcao (B3) between 2007 and 2017 was considered. The hypotheses were verified by using descriptive statistics, correlation analysis, mean difference tests and cross-sectional regression, including their assumptions. The results show that companies with prior participation of VC/PE funds have less underpricing of IPO shares compared to those without such participation. The greater the participation of these funds in these companies' capital, the less the underprices of their IPO shares. Differently from other studies, this one is concerned with capturing the sensibility regarding the participation of VC/PE funds in the companies' capital structure before their IPO. Also, the recent crisis in the country's economy might shed light on the relevance of these funds as alternative development sources in the Brazilian market.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the results generated by an innovation management program (IMP) of the FAZ Program, a public policy that supports innovation in Brazil, according to the Pro-Inova goals. The IMP of the FAZ Program is analyzed according to the public policy goals of Pro-Inova Serido Region, and the results generated by the program are compared with the results obtained by the IMP's results. The results show that the IMP of the FAZ Program has met the Pro-Inova goals, and that the results generated by the program have increased the companies' innovation management capacity, and consequently the innovations' success. This paper presents the IMP of the FAZ Program filling a gap with a research that analyzes an IMP's results according to the public policy goals that support it. The analysis of the results from the program is important because it gives insights about the expected economic return of the public policies that support the program.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the innovation value chain in seven strategic projects of the Brazilian Army. The paper aims to identify the common features among the projects and identify the innovation processes involved in them. The research is based on a case study of seven strategic projects of the Brazilian Army. The authors analyzed the innovation value chain of these projects through the application of a value chain analysis (VCA) model. In order to do so, the authors applied the VCA model, which was developed by the authors' own research. The results show that the innovation value chain in strategic projects of the Brazilian Army is composed of three main phases: development, implementation and commercialization. In the first phase, the authors found that there is a high level of collaboration among the projects' partners, which is based on the common features of the projects. The second phase of the value chain is characterized by the development and implementation of the project's technology, and the third phase by the commercialization of the technology. The authors also found that in the last phase, there is the creation of a new innovation ecosystem, in which the projects are integrated into the national defense system. This study contributes to the development of a model of the innovation value chain in strategic projects of the Brazilian Army, which can be used as a reference for other organizations that are involved in the development and implementation of similar projects.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the applicability of the lean method for product development in a small Brazilian company, focusing on its application in the development of new products. The study is based on a case study from the company Vendo Movel. The technical report to be presented is from the company Vendo Movel, real name withheld by the studied organization, founded in 2011; it is the first online store in Brazil specializing in the sale of complete sets for babies, children and young teenagers, selling furniture and decoration items. Therefore, it is placed within the value chain of the large Brazilian furniture market, retail chain. The results show that the lean method can be applied in a small company, but it does not apply in the same way as in large companies. The main reason for this is the lack of knowledge about the subject in small companies, and the need to be aware of the limitations of the lean concept in this context. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first application of the lean method in a small company in Brazil. It is also one of the few studies in the area of product development in the context of small companies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of attributes, perceived value and trust on the purchase intention of consumers of organic food. To do this, the authors collected data and submitted them to EFA and multiple regressions. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling. Results indicated that emotional value, economic value, social value, trust and the sensory attribute affect purchase intention. The first was the strongest predictor, and the last emerged as a negative an unexpected result. The study offers some academic contributions. The first is the focus on organic food. This topic, from the consumer's perspective, is not much explored in Brazil, even with the growing market for these products. The second contribution is the combination of perceived value, attributes, trust, and purchase intention in a single prediction model. And the third is the evidence of scales validity for attributes, perceived values, trust and purchase intentions.
Project portfolio selection (PPS) is an iterative process whereby managers select projects from available proposals and current projects, in order to meet organizational objectives. The purpose of this paper is to identify which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects and what aspects are crucial to manage radical innovation portfolios. A systematic literature review was conducted to identify the main characteristics of the different PPS approaches. The authors identified 12 taxonomies of PPS methods, which are grouped into three main categories: traditional, multi-criteria decision and simulation-based approaches. Then, the authors identified which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects. The authors identify 12 taxonomies of PPS approaches and identify the main characteristics of these approaches according to the degree of innovation level. The authors also identify which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects and what aspects are crucial to manage radical innovation portfolios. This paper provides a comprehensive framework regarding how the PPS approaches evolved to better fit within the context of radical innovation. This finding provides a rich portrait regarding the approaches, helping scholars and practitioners to identify when and how to use these approaches according to the innovation level. Finally, the authors provide a theoretical framework in which these approaches associate these approaches to the level of innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to map the international scientific production on sharing economy through the analysis of bibliometric and sociometric indicators, as well as content analysis. The Scopus knowledge base, a comprehensive database of scientific journals, was chosen as the object of this study. The Scopus database was searched for articles on sharing economy published in international journals between 2000 and 2016. The bibliometric and sociometric indicators used in this study were: authors, research centers, keywords, citations, journals and research networks. In addition, content analysis was performed to identify the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field, as well as international aspects of research in this field. The results of the bibliometric analysis showed that the sharing economy field is still in the initial stage of research, and the majority of the articles were published in English, mainly in the USA and the UK. In addition, the co-authoring analyses performed with the support of VOSviewer(c) showed a large number of clusters, each containing few authors. From these discussions, it was possible to observe that the dispersions of authors and journals identified in the database corroborated, respectively, the precepts of Lotke and Bradford. The sociometric analysis enabled the identification of the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field, as well as international aspects of research in this field. This study is the first to map international scientific production on sharing economy through the analysis of bibliometric and sociometric indicators, as well as content analysis, which enabled the identification of the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field and international aspects of research in the sharing economy field.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of culture, evaluation of store image and consumer satisfaction on purchase intention at supermarkets. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 supermarket customers. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The results show that the cultural dimension of individualism-collectivism (I-C) has a positive impact on consumers' evaluation of store image and satisfaction, which, in turn, have a positive effect on purchase intention at supermarkets. On the other hand, store image has a negative impact on satisfaction, but it does not affect purchase intention directly. This is the first study that investigates the impact of culture, evaluation of store image and satisfaction on purchase intention at supermarkets. It is also the first one that examines the relationship between culture, satisfaction and purchase intention.
The purpose of this paper is to identify, through a systematic review of studies on Brazil's image, the characteristics of the Brazilian personality, associating them with the cordial man of the book Raizes do Brasil (Roots of Brazil). In addition, based on that review, it aims to present an agenda for future management studies, suggesting works in several managerial areas which may be influenced by traits of Brazilian personality. A systematic review of the literature on Brazil's image and personality was carried out, using the method of content analysis. The review was conducted in two steps: first, a content analysis was performed to identify the main characteristics of the Brazilian personality, associating them with the cordial man of the book Raizes do Brasil (Roots of Brazil). Second, the characteristics of Brazilian personality that emerged from the review were compared with those of the Cordial Man of Roots of Brazil. Based on that review, the paper presents an agenda for future management studies, suggesting works in several managerial areas which may be influenced by traits of the Brazilian personality. Based on the review, it was found that the main traits of Brazilian personality that emerged from the literature in the systematic review are cordiality, hospitality, generosity, aversion to ritualism and coexistence without over-politeness. This is the first systematic review of studies on Brazil's image and personality from the perspective of the cordial man of Roots of Brazil. The paper presents an agenda for future management studies that may be influenced by traits of the Brazilian personality.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between book-to-market (B/M) ratio, a standard measure of firm fundamental characteristics (with the profitability), changes in profitability and dividends growth rate in the Brazilian stock market. The authors consider that greater shareholders value creation (whether of growth or value stocks) is represented by higher growth rates of return on equity and dividends (or, simply, by higher "growth rate"). For this analysis, the authors use two correlation techniques, two types of portfolios' formation analysis and two univariate regressions to attest the robustness, besides some multivariate regression with several control variables. The authors use a sample of 1,000 Brazilian companies listed on the Bovespa stock market from January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2017. The results show that the growth stocks create greater value to shareholders because they grow at a high rate than the value stocks. Also, the authors find that the duration-based explanation is not a valid argument for the value premium. The authors also find evidence that the B/M ratio is a predictor of the levels of profitability, changes in profitability and dividends growth rate. The findings are original in their way of exploration in this market and contribute to filling the existing gap in this literature. Also, the authors present an important advance on Chen (2017) in discussing the effect of growth on value and growth stocks in an emerging market under the context of shareholder value creation.
The purpose of this paper is to identify which risks can impact the productive planning in the MTS-MTO hybrid production system in order to understand, considering the scope of supply chain risk management (SCRM), this correlation and its relevance. This study is characterized for combining SCRM and hybrid production systems. For doing so, a mixed methodological approach (qualitative and quantitative) was applied through a case study of a large Brazilian automaker. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's top management and through the use of the impact and probability matrix. Based on the interviewees' responses, the most relevant SC risks with greater impact on the company are those that may cause some type of interruption in the production line. The use of the impact and probability matrix, adapted from Thun & Hoenig (2011), shows that the most significant risks are related to rupture and operational ones. This study is characterized for combining SCRM and hybrid production systems, which are not always present in organizations. Studies on risks in SCs and hybrids are aimed at assessing these themes individually, as the works by Chang, Ellinger, and Blackhurst regarding the risk mitigation in SC and Soman, Van donk, and Gaalman regarding the MTS-MTO hybrid production system.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the adoption of sustainable innovation practices and the performance of industrial companies. Based on the literature review, the authors propose a research model that links the adoption of sustainable innovation practices to the performance of industrial companies. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 industrial companies operating in Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The authors used structural equation modeling (SEM) to analyze the data. In general, the results showed that the adoption of sustainable innovation practices is related to business performance, since the authors found positive associations between dependent and independent variables. The authors also observed significant differences of means for the following variables: integration with local communities and other stakeholders to generate social and environmental benefits; mechanisms of interaction with stakeholders; practices to reduce emissions in the supply chain; PSS that seeks to create alternatives for product replacement by PSS; sustainable practices to ensure stakeholders' well-being; and production systems and selected suppliers to provide environmental and social benefits. The results of this research lead to the identification of important elements for the development of this knowledge area, with a significant contribution to the country's scientific production, as well as to a reflection on business practices.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement of hedonic and utilitarian products. An experimental design was used to test the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement. The study is operationalized by the two products operationalized in the manipulation of the type of purchase (utilitarian vs hedonic). The results show that time pressure and multiplicity of options have a negative effect on the purchase delay of hedonic and utilitarian products and that the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) has a moderating role in the relationship between the interaction and the delay of the purchase. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement of hedonic and utilitarian products in the face of time pressure.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the coaching process from the perspective of experts and practitioners (coaches), addressing daily aspects of its practice, as well as controversial elements in the organizational field. It also examined the role of Human Resources (HR) professionals and departments regarding their knowledge and monitoring of this process when hiring such services for their organizations. The authors conducted the empirical research in 2017, based on 20 interviews with experts and professional coaches with knowledge and experience in the Portuguese organizational context and in other European countries, as some of them work in France, Germany, England and Spain. The findings show that the coaching process is a complex process, and that HR professionals and departments need to be more aware of this process when hiring coaching services. HR departments should be more active and in line with business strategy and results, since coaching has been adopted as a management philosophy and not a specific development action in organizations. This is one of the first studies to analyze the coaching process from the perspective of experts and practitioners (coaches), addressing daily aspects of its practice, as well as controversial elements in the organizational field. It also examined the role of HR professionals and departments regarding their knowledge and monitoring of this process when hiring such services for their organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: why do individuals become Uber drivers and how is it to work as one? The objective is to analyze why people have become providers in the sharing economy (SE) and how it feels like to be a provider in the SE. This study is based on a qualitative approach, using a case study of Uber drivers in a developing country. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with Uber drivers and a focus group discussion. The results show that the main reasons that lead people to become Uber drivers are economic, social, social and cultural. The authors also found that the drivers are motivated to work as Uber drivers because of the economic and social reasons that they have to work in the SE and because they feel a sense of belonging to the SE. In addition, they are motivated by the social and psychological reasons that make it possible to become an Uber driver. This paper contributes to the SE literature by providing a theoretical and practical perspective on the reasons that lead people to become SE workers and how it is to work in an SE; even though sharing, in this context, is not sharing at all (Eckhardt, 2015).
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: Are workers age 50 and over facing ageism (discrimination against people on the basis of their age) in Brazilian companies? The overall objective of the work is to bring up evidence about the existence of ageism. For this, a survey was conducted on private companies' requirements for workers, focusing on the profile of this workforce in terms of gender, education and time with the company from a longitudinal perspective. The database used is from the survey "Melhores Empresas para Voce Trabalhar - MEPT" (Best Companies To Work For). This research annually compiles data from hundreds of companies operating in Brazil, regarding their HRM policies and practices, as well as the perceptions of their employees regarding the work environment. The study verified if and how the specific issues of workers age 50 and over are dealt with in the individual hiring for work, but encountered limitations based on the limited nature of the data presented. In particular, the information presented is only representative of its own group and thus is limited to the private sector. Although this cannot be generalized, it offers support for reflections on the subject. The study verified if and how the specific issues of workers age 50 and over are dealt with in the individual hiring for work, but encountered limitations based on the limited nature of the data presented. In particular, the information presented is representative of its own group and thus is limited to the private sector. Although this cannot be generalized, it offers support for reflections on the subject.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a management support tool for stricto sensu graduate programs (SS-GP) in Brazilian higher education institutions (HEIs), capable of generating input lists for Scriptsucupira, making data collection more efficient, and providing information to support managers, subsidizing educational projects focused on the HEI management. The tool was developed using a contingency approach to project management, considering that adopting a contingency management approach, adapted to the environment where it is applied, could increase the chances of project's success in organizations. The tool was designed and developed in two phases. The first phase consisted in the design of the tool, based on a literature review. The second phase involved the development of a prototype tool, which was applied to a case study of a Brazilian SS-GP program. The results show that the tool is capable of generating input lists for Scriptsucupira, making data collection more efficient, and providing information to support managers, subsidizing educational projects focused on the HEI management. In addition, it is possible to use the tool to support the management of SS-GP. This paper contributes to the development of a management support tool for SS-GP in Brazil, using a contingency approach to project management, considering that adopting a contingency management approach, adapted to the environment where it is applied could increase the chances of project's success in organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the dimensions of organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) that contribute to increase the effectiveness of IT governance (ITG) through the perception of individuals who work in public organizations. It is important to understand the behavioral effects on ITG effectiveness, since the simple adoption of ITG mechanisms does not ensure that they will be effective in meeting governmental demands. Data were collected through an online survey from a sample of public servants working in public organizations. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that the spirit of initiative and identification with the organization have a positive effect on IT governance effectiveness perception. The results also show that organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) has a positive impact on the perception of ITG effectiveness through the dimensions of OCB. In addition, the findings show that OCB has a negative effect on the perceived effectiveness of IT governance. This study contributes to the literature on IT governance by identifying the dimensions of OCB that contribute to increase the perceived effectiveness of ITG through the perception of individuals who work in public organizations. It is important to understand the behavioral effects on ITG perceived effectiveness, since the simple adoption of governance mechanisms does not ensure that they will be effective in meeting governmental demands.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on potential discrepancies between the meaning attributed to sustainability in the company's strategic framework, and the meaning identified in the sustainability meanings attributed to the decision-making process and its strategic implications. This study is based on a case study of the strategic decision-making process of Itaipu, a company that has been recognized as a sustainable company in the water sector. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's managers and employees, as well as through the analysis of documents and archival data. The findings show that the meanings attributed to sustainability in the strategic decision-making process differ from those attributed to the company's strategic framework, and that there is a lack of coherence and consistency in terms of what is considered sustainable. In addition, it was found that there are significant discrepancies between the meanings ascribed to the strategic framework and the meaning attributed to organizational sustainability. This paper contributes to the literature on sustainability by providing an in-depth analysis of the meanings attributed to the strategic decision-making process and its strategic implications in the context of a company that is recognized as a sustainable company.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the implementation of circular economy (CE) practices in a network of individual entrepreneurs and small companies that participates in flows of products and by-products in common. The CE proposes to reduce the environmental impact and at the same time, promote economic growth through business development and new revenue streams. The research was carried out in a network of individual entrepreneurs and small companies that participates in flows of products and by-products in common. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the members of the network, and the data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method. The results show that the implementation of CE practices in the Brazilian network is still at an early stage, and the main barriers to its implementation are related to the lack of structure and training, as well as a lack of public policies and infrastructures that facilitate the materiality flows. This paper contributes to the CE literature by providing an analysis of the application of CE practices in a local network and bringing this current paradigm shift into the Brazilian context. In addition to this theoretical contribution, the study provides practical insights for managers and entrepreneurs with the purpose of implementing the CE business model as well as highlighting the need for public policies that promote cross-sectoral cooperation in accordance with the NSWP's objectives.
The purpose of this paper is to present as main objective the understanding of what are the critical factors that lead an academic research project to achieve significant social and economic impacts. To reach this objective, the work focused on the concept of Entrepreneurial Universities in the bibliographic review. This concept accurately predicts which are the main factors that guarantee an efficient transfer of knowledge between the academic environment and the private sector, generating social and economic impact. With such factors defined, there was also a search for the understanding of how the Brazilian situation is in this sense. The results of the case studies show the importance of the following factors: strategy, resources, infrastructure, reach, reach and development. They influence how the university prioritizes the incentive to entrepreneurship and helps to identify what needs to be done in order to the university achieve the title of "entrepreneurial university." The originality of this paper comes from the fact that it is the first attempt to identify the critical factors that lead an academic research project to achieve significant social and economic impacts. From a precise definition of such factors, it is possible to define the best way to allocate such investment.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception of the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model developed in the systematic review of literature. The methodology used for the quantitative phase of this research was a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the young public in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The criterion for selecting the audience was due to the representative role that young people play in society, in the process of building more sustainable and resilient urban cities and rural areas, since they are immersed in new ICTs and regularly engage in discussions to find solutions that allow communities to adapt and grow, even when facing adversity. The questionnaire was distributed by e-mail, and the data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences. It was possible to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception by the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model developed in the systematic review of literature. It is possible to observe a positive development of society with the implementation of the smart cities project, because it provides conditions for citizens to become more inclusive in the city. This study addresses a still not sufficiently explored field: the field of analytical models on smart cities. It is based mainly on the research carried out by Giffinger et al. (2007), presenting the six-characteristics model, and the model approached by Khatoun and Zeadally (2016), developed in order to expand knowledge on this subject. Therefore, the objective of this study is to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception of the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the pressure from new technologies on the careers of young university students from a career theory perspective. To achieve the goals of this study, the authors considered the perspective of Arthur et al. (1999), who suggest dividing career theories between traditional and non-traditional. According to these authors, while traditional theories focus on the connection between career and personal fulfillment by considering a career as "the series of jobs worked by a person throughout their life" (p. 3), non- traditional theories emphasize "self-organization of one's career," which now needs to adapt to the environment. The authors conducted a survey of 123 students in their last year of an Administration course at a private university in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling. The results show that traditional career theories are not enough to explain the impact of new technologies on the labor market, based on automation and the replacement of people by IT systems. On the other hand, the approach to intelligent career competencies can help young professionals cope with these transformations. Even with this finding, there is sparse concern about the topic of technology, as we can observe from the failure to confirm H1. This study contributes to the literature by showing that traditional career theories are not enough to explain the impact of new technologies on the labor market, based on automation and the replacement of people by IT systems. On the other hand, the approach to intelligent career competencies can help young professionals cope with these transformations.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the importance of logistics service quality (LSQ) as a mediating factor in the relationship between logistics capabilities (LC) and customer satisfaction (CS). The study is based on a sample of 117 respondents from the lubricating oil industry in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) with partial least squares (PLS). The results show that LSQ mediates the relationship between LC and CS with companies in the lubricating oil business. In addition, the results show the importance of LSQ as a mediating factor in the relation between logistics capabilities and CS. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence about the mediating role of LSQ in the relationship between logistics capabilities and CS. The results of the study can be used by producers of lubricating oils in search of higher financial returns.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and distinguish, according to the sector (manufacturing or services), the operations management themes most valued by companies for hiring professionals, and to understand how manufacturing and service organizations differ in this. Starting with the objective of verifying the practical importance attributed to the themes of operations management by its practitioners, and seeking to understand how manufacturing and service organizations differ in this, the authors collected and analyzed 394 job postings by manufacturing and services companies in major Brazilian human resources websites. The authors found that 58.4 percent of companies do not have any preference for business administrators or production engineers when hiring someone to perform operations management activities. However, manufacturing companies still tend to opt for engineers more frequently (40.7 percent) than service companies (13.8 percent). The authors also found that 69 percent of the vacancies do not require advanced knowledge of English, which could be a reflection of the low degree of integration in global supply chains by many companies. This paper is one of the first to identify and distinguish, according to the sector (manufacturing or services), the operations management themes most valued by companies for hiring professionals.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the existing measure instruments for dynamic capabilities (DCs) in order to understand the context in which quantitative studies on DCs are developed as well as to assess the reliability and validity of these scales. To accomplish this objective, a systematic review of literature on dynamic capabilities was conducted. A total of 42 articles were selected from the Web of Science, Scopus and Scopus databases. The authors analyzed the methods of the 42 articles according to the study of Slavec and Drnovesek (2012). Main findings indicate that quantitative researches on DCs have focused on the contexts of innovation, knowledge (other related aspects of knowledge such as absorptive capacity and organizational learning), strategic alliance, relationship with stakeholders (partners, customers, suppliers), organizational capacity and brand. Findings also show that the initiatives to measure DCs are very recent: out of the 42 analyzed instruments, 38 were published in the 2010's. Regarding the reliability and validity of the scales, results indicate that the majority of quantitative studies have not accomplished all recommended steps for scale development. The majority focused more on the amount of the sampling data than on building an accurate and reliable instrument to measure the object of study. This research is relevant for strategic management research field, as it identifies and valuate the reliability of measure instruments that have been used to measure DCs. Besides, researchers can make use of research findings by focusing on perspectives of DCs that still lack reliable quantitative studies.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a minimum set of indicators to be measured by industrial companies to represent their sustainable performance according to the triple bottom line (TBL) approach. The instrument for data collection was threefold: for the economic dimension, the authors used 20 BSCs typical indicators, according to Henri (2009); 9 and 22 indicators from Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (2008) for environmental and social dimensions, respectively. The empirical research had a sample that summed up 149 companies in Brazil. The results show that a set of indicators that covers the main aspects of sustainability performance can be useful for industrial companies' management, according to the TBL approach. Within the economic dimension, on-time delivery, number of customer complaints and survey of customer satisfaction are typical indicators related to the firm's value proposition and emphasise the importance of the client as a major stakeholder for companies in the industrial sector. On the other hand, materials efficiency variance, rate of material scrap loss and labour efficiency variance are economic indicators directly related with the efficiency of the industrial process and may have a high impact on firm's economic performance. In the environmental dimension, the indicators materials, energy and water are the ones that have the highest priority on the measurement of production costs. Other indicators such as emissions, environmental aspects of products and services, environmental compliance, and general environmental issues are also typical in industrial process. Finally, biodiversity has been considered as a relevant issue for companies. This paper proposes a minimum set of indicators to be measured by industrial companies to represent their performance according to the TBL approach. This paper is one of the first to propose indicators that cover the main aspects of sustainability performance in industrial companies.
The purpose of this paper is to verify how the workaround behavior has been approached in information systems (IS) studies, verifying its applicability and presenting guidelines for future research. To reach this objective, a Systematic Review of the Literature was performed by selecting 20 articles that present the term "workaround" in the IS field of knowledge. Out of the 20 articles, 85 percent are empirical, revealing that the concern of most studies was to analyze how workaround behavior can affect organizations' daily activities to take preventive or corrective measures regarding the workaround behavior. Through the analysis of the studies, the main reason of the manifestation of workaround behavior is the users' dissatisfaction with the limitations in the utilization of systems, corroborated by Laumer et al. (2017). Through the literature review, it was identified that workaround behavior has more negative consequences for the organization than for the users, because the workaround behavior can have different results for the employees and for the organizations. The importance of this research in the theoretical and practical scope focuses on gathering relevant information about the workaround behavior, bringing up positive and negative aspects of the manifestation of this behavior. Besides, no Brazilian study has been identified on workaround in the IS area in the databases consulted (Web of Science, Scopus, Science Direct), showing a research gap on this theme in Brazil. This paper is structured as follows.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of innovation in the context of Brazilian small businesses by examining the following research question: which specific characteristics of small businesses in the metal-mechanical industry are facilitating factors or limiting factors to innovation. A multiple case study was conducted in the metal-mechanical industry of Sorocaba (State of Sao Paulo, Brazil). Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the owners/managers of six small businesses in the industry. The results of the study reveal the factors that can boost or block innovation in small enterprises in the metal-mechanical industry in Brazil. The lack of strategic planning of R&D activities and the lack of resources to fund internal research and development activities are the main factors that hinder innovation in Brazilian small businesses in this industry. This study contributes to the understanding of innovation in the context of Brazilian small businesses by analyzing specific aspects of small businesses that go beyond data on R&D expenses and patents or investments in new equipment.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how certain dimensions of university-industry-government collaboration contribute to knowledge creation, management and transfer, focusing on Brazilian particularities. This paper is based on a qualitative approach, using case studies of three National Institute of Technology (INCTs) of the Triple Helix (Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Universidades Federal do Rio de Janeiro and Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil). The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and document analysis. The comparative results presented show the importance of creating the INCTs for Brazilian scientific and technological development by giving rise to institutes with their own structures and coordination that integrate the most renowned researchers of important fields in the country, as well as fostering integration with companies and, thus, transferring technology, innovation and development in our country. These characteristics refer to the structural dimension, identified in the present study, which is consistent with the guidelines on IN CTs from CNPq and MCTI. This paper contributes to the literature on knowledge management, university-industry-government collaboration and interorganizational collaboration in an integrated way, including the role of government, analyzing how effective cooperation can benefit the achievement of individual organizational goals as well as those of the whole society.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of business school accreditation agencies in the organizational field of business schools (BS). The authors sought to answer the following question: How is institutional theory debated in research on accreditation in the field of BS? The authors conducted a systematic literature review on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The authors used the systematic review method to identify relevant articles published in peer-reviewed journals between 2000 and 2015. The results of the systematic literature review indicate that there is a lack of consensus on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The majority of the studies focus on the influence of these agencies on the practices of qualifying managers, while the majority of studies do not take into account the context in which accreditation takes place. The findings also indicate that the institutional theory of institutionalization is used as a theoretical framework to explain the relationship between accreditation and BS. This is the first systematic literature review on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The paper contributes to the body of knowledge on the relationship between accreditation and institutional theory by providing a systematic review of the literature on this topic.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the patterns and trends of publications that rely on the use of structural equation modeling (SEM) in the field of administration in Brazil, as well as to map the institutions where the authors of the identified articles are affiliated, and to discuss aspects of searching the articles in journals' archives and other scientific databases. A bibliometric study was carried out to evaluate quantitatively the production, dissemination and use of SEM in the field of administration in Brazil, using prominent journals known nationwide. The study was conducted in three stages. First, a literature review on SEM was conducted to identify the areas in which it is applied, the tools used, the authors and the institutions the authors are affiliated with. Second, a search was performed in the journals' archives or in the databases EBSCO and PROQUEST to find the articles that relied on the use of the technique. Third, the results of the searches were compared with the results obtained from the databases. It was observed that in recent years, there has been a substantial increase in the number of publications using SEM, which indicates its acceptance and dissemination in the scientific community in the field of administration in Brazil. The predominance of such publications is in the area of marketing although the use of the technique is increasing in other areas. The search resulted in a large number of authors, which can be seen as positive and indicate an interest in the technique, although many of these authors have few publications. When it comes to the institutions, however, there is a certain degree of concentration in the publications. The expectation is that the dissemination of SEM leads to a change in this picture with a higher number of publication per author and a lower concentration of institutions the authors are affiliated with. The contribution of this research is to provide an understanding about the evolution of using SEM in Administration in Brazil, the areas in which it is applied, identify trends, tools (software) used, authors and the institutions they are affiliated with. In addition, this research contributes by evaluating the agreement of results from different databases and the ease of searching in each one.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the structural similarities between stricto sensu post-graduation programs in management through the formation of clusters, analyzing them through the lens of the strategy tripod. The authors use the co-plot method, which was employed in the study by Segev et al. (1999), who evaluated the adaptation of American business schools through changes in the curriculum, seeking to identify differences between them. The authors used the co-plot method, which was employed in the study by Segev et al. (1999), which evaluated the adaptation of American business schools through changes in the curriculum, seeking to identify the differences between them. In this work, by applying a similar technique to identify clusters, they seek to understand the isomorphic or competitive behavior of each program. The results show the formation of cohesive clusters among the programs, identifying a series of similarities between the components of each cluster. The age and number of lines of research of the programs were the determining variables in the identification of isomorphicism among the groups. The consequence of isomorphism is the uniformity of the behavior of managers when it comes to accepting and assimilating institutional norms. In the field of post-graduation, regulation is driver and directly reflects the performance of programs. The contribution of the study lies in reorganizing the strategy tripod and the articulation between the theory-method-field research arrangement. The main limitation of the paper lies in the updating of the relationships among the programs.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the influence of the illusion of control (OCI) on the process of environmental scanning in organizations. The paper aims to analyze the relationship between individual environmental scanning and collective environmental scanning processes in organizations, based on the theory of OCI. Based on the theory of the illusion of control (OC) and the literature review, the authors propose a conceptual framework to analyze the relationship between environmental scanning as a collective process and the individual approach as a barrier to collective processes in organizations. Based on this framework, a survey was carried out in order to test the hypotheses. The results show that the illusion of control (OCI) is a barrier to collective environmental scanning processes in organizations, as it hinders the ability to anticipate threats and opportunities that may affect the business environment. However, it is also found that there are two alternatives for environmental scanning as a collective process. The first alternative is informal and proactive, done by company executives, which are attentive to external information. The second alternative is formalized, and it is done by executives, who are responsible for carrying out environmental scanning in organizations. This paper contributes to the literature on environmental scanning as a collective process in organizations, by showing that the illusion of control is a barrier to collective processes in organizations. It also contributes to a better understanding of the role of executives in the process of environmental scanning.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze if consumers' perceptions of the archetypes of international brands are homogeneous in different countries, if the characterization of brands through words and archetypes is homogeneous and accepted by consumers, and whether the existing brand/archetype designations in the literature are still accurate, given the degree of innovation and growth of these brands and consumers' perception across countries. The authors conducted a quantitative research to examine brand archetype perceptions of three global brands - Facebook, Apple and Amazon - in four countries - Portugal, Brazil, Colombia and Peru. The authors analyzed: if consumers' perceptions of the archetypes of international brands are homogeneous in different countries; if the characterization of brands through words and archetypes is homogeneous and accepted by consumers; and whether the existing brand/archetype designations in the literature are still accurate. The overall analysis of consumers' associations relating to Apple, Facebook and Amazon brands supports the conclusion that there is a proximity between the associations observed in the literature and those of consumers of different countries about these three brands. This proximity is much more relevant in the case of clusters, as shown in Table XII. The consistency of results in the analyzed brands is significantly higher for word associations - that is, are more similar - than in the sentences which Mark and Pearson (2001) used to characterize the different archetypes. The authors found the biggest differences in Facebook and Apple brands, while for Apple the consistence of perceptions is significant. This analysis has a clear managerial and academic contribution, in the research areas of brand identity and brand personality, leading managers and researchers to a deeper understanding of consumer behavior patterns through brand archetypes, to a more effective marketing strategy and to new research tools.
The purpose of this paper is to present a proposal for structuring the use of problem-based learning (PBL) as an active teaching strategy and to assess PBL's implications for student learning in two classes of an elective course in a management degree program. A qualitative study was conducted in two classes of an elective course in a management degree program in a federal university in Northeastern Brazil. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with students who participated in the two classes. The data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. The results of this study confirm PBL's contribution to student learning through the integration of students' cognitive, behavioral and social dimensions, fostering closer integration with the context of professional activity. The development of a framework for the dissemination of the PBL strategy reinforces the uniqueness and contribution of this paper as an innovative teaching strategy, as well as an opportunity to reflect on the implications of using PBL in the education of students in a management program. The development of a framework for the dissemination of the PBL strategy reinforces the uniqueness and contribution of this paper as an innovative teaching strategy, as well as an opportunity to reflect on the implications of using PBL in the education of students in a management program of students. The dissemination of student-centered learning strategies promotes interdisciplinary and interdisciplinary learning and the integration of theory and practice.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a critical reflection on the broad "advanced manufacturing" issue. The topic is intertwined with national efforts to revitalize manufacturing and pursue technological leadership. Thus, advanced manufacturing is part of a framework that translates this perception and originates policies based on each country's specificities. In Brazil, this subject has been widespread by large multinational companies. The debates come with high expectations around several technologies that could transform manufacturing, although hardly ever accompanied by due considerations. Therefore, it seems appropriate to take a step back and make a critical reflections on the topic. This paper is based on a critical analysis of the literature on advanced manufacturing and on the experiences of Germany and the USA. It is a conceptual paper that analyzes the most widespread approach to the "fourth industrial revolution". The results show that the USA and Germany are ahead of Brazil in the development of advanced manufacturing. However, there is still room for improvement, especially in Brazil's case, given the fact that it is a developing country with a low level of manufacturing activity. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a critical reflection on the broad "advanced manufacturing" issue, which is often treated as an inexorable wave for job creation, output, new value processes and so on.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers' participation in social commerce, either purchasing, recommending, comparing or sharing information about products and services in online markets or communities. In this study, the authors sought to analyze - from the perspective of the consumer - the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers on their participation in social commerce, either by purchasing, recommending or continuing to use the website. In this sense, eight different factors were analyzed: reputation, trust, information, quality, perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, transaction safety, social commerce components, product delivery and product delivery. In addition, the association between consumer's profiles and characteristics of the products purchased or searched or searched with a higher or lower use of comments and online ratings, as well as participation in forums and communities was analyzed. The results show that reputation, trust, information quality, perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, perceived transaction safety, social commerce components and product delivery are the main factors that influence consumers' participation in social commerce. In addition, the association between consumer's profiles and characteristics of the products purchased or searched or purchased on the internet, as well as with a higher or lower use of comments and online ratings and online participation in online forums and communities, are identified. This study contributes to the literature by analyzing the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers' participation in social commerce, either purchasing, recommending or continuing to use the website.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the moderating role of project management offices (PMOs) in non-governmental organizations (NGOs), by examining their performance on fundraising processes, in order to answer the following question: how do PMOs affect the performance of projects' fundraising? The authors conducted a longitudinal analysis ex post facto, in order to answer the following question: do PMOs in NGOs affect the performance of projects' fundraising? The authors investigated this hypothetical relationship in a third sector organization, given the lack of public data. The authors used a cross-section analysis that limits the disclosure of potential PMO moderation capacity. The results show that PMOs have a moderating effect on the relationship between project management and fundraising. PMO performance is positively related to the fundraising performance of NGOs' projects, and this relationship is moderated by the number of PMOs. This study contributes to a better understanding of potential PMO effects, particularly as a moderator of the relationship between project management and projects' fundraising. It also contributes to the theory of PMO performance analysis, which is a well-researched area in the literature.
To deal with "The Issue of Gender and Race in Career Progress and Labor Market" means to expand a discussion that involves complexities and responsibility, given the various intersections involved. Much has been done on the subject, although in limited spaces, and almost always for the same audience. The purpose of this paper is to argue about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation. This paper is based on a roundtable that took place on March 22 of the current year. The paper is a collection of ideas and reflections discussed at the roundtable. The paper argues about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation, as described below. To deal with "The Issue of Gender and Race in Career Progress and Labor Market" means to expand a discussion that involves complexities and responsibility, given the various intersections involved. Much has been done on the subject, although in limited spaces, and almost always for the same audience. Due to the few and slow advances, we argue about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how sustainable public procurement was established at the Federal Public Institution. More specifically, it seeks to identify the reasons and main implications of adopting the sustainable shared acquisitions system in this government body. From the methodological standpoint, this study adopted a qualitative approach and an empirical investigation of the Federal Public Institution's experience, based on a documentary research and participant observation. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the Administration Secretariat (SA), the General Secretariat, the Coordination of Strategic National Contracting and the Technical Group for Shared Purchases. The findings show that the Federal Public Institution's system of sustainable shared procurement established a new governance model, applying the concept of sustainability throughout the life cycle. This model is a kind of compass, so that workers and units involved in contracting can act in a systemic and integrated way, in order to optimize human, logistical and budgetary resources, among others. This procurement model requires the effort of several teams and units of the institution, which effectively participated in the Technical Group for Shared Purchases (GTCC), involving all state/regional secretaries and units' management coordinators. This study contributes to the literature on sustainable public procurement by providing an analysis of the reasons and main implications of adopting the sustainable shared acquisitions system at the Federal Public Institution. It also contributes to a better understanding of the implementation of sustainable contracting in the Brazilian public administration.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the evolution of organizational performance and the pattern of strategic business decisions formalized in the strategic planning (SP) of a Brazilian heavy construction company from 2006 to 2014. In order to better understand this phenomenon, this work analyzed the relationship between organizational performance and the pattern of strategic business decisions formalized in the company's strategic planning (SP) from 2006 to 2014, aiming to understand the social mechanisms that contribute to this process. The analysis adopts a sociological base. Data were collected through a case study of a Brazilian heavy construction company. It was found that, despite the systematic decrease in performance - lower than what formal planning established and what the market competitors had been obtaining - the company has a recurrent pattern of maintenance of strategic decisions. Contrary to what might be expected, the negative results did not lead to changes in strategic decisions established in formal plans. Maintaining strategic initiatives, which continued throughout this period, is related to the formalization and routinization of the SP model in the company. However, many of the factors that make a system reproducible also make it reproducible. This work shows the need, as pointed out by Chakravarthy and White (2002) and Ruef (2003), for a deeper analysis of the processes that involve strategic phenomena, such as formulation, formulation, or strategic change. Here, the focus is on strategic inertia and the influence of social determinants on the relationship between performance and strategic actions negotiated in formal planning.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the different approaches of the "corporate reputation" construct, in order to identify the most comprehensive definition that can be operationalized for measurement purposes. From there, the authors examine studies on the relationship between corporate reputation and organizational performance. The theoretical basis of the study was built from the articles published in one of the main journals of corporate reputation, the Corporate Reputation Review, and from other papers quoted in those articles, thus providing a significant set of relevant and current studies on the topic of interest. From there, the authors have examined the relationship between corporate reputation and organizational performance and evaluated the features of national and international corporate reputation ratings, in face of the scientific production related to the subject. The paper identifies the most comprehensive definition that can be operationalized for measurement purposes. In addition, it discusses the features of national and international corporate reputation ratings, in the face of the scientific production related to the subject. The paper provides a comprehensive set of relevant and current studies on the topic of intangible resources of interest, which represent relevant concerns, given the importance of these resources for organizations. In addition to being recognized as drivers of organizational performance, they contribute to the understanding of the difference between the market value and the book value of public companies. In this sense, corporate reputation, one of the main intangible resources, plays a prominent role.
The purpose of this paper is to propose eight perspectives to analyze the phenomenon of work as a multifaceted phenomenon: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial. To do so, a survey method was used. The data were collected through an online questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of 1,000 workers in Brazil. The questionnaire consisted of eight perspectives: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial. From the analysis of the data collectively collected, it was realized that work cannot be seen from a single perspective, but it must be seen in its multifaceted character and sense. It was important to analyze that several perspectives, as well as to give the respondents, through alternative answers on the several items, an extension of the ways to understand the sense of work. The items in the questionnaire allowed looking at the senses of work from the physiological perspective and so think how much important for work is the "biological machine." The legal dimension appeared important to respondents, despite the growing awareness of the loss of labor rights in Brazil. The cultural dimension was relevant to people, with regard to the status of the profession, to perceptions about aging, the gender of labor and other aspects socially defined and reproduced. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes eight perspectives to analyze the phenomenon of work: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how far the organizational commitment and job satisfaction influence the intention to turnover, according to the perception of employees of Technology of Information and Communication Institute (T.E.C. Institute). Based on a literature collection, two constructs were chosen usually mentioned as influencers of this decision or intention to leave the organization, which were "job satisfaction" and "organizational commitment" (Tett and Meyer, 1993; Gaertner, 1999; Mobley, 1992; Griffeth, 2000; Du et al., 2006; Lee and Mowday, 1987; Yucel, 2012; Baotham, 2010). The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from the employees of Technology of Information and Communication (TIC) Institute, located in Northeast of Brazil. The results of the present research suggest that six variables are correlated negatively with turnover intention, but with different intensities. They are "organizational commitment," "affective and normative dimensions," "job satisfaction," "the dimension satisfaction with the salary," "dimension satisfaction with promotions" and "dimension with the nature of the job," whereas among demographic variables, only the age is negatively correlated with the intention to leave. Two dimensions of the organizational commitment were the ones that presented a bigger negative correlation with the turnover intention in the entire study, which is even bigger than the ones of job satisfaction. The affective commitment was the most significant (-0.462) followed by the normative commitment (-0325). The multiple regression realized among the three dimensions of organizational commitment and turnover intention even elaborates these findings. This study contributes to the understanding of the factors which influence the voluntary exit or the intention of doing it, which might be quite valid to the enterprises which can direct their strategies and actions of human resources, aiming to keep the good professionals.
The purpose of this paper is to pinpoint some key variables that help shape the notion of older workers as a source of wisdom capital. More specifically, it argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations. As a viewpoint paper, it reviews a selective bibliography in order to support its arguments. It analyzes how this cohort judges themselves, analyzes their potential, capabilities, and attitudes, and suggests an alternative theoretical approach to focus on them and presents some paths to future research. The paper argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations. In fact, members of this cohort generally gather meaningful knowledge and extremely important experience to organizations achieve better results, as well as helping to hone young talents. Such an expertise may be regarded as a kind of wisdom capital and, as such, it must be appropriately utilized in favor of the future of companies. This paper contributes to the literature by clarifying which features older talents hold that can be useful for organizations. More specifically, it argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations. In fact, members of this cohort generally gather meaningful knowledge and extremely important experience to organizations achieve better results, as well as helping to hone young talents. Such an expertise may be regarded as a kind of wisdom capital and, as such, it must be appropriately utilized in favor of the future of companies.
The purpose of this paper is to present a discussion about a scale of social practices for the manufacturing sector with emphasis on occupational health and safety. In this panorama, the present paper was delimited for the validation of constructs that allow the discussion about social practices in relation to the management of safety and health at work. In order to validate this scale and to measure the reliability of the indicators of the research instrument, the judge Q-sort procedure was adopted and the technique of data analysis, in a qualitative way, was used. In addition, a review of the literature was carried out in the period 2010-2015, from which it is possible to highlight the importance of the triple bottom line of sustainability as a view of organizations for decision making in general. The results of the Q-sort method indicate that the scale is valid and reliable. It is possible to identify the main indicators that reflect the social practices related to the area of safety, health and well-being of the worker in the manufacturing sector in Brazil. The originality of the study and the discussion of the constructs and indicators for a wide evaluation are presented, the main indicators that reflect the social practices related to the area of safety, health and well-being of the worker in the manufacturing sector, besides proposing a variable model with a second order, a review of the literature was carried out in the period 2010-2015, from which it is possible to highlight the importance of sustainability as a bottom line of organizations for decision making in general.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the use and application of a crowd assessment safety risk model, the "DIM-ICE risk model". The aim of the study was to report the impact and use of this intervention on place crowd safety and the application of crowd science. A crowd assessment safety risk model (the design, information, management-ingress, circulation, egress (DIM-ICE) risk model) was developed from the analysis of past disasters and their fundamental causes. In response to these issues, the DIM- ICE risk model was used to compare operational situations during so-called "normal" and "emergency" conditions for each phase and aspect of proceedings to fully scope out crowd dynamics at an event. The DIM-ICE risk model was used to compare operational situations during so-called "normal" and then "emergency" conditions for each phase and aspect of proceedings to fully scope out crowd dynamics at an event. In addition, it was found that the model can be used as a tool for place management practitioners to understand the dynamics of crowd behaviour in crowded places. The model was found to be a useful tool in identifying the root causes of crowd disasters and incidents. The paper addresses a research gap related to the use of analytic tools in characterising place crowd dynamics identified by Helbing et al. (2007), the paper provides further clarity in discerning what effective place management practice is, which is important because improved knowledge of this can lead to the development of places that are successful, liveable and equitable. It can make a defined and measurable impact to place development, not just to specific crowd events but indeed to society as a whole.
Many tourism destinations are putting greater focus on "micromobilities" to solve intractable urban problems caused by increased private car-use. The purpose of this paper is to assess where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase the use of micro-mobility schemes. This paper is based on a review of the literature on micro-mobility at tourism destinations. The authors use a mixed methods approach, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews and a questionnaire survey. There is a growing focus on micro-mobility schemes at tourism destinations to address intractable urban problems caused by increased private car-use. There is also a growing body of literature on the walkability of tourist cities (Ujang and Muslim, 2014; Gorrini and Bertini, 2018). It is therefore pertinent to assess where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase the use of micromobilities. This is the first study to examine the use of micromobilities at tourism destinations. It is also one of the first studies to examine where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase their use of micro-mobilities.
The purpose of this paper is to outline five observations that stress the trend of new governance approaches and emerging organizational models in tourism destination development and management in The Netherlands. This paper is based on a set of observations made in The Netherlands. The observations are based on interviews with key actors in tourism destination development and governance, as well as a literature review. The authors draw on a combination of qualitative and quantitative data sources. The authors draw the conclusion that emerging actor networks fit very well within the current time frame, being dominated by debates amongst others on overtourism and value over volume. Regarding the future of tourism destination development, the authors estimate that establishing productive actor networks will gain importance and will emerge more and more on the political and policy agendas. In practice, an ambition to build actor networks may face endless barriers in terms of urgency, opportunity, capacity, motivation and leadership. This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the trend of new governance approaches and emerging organizational models in tourism destination development and management in The Netherlands. It also sheds light on how actors seek interaction, connectivity and alignment of their actions, and define key roles and responsibilities.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of new cinematographic and television operators on the attractiveness of tourist destinations. The authors identify as a future trend the influence that new players such as distribution and exhibition platforms for cinema and television works such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, HBO Max, Disney +, and Apple will have. As original creators of cinematography works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractivity of destinations. The authors analyze the impact of these new means of production on the attractiveness of destinations, and second, how original content platforms contribute to influencing the choice of tourist destinations. The platforms are new operators for the distribution of film and television content. As original creators of cinematographic works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractiveness of destinations and enabling tourism to take place in the identified territories. The authors identify two significant differences that question the traditional scope of film-induced tourism. First, the distribution by platforms allows a vast number of users to follow the release of films or series. Second, the control of content by the platforms allows, through user data and algorithms, to understand consumption habits. The authors identify as a future trend the influence that new players such as distribution and exhibition platforms for cinematographic and television works such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, HBO Max, Disney +, and Apple will have. As original creators of cinematography works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractiveness of destinations and enabling tourism to take place in the identified territories.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the phenomenon of flygskam, a trend which emerged in the environmental movement in Sweden in 2018, suggesting that flying is a reprehensible act, in the face of the climate change crisis. The movement conducts its activism in a variety of ways, including through social media. The anonymous account owner targets Instagram influencers who are viewed as normalising the excessive use of air travel in search of more IG content for their accounts. The offending influencer is interrogated on their travelling habits, and if they fail to respond, they are named and shamed publicly. This paper is based on a review of the literature on climate change, eco-anxiety and the flight shaming movement in Sweden. The paper argues that the flight shaming movement is a manifestation of eco-anxiety, a term which describes the various difficult emotions and mental states induced by environmental conditions and knowledge about them. It is argued that this anxiety is not unexpected or irrational, while others dismiss it as the result of misinformation. However, it is clear from the movement that some people are at least rethinking their travel behaviour. This is the first study to explore the phenomenon of eco-anxiety and the flight shaming movement in the context of climate change and air travel. It is also one of the first studies to use the term "eco-angst" to describe the phenomenon.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce Slow Food Tourism (SFT) as an ethical microtrend within the slow movement (slow foods, slow cities, slow travel and slow tourism) to address sustainability in the Anthropocene. This paper is a conceptual paper based on a literature review of SFT and the literature on the slow movement, slow food tourism and climate change. The aesthetics and ethics of SFT is one of slow (in all spaces and places, urban and rural), sustainable and secure futures, empowering a healthy citizen democracy for planetary sustainability and reclaiming the local. A slow food ethic supports degrowth and provisioning through small-scale producers and alternative economies, promoting "virtuous globalization" as the slow movement advocates, facilitating gender equality, sustainable livelihoods and well-being - individual and communal. SFT is an ethical microtrend for the Anthropocene. It enables co-production and co-consumption of food as a pleasurable experience, and caring for land and its human and non-human inhabitants through diverse, pluralistic, relational and situated practices. SFT helps to facilitate food security and contributes to human and environmental health. It is a communal endeavor, nurturing sociality, learning, celebrating and sharing cultural traditions.
Now that manifestations of the urban arts are (becoming) Olympic disciplines, a further shift of urban culture from underground to the mainstream is to be expected. This mainstreaming brings opportunities and challenges for the tourism industry. On the one hand, urban culture can aid spreading seasonality by attracting tourists outside the listed events. However, incorporating urban culture into the veins of a city needs careful planning. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate the potential for and added value of urban arts by positioning it as a driver for creative and strategic placemaking. The authors used mobile interviews (during the IBE 2019 event in Heerlen) of two of the leading voices in the field of urban arts events to gain an insider's perspective on the potential of urban culture for the tourism industry, policy making and other affiliated sectors. By linking creative placemaking to a global youth culture, they made sense of societal trends and developments and opened up new avenues for development. Urban culture can aid spreading seasonality by attracting tourists outside the listed events. Artistic expressions such as murals and street art in both Heerlen and Eindhoven attract visitors, photographers, artists, athletes and dancers from all over the world all year round. However, incorporating urban culture into the veins of a city needs careful planning. Because the urban arts events draw international crowds, it is of the utmost importance that locals do not feel disfranchised. Involving locals at an early stage is imperative for invoking feelings of ownership. This study shows that space matters: not the constructed spaces created by architects, but the space created by people. The collectivity of people, that is the space (Sandig, 2014).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of information and communication technology (ICT) in facilitating tourists' connections to the present moment in the context of e-mindfulness, a growing trend in tourism. A qualitative research design was used. Data were collected through in-depth, semi-structured interviews with eight experts in the tourism industry. The data were analysed using thematic analysis. The results show that e-mindfulness is a growing trend in the tourism industry and that it has the potential to change consumers' perspective on their tourism experiences. In particular, it is evident that it can facilitate tourists' connections to the present moment, which in turn can lead to a more positive attitude towards the tourism experience. This is the first study to explore the potential of e-mindfulness as a means of facilitating tourists' connections to the present moment in the context of tourism. The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the emerging trend of digital-free tourism and its potential to change consumers' perspective on their tourism experiences.
The number of urban dwellers has been growing in recent decades. With growing urbanization, increasing number of individuals is exposed to risk factors originating from living in the urban context, such as stress and stigma of mental health. Deteriorating health, the feeling of loneliness, environmental degradation, the falling health systems in many countries and aging population bring opportunities to the anti-stress trend. Tourism nowadays becomes an important element of modern lifestyle as people feel the need to travel. Cities, as places for people to live and work, began to emerge as major tourism destinations from the early twentieth century because of the variety of activities they offer (World Tourism Organization, 2012). The high levels of urbanization offer opportunities for many forms of economic activities, in which tourism plays a key role. As such, the opportunity for wellness tourism is stepping up in an urban context. The purpose of this paper is to proffers the following threads of research opportunities in the arena of wellness tourism. This paper is based on a review of the literature on wellness tourism and the space-out moment. A conceptual framework is proposed to explain the emerging trend of wellness tourism. The space-out moment is a new form of urban wellness tourism. It is an opportunity to escape from the daily routine and escape from stress in an urban context. It offers a unique opportunity to enjoy free time in busy cities. It also offers a new opportunity to explore the relationship between wellness tourism and urban life. In addition, it offers an interesting opportunity to study the demographic characteristics and behaviors of wellness tourists. This paper contributes to the understanding of wellness tourism in an urban context. It extends the philosophical understanding of how the wellness tourism experiences extend to the cognitive, cognitive, affective and conative aspects of people's lives. In addition, research opportunities in the demographic characteristics and behaviors of wellness tourists are abundant.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of "solo tourism" as a lifestyle trend. It aims to move discussion of solo tourism beyond its current limited focus. It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism. However, the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of solo tourism and the development of the concept of "loner living" as a lifestyle trend. It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism. However, the drivers discussed here indicate that the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual. The key premise of the ideas presented here is that "solo tourism" as a concept will continue to fragment. The individual motivations, behaviour and experience of the individual will depend on a range of internal and external factors. This is the first time that the concept of "solo tourism" has been conceptualised in the context of lifestyle developments and the links to solo tourism. It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism, but the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual.
Big data and analytics are playing a crucial role in digital transformation efforts of organisations in general and in the tourism and hospitality industry, thus driving greater effectiveness and efficiency and the strategy to define new business models and bring about successful change. The purpose of this paper is to explore the question of how the use of data, analytics and business insight might change the landscape of tourism and tourism services and provide an argument for the requirement to establish ethical data management systems as a platform for competitive advantage. The use of innovative data management is an effective ethical strategy to increase sales revenue by providing the tourism organisation with valuable business insights for on-going marketing activity and competitive advantage (Abraham et al., 2019; Evans, 2020). Nevertheless, the concerns and issues arising from data privacy and security deserve thoughtful future consideration. This paper is based on a review of the literature on big data and analytics in the tourism and hospitality industry and the need for ethical data governance frameworks. Big data and analytics are playing a crucial role in digital transformation efforts of organisations in general and in the tourism and hospitality industry, thus driving greater effectiveness and efficiency and the strategy to define new business models and bring about successful change. However, all these technological developments have subsequent implications for personal privacy and for subsequent data governance frameworks that tourism organisations need to develop and implement to ensure competitive and ethical business practices. The use of data is viewed as a disruptive innovation that allows organisations in the industry to facilitate personalisation, offer convenience, save costs and overall gain competitive advantage. This paper contributes to the literature on data and analytics in the tourism and hospitality industry by exploring the use of data, analytics and business insight and provides an argument for the requirement to establish ethical data management systems as a platform for competitive advantage. This paper is one of the first to explore the issue of data governance and data ethics in the context of the hospitality and tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to look into the current demographic challenge of the developed world and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of three policy responses, highlighting how the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices. First, the authors look into the severity of the current demographic trends in developed countries, then they highlight the three solutions to the problem, concluding with how service automation will likely be the best solution but leave behind some serious externalities that policymakers will have to contend with. Then, they link the automation solution to pragmatic issues that managers in travel, tourism and hospitality will need to take into account when incorporating automation into their enterprises. The authors find that the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices. The authors conclude that service automation is likely the best solution but will likely leave behind some serious externalities that policymakers will have to contend with. This paper is one of the first to look into the current demographic challenge of the developed world and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of three policy responses, highlighting how the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and present the trends of multisided platforms (MSPs) in the travel industry. MSPs are the new intermediaries in the supply chain of travel services, developed to facilitate intermediaries to have access to global travel content, increase sales and evade the threats of disintermediation. This study explores the trend of M SPs for two crucial intermediaries, travel agencies (TAs) and global distribution systems (GDSs), by focusing on their adoption of MSP, which lowers the risk of their disinter mediation and contributes to their survival in the long run. The paper is based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of travel agencies (TAs) and global distribution systems (GDSs) in the travel industry. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis. Based on the results of this study, the authors suggest the following futuristic approaches for MSPs for TAs and GDSs: switching from a centralized model into a decentralized model, in which bookings, reservations and transactions would not be handled by the MSP in a centralized manner; adopting a hybrid model, where bookings and reservations would be handled in a decentralized manner; and adopting a new distribution capability (NDC) for the travel industry, which would allow them to reacquire their deteriorating market shares and increase their sales. This study explores the trend of MSPs for two crucial intermediaries, TAs and GDSs in the travel industry, by focusing on their adoption of M SPs, which lowers the risk of their disintermediation and contributes to their survival in the long run.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how enhancement in territorial capital impacts economic and environmental sustainability of small-island tourism nations. The study also examines how tourism specialisation impacts sustainability. For this study, two components of territorial capital, namely, information and communication technology (ICT) development and terrestrial/marine protection, were considered. Terrestrial and marine protection was included for its role in travel decision making and facilitation. The model also examines how territorial capital affects demand- and supply-side tourism specialisation and sustainability. Higher development of ICT in these countries was found to be positively correlated with demand-side tourism specialisation and sustainability indicators. Higher tourism demand was correlated with higher economic growth, but it was simultaneously associated with higher emissions. A country more dependent on tourism for its total output performed well on the environmental front but failed to do so on the economic front. This suggests a need for complementary growth of other industries, which can be smartly aided by ICT development. Also, protection of terrestrial and marine resources did not affect the arrival of tourists. It, however, was negatively correlated with dependence on tourism sector for the total output. Higher protection also led to higher GDP per capita as a result of the development of other sectors. This study contributes to the literature by examining the sustainability of smart tourism specialisation of small-island tourism countries. The authors tried to emphasise the relevance of smart specialisation in the context of tourism. Previous studies have mostly looked into the smart specialisations of European regions. The present research also examines how tourism specialisations impacts sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. One particular encounter in Grand Teton National Park serves as its primary inspiration. Here a visitor was asked why he chose to visit a particular area of the park, to which he answered, "To explore the smellscape." An unexpected answer led to further inquiry elsewhere, which yielded the following revelation: not only must natural smellscapes be taken seriously as potential drivers or - in the case of unpleasant smells - inhibitors of tourism, but their influence is on the rise. This paper is a look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. One particular encounter in Grand Teton National Park serves as its primary inspiration. The paper finds that natural smellscapes are on the rise as a means of experiencing parks and protected areas, yet they have received little attention from park and protected area tourism practitioners, despite their importance to the ecological integrity and visitor experience of national parks. This paper argues that the time has come to change the tide. This paper is a look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. It is less of a systematic review of research to prove smell's value to the park visitor, but more bluntly an eye-witness account of an emerging trend and call for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role that business intelligence (BI) plays in enhancing competitiveness in the tourism industry through the use of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes (1997). This paper is based on a literature review of the literature on BI in the tourism industry. The literature review was conducted using the following search terms: BI, BI system, BI in tourism and Porter's five forces model, Porter's BI model, BI for tourism and BI for business. The findings of this paper show that BI helps tourism firms to assess their business environment within the framework of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes (1997) in order to be competitive in the industry. BI information can be sourced from among others, business publications, news media, academic studies, trade shows, suppliers, customers, employees from other businesses and general business "rumors" provided by people. This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of the literature on the use of BI in the tourism industry. It is also the first to provide an in-depth analysis of how BI helps tourism firms to assess their business environment within the framework of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of tourism on host communities in the Caribbean. The authors argue that tourism has a positive impact on the health and wellbeing of host communities and vice-versa. The purpose of the paper is twofold. First, to assure ourselves that existing and planned development is good for communities before considering for a moment that planned development enhances visitors' experiences. Second, that any development agenda has a legacy of useful new knowledge that can be embedded within the resources and repository of community as a resource for the creation, storage and retrieval of social, political and cultural capital. The paper is based on a review of the literature on tourism and community development. It is a conceptual paper that draws on the literature in the areas of health and wellbeing, community development and tourism. The paper draws on a number of case studies of communities in the Caribbean and the USA. The findings of this paper suggest that the health and wellbeing of the host community is a key driver of the economic, social and cultural capital of the destination and the community as a whole. The findings also suggest that tourism has a positive impact on the social capital of host communities. This is the first study to examine the impact of tourism on the health and wellbeing of host communities in the context of community development studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of the Importance-Performance Analysis (IPA) technique to inform visitor management at marine wildlife tourism (MWT) destinations. A survey was conducted to collect data on visitor perceptions of the importance-performance analysis (IPA) attributes of marine wildlife tourism (MWT) experiences in Western Australia. The data were analysed using SPSS and AMOS statistical software. The results indicate that the IPA technique can be used to identify the attributes that are most important to visitors regarding their experience of marine wildlife tourism, and to assess the performance of those attributes with respect to how well those attributes are meeting visitor expectations regarding their wildlife tourism experience. This is the first study to use the IPA technique to measure visitor satisfaction with MWT experiences at marine-based ecotourism destinations in Western Australia. The findings of this study will be of value to practitioners and researchers in the tourism industry, as well as those involved in the management of MWT.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of pandemics on the tourism industry in a world of increased travel. This paper is based on an extensive review of the literature on pandemics and global health emergencies. It also draws on the experiences of the 2019-nCoV outbreak in Wuhan, China. In today's globalized world, risks and challenges have increased with ease of travel and faster movement of goods, finance, knowledge and diseases. People are on the move, including workers, economic migrants, climate refugees and tourists. International tourism continues to grow. In 2019, international tourist arrivals rose to 1.5 billion, representing the tenth year of consecutive growth (UNWTO 2020). By 2030, 1.8 billion people are forecasted to be traveling internationally (UN News, 2017). Even more than before, governments and tourism industry stakeholders need to consider the costs and impacts of global environmental dangers on travel and tourism. This paper provides an overview of the 2019-nCoV pandemic and its impact on the tourism industry and provides a framework for future research and practice.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how the Arctic is experienced while crossing the "magical" Arctic Circle through the lens of the Instagram social network in Rovaniemi, Finland. The study involves netnography methodologies in order to explore tourists' representations of the Arctic in Rovaniemi, at the specific moment of crossing the Arctic Circle. In order to report these experiences, the study presents how the Arctic has been portrayed on Instagram posts. The study finds that tourists' experiences of crossing the Arctic Circle in Rovaniemi are mainly based on their experiences of the Arctic as a destination. The Arctic is portrayed as a "magical" region that is seen as an inescapable ritual when visiting the city for the first time. The study also finds that the Arctic is represented as a place where tourists stop, take photos and sometimes shop. In addition, the study shows that tourists use AR and virtual reality (VR) to enhance their experiences in the Arctic. This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the relations between the Arctic as a unique region, social media and tourists' experiences in Rovaniemi. In addition, the study is also an attempt to draw assumptions about the role of AR and VR in the future evolution of social media such as Instagram and the implications for Arctic tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore collaborative practices in a workshop setting, which took place as part of a research project on sustainable small-scale business development and demography in South Greenland. The aim is to theoretically and conceptually discuss how emerging collaborative practices come in different shapes. The paper also unfolds how these diverse and yet interconnected practices simultaneously inspire and challenge new possible futures of tourism planning and development in the Greenlandic context. The paper is based on a case study of a workshop on sustainable small-scale business development and demography in South Greenland, which took place as part of a research project on tourism development in the Arctic region. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews, participant observation and document analysis. The paper introduces the term "collaborative configuration" to further nuance the emerging collaborative practices occurring in the workshop. These collaborative configurations are considered specifications of how collaboration unfolds in different ways. Despite being uncontrolled and unintended by the organizers, the emerging practices interconnect and form collaborative configurations that can be specified as positioning, coordination, networking and cooperation. They exemplify how collaboration often results from different intentions and carries different meanings for different actors. The paper also unfolds how these diverse and yet interconnected practices simultaneously inspire and challenge new possible futures of tourism planning and development in the Greenlandic context. This case study has revealed collaboration for tourism development as a highly intertwined ecology of practices and activities grounded in individual motivations and reasons for acting. Challenges and resources influence and shape the motives and activities of actors to participate in a workshop, just as much as the evolving practices amongst workshop participants did. The study exemplarily provides knowledge for creating an understanding of how practices form diverse, ambiguous and yet interrelated collaborative configurations, which influence how tourism is being and could be developed.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of sustainability in the context of tourism in Yllas, a peripheral, sparsely populated area in Finland which contains several fragile ecosystems. The aim of this research is to understand the views and desires of the tourism actors regarding the development of sustainable tourism in this area. The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with representatives of the tourism industry, the regional government and the local municipalities in Yllas. The interview data were analyzed using a thematic analysis. The results show that the tourism actors in the destination Yllas have divergent views and desires concerning sustainability in the context of tourism development. The main focus of the tourism industry is on the economic development of the destination and the development of tourism as a means to support the regional economic development and local well-being. At the same time, however, there is a lack of consensus on the meaning of sustainability, which is the result of diverse perceptions of tourism within a continuum of two world views. This study contributes to the understanding of sustainability in the context of tourism development in Yllas, which is a peripheral, sparsely populated area in Finland which contains several fragile ecosystems. The results of this study can be used as a starting point for further research in the area.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate to what extent cultural centres can be used to foster natural interaction between locals and tourists, by examining how they are used and perceived by different stakeholders. The paper is based on a case study of Katuaq, a cultural centre in Nuuk, Greenland, which is the largest and longest established cultural centre of the whole of Greenland. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the centre's management staff, as well as a focus group discussion with tourists and local residents. The findings suggest that cultural centres can be used to foster host-guest interaction, but that this is not always the case. Different stakeholders use the same cultural centre for different purposes, and different purposes have a way of using it in different ways. This paper contributes to the understanding of cultural centres as spaces that can successfully host both local communities and tourists, and thereby contribute to the generation of natural and beneficial host-guest interaction. Practical steps are suggested that can be implemented across cultural centres in general, in order to work towards making them spaces that are successfully host to both locals and tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, on a conceptual level, one specific example of a product turned into a tourism attraction, located in the Arctic, namely the Sourtoe Cocktail in Dawson City, Yukon Territory. This example is deemed to be worthy of study because it is not a typical example of "Arctic tourism," and because its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative trends in tourism in the North. The deconstruction of this case complements recent developments around the concept of " Arctification." This paper is based on a case study of the Sourtoe Cocktail in Dawson City, Yukon Territory, Canada, which is located at the periphery of the Yukon, and on a larger scale, of Canada. Data were collected through interviews, observations, and archival research. The analysis reveals that the Sourtoe Cocktail is not a typical example of "Arctic tourism," and that its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative trends in tourism in the Arctic. The deconstruction of this case complements recent developments around the concept of " Arctification." This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the concept of "Arctification" in the context of tourism in the Arctic. The paper also provides an original analysis of the Sourtoe Cocktail, which is not a typical example of Arctic tourism, and its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative tourism trends in the North.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the ramification of the Second World War on the Canadian North, and indirectly, on the American North. The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. They also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated (or not) into Canadian commemorative processes. The authors use a case study approach to examine the ramification of the Second World War on the Canadian North and the American North. The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. They also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated into Canadian commemorative processes. The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. The authors also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated (or not) into Canadian commemorative processes. This paper adds to the discussion on warfare tourism by providing various perspectives of specific events that occurred in the Second World War. The authors also suggest that the management and interpretation strategies offered at these sites provides opportunities for a better understanding of these events.
This viewpoint paper aims to analyse and discuss the external and internal factors that support or challenge a possible future transformation of Arctic Sweden into a major ski destination under a changing climate. In doing so, the paper questions future availability of the physical and the human factors that may foster ski tourism development in Arctic Sweden. The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the existing and potential ski destinations in Arctic Finland and Sweden. The paper suggests a comparative case study in relation to the already existing large resort-based ski destinations in Arctic Finland. In the light of these parameters, future research should, first, assess natural and technical snow reliability of existing and all potential ski areas in Sweden and within its competitive set extending to all the Nordics and the Alps, then, incorporate adaptive capacities of the suppliers but especially the likely substitution tendencies of the consumers, and finally, evaluate the overall situation in terms of the regional development needs. This is the first attempt to analyse and discuss the external and internal factors that support or challenge a possible future transformation of Arctic Sweden into a major ski destination under a changing climate. In doing so, the paper questions future availability of the physical and the human factors that may foster ski tourism development in Arctic Sweden.
The purpose of this paper is to present a vision for the future of polar expedition cruise tourism based on current trends in expedition cruise travel patterns and in the types of passengers visiting the region. In particular, this paper aims to focus on the potential of citizen science as a means to enhance the visitor experience in the Arctic. This paper is based on a literature review of current trends in polar expedition cruise tourism and citizen science, as well as an analysis of the role of citizen science in the tourism industry. Citizen science can be used to enhance the visitor experience of polar expedition cruise tourism by providing tourists with a deeper understanding of the environment they are visiting and a fuller sense of place. It can also serve as a means of contributing to the "public good" through scientific data collection. This is the first time that a vision for the future of polar expedition cruise tourism has been proposed and discussed in the literature. It is hoped that this paper will stimulate further discussion on how citizen science can be used to enhance the tourism experience in the Arctic.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a potential strategy in which the UK could integrate cannabis across the country, to encourage tourists to travel to less visited towns and cities. It presents an idea in which UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. This paper explores the future potential of a UK cannabis tourism market in the form of a scenario. This paper presents a scenario in which the UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. The proposed idea presents a scheme inwhich the UK could encourage regional tourism (inclusive to domestic and international travellers) through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme. This paper offers original ideas exploring a potential future cannabis industry in the UK. The paper explores a potential strategy in which the UK could integrate cannabis across the country, to encourage tourists to travel to less visited towns and cities. It presents an idea in which UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. The proposed idea presents a scheme in which The UK could encourage regional tourism through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme. This paper offers original ideas exploring a potential future cannabis industry in the UK. It presents a scheme in which the UK could encourage regional tourism (inclusive to domestic and international travellers) through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how advances in information and communication technology (ICT) are likely to change the way tourists contact and interact with suppliers in the tourism industry. This paper combines elements of both futures and design thinking approaches to develop a conceptual framework focused on the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and by using stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. The framework is based on a review of the literature on ICT and tourism. The paper presents a conceptual framework that identifies the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and uses stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. The findings suggest that advances in ICT are likely to change the way tourists contact and interact with suppliers. This paper contributes to the literature by combining elements of both futures and design thinking approaches to develop a conceptual framework focused on the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and by using stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. Additionally, scholars have tended to focus on implications for tourism supply with only limited attention paid to tourist decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the requirements for future digital visitor flow management in the Lake Constance region of Switzerland. The research area is the Lake constance region. Its unique location with the three neighboring countries of Germany, Austria and Switzerland all bordering one lake has made the region extremely popular with both international and domestic visitors. In addition to leisure tourism, exchange rate differences (and the ability to recover sales tax differences) have caused year-round shopping tourism to develop in the region. Due to the favorable exchange rate, many Swiss will cross the border to do their weekly shopping in the border cities of Konstanz, Singen or Radolfzell. This has an effect on traffic infrastructure, which leads to congestion, especially in the high season in Summer when the different streams of visitors coincide. A mixed methods approach of qualitative and quantitative survey methods was used to answer the two research questions. In-depth qualitative indications and quantitative results were generated, which show, on the one hand, a desire for price-related information, but also the potential to create the potential for a mobile application for visitor guidance. Three different tourist groups have emerged among visitors from Switzerland. All groups are price-driven to some extent in their behavior, but at least one group combines shopping with recreational activities. Shopping tourists combine their stay with leisure activities for an overall tourist experience. From a mobile application to be used for visitor management, users expect time savings through enhanced personal mobility in terms of real-time data on parking possibilities, traffic situation or high number of visitors/queues. This is the first study to analyze the needs and behavior of tourists in detail and to identify appropriate needs-based and behaviorally based segments. The results can be used as a basis for measures to reduce the strain on the region's infrastructure and is of great regional relevance.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability of the tourism system in Iran. This study uses cross-impact analysis (CIA) as one of the most applied quantitative methods at a national scale. A well-known variant of CIA method proposed by Duperrin and Godet (1973) and Godets (2000) is MICMAC, which has been successfully applied in many fields. This study aimed to analyze Iran's tourism system by considering the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability. The results of the study show that the most important variables for systematic analysis of tourism impacts are economic, sociocultural and environmental impacts. In addition, it was found that there is a positive and negative impact of tourism on the environment, culture and economy of host communities. In this study, a novel methodology has been presented with a long-term planning in the form of future study in developing countries (case study: Iran). This study aimed to analyze Iran tourism system by considering the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability of the system.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the experience economy and its current state and future trends. The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the experience economy and the authors' experience of working in the sector. The authors have also conducted a number of in-depth interviews with key players in the industry. The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation. The desire for new and enriching experiences is growing exponentially and those providers that deliver experiential value beyond basic function will be particularly successful. Experience-hungry tourists will actively seek experiences that offer new skill acquisition, have a sense of purpose and are associated with aspirational value. Sampling new, unique and aspirational experiences provides consumers with the opportunity to develop new skills, acquire new knowledge and thus boosts their share of social and cultural capital. The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation. This paper provides an insight into the current state of the experience economy and how it is evolving.
The rapid development of technology has revolutionised the tourism experience. While significant academic discussion has revolved around the role of technology and current innovations in the sector, less has been considered from a futures perspective. Particularly relevant to this Special Issue is a need for academic discussions to consider future directions for technological mediation in tourism. The purpose of this paper is to provide an initial discussion of existing technological mediation perspectives which acts as a theoretical framework to begin the debate. Thereafter, three future directions are identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation within experiential tourism. An initial discussion of existing technological mediation perspectives acts as a theoretical framework to begin the debate. Thereafter, three future directions are identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation in experiential tourism. Three future directions for technological mediation in experiential tourism have been identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation. These directions are mass acceptance and customisation, experientian convergence and experientially blurring of the physical and virtual tourism experience. This paper contributes to the growing body of literature on the role of technology in experiential tourism by identifying three future directions for technological mediation in the future of tourism experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z by examining their travel patterns, attitudes and travel motives. The possible factors shaping these experiences are identified. A qualitative research design was used to explore the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z travellers. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with 13 participants aged between 15 and 24 years. The study provides a theoretical model of Generation Z travel experiences in which emphasis is shifted from the destination to the traveller. The study goes back to more of the roots of generational theory in sociology and psychology. In this regard, three factors are considered as shaping Generation Z experiences as shown in the theoretical model: immediate influences (forces) including family, friends, events in the home country, and events offered in the country. This paper provides a theoretical model for understanding the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z by examining their travel patterns, attitudes and travel motives. It is a contribution to the body of knowledge from which future studies can borrow. In addition it provides a more holistic approach and deeper insights into Generation Z travel experiences in which emphasis is shifted from the destination to the traveller.
The purpose of this paper is to gain deeper insight into motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participate in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. The Qinghai-Tibet Highway was chosen, as this is a popular mountain biking route. The following research questions were investigated: Why do Chinese millennials choose to go on mountain biking trips? What are the major factors influencing Chinese millennials' choice of the Qingai-TIBet Highway as their mountain bike destination? What memorable experiences do Chinese millennial mountain bikers have during their mountainbike trip over this route? Why do they regard these experiences as memorable? A qualitative case study approach was used to gain deeper insight into the motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participated in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. The Qinghai-Tibet Highway was chosen, as this is a popular mountain biking route. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with ten Chinese millennial mountain bikers who had participated in mountain biking trips over the Qinghai and Tibet highways. The findings reveal that Chinese millennials' motivations for participating in adventure tourism are primarily experiential and transformative in nature. They seek unique, fun and meaningful experiences, and are increasingly willing to try out new and adventurous activities. They are also willing to travel for longer, stay away for longer and visit new destinations. They regard their mountain bike experiences along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway as memorable. However, they do not consider their experiences to be transformative. This study is one of the first to explore the motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participate in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. It contributes to the existing literature by providing new insights into Chinese millennials' experiences of experiential and transformative travel.
This paper aims to explore a framework by way of a student fieldtrip as a medium of expression for situated learning, involving a case study of tourism students learning critical tourism through sensual and haptic dimensions of reflection. It documents a module entitled "Critical perspectives on critical tourism" at Karlshochschule on International University in Germany in which a particular component was conducted as a fieldtrip in Corfu, Greece. This paper explores a framework by way of a student fieldtrip as a medium of expression for situated learning, involving a case study of tourism students learning critical tourism through sensual and haptic dimensions of reflection. It documents a module entitled "Critical perspectives on tourism" at Karlshochschule International University in Germany in which a particular component was conducted as a fieldtrip in Corfu, Greece. Included as part of this fieldtrip was participation at the "5th Corfu Symposium on Marketing and Managing Places" as delegates, organized by the Institute of Place Management at Metropolitan University of Manchester. The students experienced by participating in an international tourism conference, stayed on a yacht, went on various tours, met with tourism industry representatives and reflected on their experiences in a collaborative photo story book. This paper positions experience as an immersive process that was documented through student reflections of place involving the intricacies of embodied learning through experiential mobility. It goes beyond the mere post-destination dissemination of experience made easily accessible by tools such as Instagram. As much as the "social" in social media is important in terms of connectivity, self-worth and reputation, what is seminal here is the engagement of self through experience and the reflection of experiences as part of the "experience." Hence, the transformative experiences of reflection in situ as opposed to a linear post-trip representation of experience may be insightful for tourism practitioners dealing with a tourism of the future. This study is framed through situational positionalities and placed movements of the tourist, the non-tourist and more specifically, students of Generation Z engaged in holistic, educational experiences. It goes beyond the mere post-destination dissemination of experience made easily accessible by tools such as Instagram. As much as the "social" in social media is important in terms of connectivity, self-worth and reputation, what is seminal here is the engagement of self through experience and the reflection of experiences as part of the "experience." Hence, the transformative experiences of reflection in situ as opposed to a linear post-trip representation of experience may be insightful for tourism practitioners dealing with a tourism of the future.
The purpose of this paper is to present and discuss a futuristic scenario about the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development". This study builds on two reflections. The first is the key role of food in the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development" (United Nations, 2015). The second reflection relates to two trends identified by Yeoman and McMahon-Beatte (2016). They concern the future of food tourism: food tourism as political capital and a visionary state. On the basis of these reflections, this study poses the question: How will the food tourism experiences of the future contribute to the alleviation and subsequent eradication of hunger and malnutrition? It develops a futuristic scenario about the role of tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the UN. The main source of inspiration for the development of the futuristic scenario is a factual company located in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, Norway. Its adoption of elements of entrepreneurship is analysed. The paper presents and discusses a futuristic scenario about the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development". It elaborates on the transformative potential of tourism experiences and their transformative potential for overcoming the challenges of imagining and, even more, for implementing the changes needed for a better future. This study contributes to the understanding of the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development". The study elaborates on the transformative potential of tourism experiences, specifically one type of educational tourism experience: the Grand Tour. It presents and discusses a futuristic scenario about food, tourism and sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of Airbnb as an experiential lodging platform in facilitating memorable tourism lodging experiences, and to determine whether Airbnb guests or host communities are more likely to experience transformative experiences. The authors conducted a series of in-depth, semi-structured interviews with Airbnb hosts and guests in the USA and the UK to explore Airbnb's ability to create memorable lodging experiences. The findings suggest that Airbnb guests are more likely to experience transformative experiences via Airbnb than host communities. However, host communities are also more likely than Airbnb guests to experience transformational experiences. In addition, Airbnb guests' perceptions of the host communities' ability to transform their experiences are significantly higher than those of Airbnb guests. This study is one of the first to examine Airbnb experiences through the lens of the "Progression of Economic Value" model, which has been used extensively in the hospitality literature. The findings of this study suggest that Airbnb is well-suited to facilitate memorable lodging experiences, and that Airbnb host communities are more likely to be transformed than guests.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the conceptual structure of the urban leisure format (ULF) by identifying its main features and also to propose the future developments of the concept. The paper applies the framework of the structured experience (SE), the model of staging recreational encounters (Ellis and Rossman, 2008) and the experienscape concept as a theoretical framework for analysing the ULF's structure, and the television format scheme to discuss its formatting potential. The ULF concept has a practical origin as it derived from critical observation and anticipation of the evolution of leisure initiatives developing nowadays in European urban areas as well as from the need to find a scientific framework to explain this phenomenon. Therefore, its potential is possible after the verification of its reference to the models and theories described as its theoretical and conceptual framework. The paper is addressed to the academics interested in the experience economy concepts within urban leisure context. Moreover, local associations and activists can use the ULF framework to discuss their ideas for attracting urban time-space in their city. Therefore, its potential is possible after the verification of its utility.
The future of experiential travel relies on the continuous creation of innovative and unique experiences for tourists. When participating in the meaning-making process, people are still drawn to the heritage of destinations and this contributes to their understanding of both the present and future. The stock of disused or redundant historic buildings around the world provides an opportunity to create spaces that can offer unique and differentiated tourism and hospitality experiences for the experientive traveller. The purpose of this paper is to explore what constitutes a "servicescape+" and how the re-use of historic buildings for contemporary tourism or hospitality usage can be used to create contemporary experiencescapes. A case study approach is used to demonstrate how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish while also allowing for a sustainable approach to portfolio development. Both the Pitcher & Piano and the Malmaison offer spaces that are differentiated from the mainstream hospitality product by virtue of their former uses, and unique architectural characteristics. Before being converted into hospitality spaces both buildings were disused, were falling into disrepair and were on the Historic England at risk register. What these two buildings demonstrate is how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish. This paper contributes to the understanding of how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish while also allowing for a sustainable approach to portfolio development.
The purpose of this paper is to examine youth tourism (YT) motives, satisfaction and behavioural intentions (BI) of youth tourists in Ghana. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to the youth in Accra, the capital city of Ghana. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study revealed that the most important motives for youth tourism in Ghana are education and familiarity with the country's heritage, followed by the desire to experience other cultures, build life experiences and benefit from formal and informal learning opportunities outside one's usual environment. Satisfaction was found to be the strongest predictor of behavioural intentions of youth tourists. This study is the first of its kind in the African context to examine the determinants of DYT motives, satisfaction and behavioural intentions of youth tourists in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, academics and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to conceptualize and examine a hospitality branding model for emerging economies like India. Hospitality brands can permeate distinctive meanings to the customers. These meanings and self-experiences of customers with a hospitality brand may enkindle the emotional relationship between the brand and customer. This research is focused on examining the role of emotional and experiential brand traits and their relationship with the customers' behavioral outcomes. This study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 hotel customers in India. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study indicate that the brand attributes of experiential brand traits and emotional brand traits have a significant impact on the behavioral outcomes of customers in the hospitality industry in emerging economies like India. Moreover, the findings of this study suggest that the emotional brand trait has a significant effect on behavioral outcomes such as word-of-mouth (WOM) and word of mouth (WEB) behavior. This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of emotional and experiential hospitality brand traits and their relationship with the customers' behavioral outcomes in the context of emerging economies.
The purpose of this paper is to propose lessons learned on how innovation can help facilitate sustainable tourism in a region. Sustainable tourism is a promising concept that has been around for quite some years now and still receives much attention. However, the application of the concept in practice remains a challenge. Therefore, the authors contribute to the academic debate by specifically drawing attention to concrete practical examples of innovation in sustainable tourism. This viewpoint paper is the result of a so-called "Inspiration journey" organized by STIRR. During this journey, an interdisciplinary group of experts from the Netherlands, consisting of tourism entrepreneurs, nature protectors, government representatives and scientists, visited the Austrian Alps where many local initiatives and innovative ideas were presented. By presenting these lessons from practice the authors hope to inspire planners and policy-makers elsewhere in the world to improve the attempts for innovation in sustainable tourism in the future. The authors found that for a future proof region, a strategic vision and leadership are needed, close collaboration between stakeholders is crucial and the tourism financing system needs to be fair. Also, seasonal extension can reduce vulnerability of a destination and that using resources sustainably and in a circular way can help benefit sustainable tourism. Finally, the authors observed that when keep up with future changes the job is never done: once a front runner is no guarantee to remain a front runners. Therefore, from a futures perspective this means that continuous innovation is needed. The paper contributes to the academic debate on sustainable tourism, by showing practical lessons on how to practically apply this widely discussed concept. By presenting these lessons from practice the authors hope to inspire planners and policy-makers elsewhere in the world to improve the attempts for innovation in sustainable tourism in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of social media (SM) usage in the context of outbound leisure travel in India. The proposed framework is based on the technology acceptance model (TAM) which has been extended and/or integrated with other established models to include vital social and individual parameters of perceived social capital (SC), perceived trust (PT), perceived enjoyment (PE) and perceived behavioural control (PU). Based on the literature review, a conceptual framework has been developed based on the technology acceptance model (TAM) for SM usage for outbound leisure travel. The proposed framework is empirically tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) approach. The findings of the study suggest that SM usage for outbound leisure travel is positively influenced by perceived social capital (SC), perceived trust (PT), perceived enjoyment (PE) and perceived ease of use (PEU) in conjunction with trust and PEU for leisure travellers. The findings also suggest that PEU and trust have a significant impact on PEU, whereas PEU has a significant effect on PE. This study is the first of its kind in the context of SM usage for outbound leisure travel in India. It is also one of the few studies that have used TAM to study the use of SM for leisure travel. The findings of this study will be useful for researchers and policy makers to understand the usage patterns of SM in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to use the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's (Gen Y) satisfaction towards hotel industry in Malaysia. This study used the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's satisfaction towards hoteling industry in Malaysia. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire which was distributed to Generation Y (Gen Y) in the hotel industry in Peninsular Malaysia. A total of 545 usable responses were collected and analyzed using SPSS 20.0. The results of the study revealed that the perceived service quality of the hotel industry in Malaysia was found to be positively related to customer satisfaction. It was also found that there is a significant relationship between the perceived quality of service and customer satisfaction in the context of the Malaysian hotel industry. This study is the first of its kind to use the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's satisfaction towards hoteling industry in Malaysia. It is also the first study to use this model in the hotel industry.
The purpose of this paper is to review the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting models and their latest developments. In this paper, the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting are reviewed. Several examples where a method has outperformed the others are provided and it is tried to show that no single method can universally be preferred over the others. For this purpose, the most commonly used methods in the literature are reviewed and their latest developments are chosen. These methods range from less computationally expensive ones such as regression models to more sophisticated approaches such as artificial neural networks (ANN) and support vector machines (SVM). There are many methods and models developed to forecast the demand for the tourism and passenger transportation industry. The most commonly used methods in the literature are chosen and their latest developments are reviewed. These methods range from less computationally expensive ones such as regression models to more sophisticated approaches such as artificial neural networks (ANNs) and support vector machines (SVM). Several examples where a method has outperformed the others are provided to show that no single method can universally be preferred over the others. This paper is the first of its kind to review the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting. The findings of this paper can be useful for researchers and practitioners such as government agencies and private businesses to choose a method in various situations.
The purpose of this paper is to examine Las Vegas' past, present and future to provide an understanding of the unpredictable growth of Las Vegas, one in which external forces have played a monumental role in the development of the city. Las Vegas's transformation from local watering hole to world renowned fame can be attributed to a series of turning points in its history, with influencers ranging from geology, government, organized crime, entertainers, the economy, business visionaries and large corporations. Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning to make predictions on potential future states. Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning, signposts from the past (Robertson and Yeoman, 2014), to make predictions on potential future states. Las Vegas' transformation from local watering hole to world renowned fame can be attributed to a series of turning points in its history, with influencers ranging from geology, government, organized crime, entertainers, the economy, business visionaries and large corporations. Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning, signposts from the past, to make predictions on potential future states. This is the first time that Las Vegas' past turning points have been used as the underlying reasoning to make predictions on potential future states. This is also the first paper to use these turning points to help inform the future.
The purpose of this paper is to deconstruct the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacker" research through a critical lens, deconstructing backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new conceptual foundation for the future. This is a conceptual paper that explores the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacking" research through a critical lens, deconstructing backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new conceptual foundation for the future. This paper finds that backpacking's future can be found in its drifter past, but not the one idealised by Cohen or in codified criteria. Drifter tourism is backpackers past, and its future as the countercultural imagination and the motivation to escape continues to drive contemporary backpacking. It is they who will inevitably modify and change backpacking over time as people, structures and contexts change. This paper offers a new conceptual foundation for the future of backpacking by deconstructing the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacker" research through a critical lens, deconstructs backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new theoretical foundation for its future.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse how history shapes the future of airline distribution. The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues of the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018 that cover the topic of airline Distribution. The authors perform a critical turning point analysis of airline distribution, drawing on the methodology proposed by Yeoman and McMahon-Beattie (2017). The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues of the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018 that cover the topic of distribution. The authors enrich the chronological account with articles from other journals. In doing so, they recognise that a full coverage of the field of distribution is almost impossible by reviewing only one single journal source. The authors identify three critical turning points in the history of airline distribution. First, the emergence of the Sabre GDS in the early 1990s. Second, the introduction of Direct Connects by American Airlines in 2011. Third, IATA NDC in 2018. The authors argue that NDC is the most important change in the airline distribution landscape in the last decade. This is the first time that a critical turning point analysis of airline distribution has been performed in the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018. The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues that cover the topic of distribution.
The purpose of this paper is to present a structured review of the past development of the global tourism sector, followed by the analysis of those current trends that are most likely to influence development in the long run. Conclusions offer some stimula to reflect about tourism possible future role as a role model for sustainable and inclusive growth. The reminder of this paper presents a structured review of the past development of the global tourism sector, followed by the analysis of those current trends that are most likely to influence development in the long run. Conclusions offer some stimula to reflect about tourism possible future role as a model for sustainable and inclusive growth. Economic prosperity and improved connectivity are likely to remain the underlying drivers of tourism growth over the next decade. Shocks and crisis will still temporarily affect tourism development, but the long-term trend will remain steadily upwards, as increasing affluence in well-populated world areas will feed a far from exhausted demand for travel, and technology will keep driving innovation. If global volumes increase, their distribution across world regions is going to change. Led by emerging economies, domestic and intra-regional travel is expected to be the most relevant form of travel for the future decade and the following period. This will bring the diversification process further, with the proliferation and development of new destinations leading to increased competitiveness coupled with challenges to sustainable development, whose principles might be more difficult to observe in developing economies. A structured review of the factors that mostly influenced the development of modern tourism since its inception may be useful guide to understand which alternatives patterns of tourism development are more likely to concretise, and which impacts they might have on economies, societies and the environment. This section presents some reasoning on current trends that are most likely to continue impacting on tourism development and over the next decade.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the past, present and future of Haiti as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination. This paper is based on a literature review and a qualitative study of the tourism industry in Haiti. The research was carried out in three stages. First, the authors conducted a series of semi-structured interviews with key stakeholders in the tourism sector. Second, they conducted a focus group discussion with the key stakeholders of the industry. Third, they collected and analysed the results of a questionnaire survey. Finally, they used a thematic analysis to analyse the data. Haiti has been branded as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination. It is also known worldwide as the "Pearl of the Antilles" and as the first black republic in the world. However, the country is branded as politically unstable, disorganised, very poor and unsafe. With its negative image, it is very difficult for Haiti to develop a sustainable tourism industry. This paper contributes to the literature by providing an overview of the past, present and future of Haiti as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical innovations and movements in the evolution of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China. Drawing on the evolutionary paradigm, this study aims to investigate the reasons why nature tourism emerged in China in that period. This study uses the evolutionary paradigm to identify the critical innovations and movements in the evolution of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China. This study uses a qualitative research approach, which involves the collection of primary and secondary sources and the analysis of secondary sources. The four factors, transformation of value orientations, seeking immortality, interest in suburbs and migration, functioned together and contributed to the emergence of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China. This study contributes to the understanding of the origins of nature tourism in imperial China. The findings have implications for understanding the evolution of tourism in the contemporary and future worlds.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the emergence of cruise tourism in Iran and its potential to contribute to the development of the country's tourism industry. This paper is based on a review of the available literature on cruise tourism in Iran, and the author's personal experience of working in the Iranian cruise industry. While cruise tourism is and remains an emerging market in Iran, it is evident that the country has a vested interest in developing this lucrative sector due to the country's strong domestic, and steadily growing international market. Iran has a long way to go until it can match other more well-established cruise tourism destinations, for example, Europe and the Caribbean. This is the first study to examine the development of cruise tourism in Iran. The findings of this study will be of interest to both academics and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the projected future trajectories of real tourism exports (as a proxy for tourism demand) and relative tourism export prices of the 15 member countries of European Union (the EU-15), conditional on expert real gross domestic product (GDP) growth forecasts for the global economy provided by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD, 2015) for the years 2013-2017, where real GDP serves as aproxy for global tourist income. A comprehensive quarterly panel data set for these three variables comprising 3,555 observations for a cross-section of 45 countries and a time span ranging from 1994Q1 to 2013Q3 is employed (the list of the 45 countries can be found in Section 4 of this study). These additional countries from the rest of Europe and from all other world regions have been included in the present study to embed tourism demand for the EU-15 in an encompassing global tourism demand model. The results show that the EU-15 member countries' tourism export earnings are expected to grow at an annual average rate of +3.3 percent from 2013 to 2017, which is in line with expert forecasts for the global economy for the years 2013-2017. However, the expected growth in global tourist income is not expected to materialize in the evolution of tourism demand for, and relative destination price of, theEU-15 compared to its global competitors. In other words, it is not sufficient for the comparably less price-competitive and politically and macroeconomically distressed member countries to rely on the expected increases in tourist income to ensure they can continue generating sufficient export earnings from international tourists in the future to, at least, defend their market share in the global travel market. This is the first study to use a global vector autoregression framework to analyze the future trajectories of real tourism exports and tourism export prices of the EU-15 relative to its global competitors in the context of expert forecasts for the global economy.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the reforms in the public-holiday-policy system and their influence on the domestic tourism in China. The major reforms in Chinese holiday system in last 20 years and the overall changes of the demand for domestic tourism are analyzed in this paper. This paper examines the correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the system are also discussed. The results show that there is a significant correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the holiday system were also discussed. This paper examines the correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the holiday system are also discussed.
The purpose of this paper is to use the metaphor of fitness landscapes to help us to develop an enhanced understanding of how actors in the sector of tourism are caught up in a process of continuous improvement and innovation - finding themselves caught in the process of becoming as actors try to find and develop niches that captivate people and attract visitors. The metaphor of fitness landscapes is used to develop an enhanced understanding of how theories can be used to leverage on enhancing the adaptive capacity of tourism areas. Fitness landscapes are used in this paper primarily as a metaphor, being "vehicles for the transfer of concepts, notions and ideas from one domain to another" (Chettar, 2006, p. 74). Fitness landscapes can be used to visualize the development of complex adaptive systems as the stepwise movement through a dynamic landscape with peaks and valleys. Fitness landscapes are used primarily as a metaphor, being "vehicles for the transfer of concepts, ideas and concepts from one domain to another" (Chettarambambi, 2006, p. 74, also see Mehmood, 2010). The originality of this paper lies in the use of fitness landscapes as a metaphor to describe the adaptive capacity of tourism area development. This metaphor can be used as a tool to understand the dynamics of adaptive tourism areas development.
The purpose of this paper is to present a personal reflection of how one academic teaches the future of tourism. Dr Ian Yeoman is an Associate Professor of Tourism Futures at the Victoria University of Wellington; this is his story of teaching and learning based upon the following principles: a student-centred approach to learning rather than teacher focussed; the role of authentic learning in simulating a real-work environment; problem-based learning in which the student negotiates his/her own learning, sets boundaries and negotiates problems and resolves issues; and the use of problem-structuring methods to visualise learning. This paper is a personal reflection of how one academic teaches the future of tourism. Dr Ian Yeoman is an Associate Professor of Tourism Futures at the Victoria University of Wellington; this is his story of teaching and learning based upon the following principles: a student-centred approach to learning rather than teacher focussed; the role of authentic learning in simulating a real-work environment; problem-based learning in which the student negotiates his/her own learning, sets boundaries and negotiates problems and resolves issues; and the use of problem-structuring methods to visualise learning. The paper finds that imprecision and vagueness of the future is both realistic and useful, as it encourages students to search, define and negotiate their own understanding of the problem. Thus, the teacher is more of a facilitator than a traditional teacher. What is important is giving the students appropriate frameworks so that they can solve the problem, e.g. mind maps, rich pictures or scenario planning matrices. The power of group learning and study should not be underestimated. This paper is a reflection of how Dr Ian Yeoman engages with the students across a number of taught courses. Over the last five years that approach has being refined resulting in improved course evaluations by students.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the characteristics of contemporary tourism and identify possible future scenarios. The paper seeks to provide answers to a number of questions: what are the favored tourist practices of Millennials and Post-Millennials? What are the emerging needs of these two generations that the tourist industry must necessarily consider? How do new technologies support Millennials and post- Millennials in their tourist choices and experiences? What Are the main differences between these two categories? The paper is based on an online unpublished empirical survey conducted on a sample of 200 Italian web users between the end of 2016 and the first months of 2017. The results indicate that Millennials and post-Millennials are more aware of the importance of authenticity and authenticity in the tourism experience. They are more conscious and independent and see the tourist experience as a useful tool for the construction of their identities. They have new social needs that "holidays" are expected to satisfy. Holidays are no longer solely considered as an escape from daily routine, or solely as leisure time. Instead, they are high-value activities that contribute to the development of the identity of social actors. This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the emerging trends and social implications of tourism 2.0, a new form of tourism characterized by changes in its basic features.
The purpose of this paper is to examine differences in the benefits received from travel and the primary reasons to travel among distinct millennial segments. Previous studies examining millennials have focused on their presumably shared characteristics: millennials are young and carefree, expect instant gratification, seek out unique experiences, etc. However, in order to better examine the motivations and perceived benefits of travel among millennials (as well as the utility of travel mediums); this research was designed to explore potential differences among millennials with respect to age and income. A survey was administered to a sample of 1,000 millennial respondents in the USA. The data were analyzed using exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and cluster analysis. "YFMs", in comparison to "PMs," were far more motivated to travel in order to engage in exploration, education, novelty, hedonic interests, and visiting friends and family. Additionally, the findings suggest that millennial subgroups have significantly divergent travel motivations, as the motivational profiles of "YF Ms" were starkly different than the motivational profile of "PMMs." This study is one of the first to examine differences in the benefits received from travel and the primary reasons to travel among distinct millennial segments. The findings of this study provide direction for future research.
This study aims at better understanding the tourism experience of millennials by connecting their value orientations to the meaning that they give to travel. In doing so, it also aims at discovering profiles of young tourists that can be targeted both now and in the future by identifying target clusters for youth-sustainable tourism. A total of 423 youngsters answered a survey on values and the meaning they attribute to travelling based on validated scales. An integrated multidimensional research strategy has been applied where models that reduce the gathered data to fewer components (principal component analyses) were followed by a cluster analysis. The results show that young tourists with a biospheric value orientation associate travel with being in contact with nature. The meaning that they give to travel is found to be related to the travel experience. The results also show that there are clusters of young tourists that can be targeted both now and in the future by tourism organisations. This study makes an original contribution to the literature on millennials and tourism. To the authors' knowledge, the connection between Schwartz's value orientations on one side and the meaning as a component of the travel experience on the other side has not been attempted earlier.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. The city of Seoul, in fact, is promoting the development of sharing economy practices through a project entitled "Sharing City, Seoul" (SCS) which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses. The paper is based on a three-stage methodological approach. First, it presents the theoretical framework used to analyze both the links between Millennials and tourism and the connection between them and the sharing economy. Second, it introduces the case study of Seoul with the "Sharing City, Seoul" (SCS) project, which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses. Third, the paper presents the "sharing organizations" (SOs) with tourism vocation selected within the city project, and sets out the main findings. Finally, it discusses the results. The case of Seoul shows that Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. They are already forming their preferences and tastes, forming preferences and preferences for new online travel services, and they are becoming entrepreneurs and creators of new travel services. The paper discusses how Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. The case of Seoul exemplifies this ongoing dynamic. The city of Seoul, in fact, is promoting the development of sharing economy practices through a project entitled "Sharing City, Seoul" which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the best hostel practices and trends, and to evaluate and discuss how they are keeping up with the present demand created by the Millennial travellers (aged 18-35). The paper is based on a literature review and a survey of hostel owners, managers and staff of Portuguese hostels. The main findings of the study are as follows: first, there is an increasing understanding that Millennials are an important piece of the market with particular consumer behaviour patterns, and some travel businesses seem to have just awaken to that. In hospitality, while some hotel chains are doing efforts to catch the Millennials' attention by redefining brands, adapting services and technologies, for hostels, known as youth lodging by essence, to please Millennials seem to be an accomplished goal. Many of the contemporary hostels are leaving the low-budget/low-quality stigma behind, redefining so as to redefine as good value for money, which offers a comfortable stay in a social environment. This paper is one of the first attempts to identify the best hostel practices and trends, and to evaluate and discuss how they are keeping up with the present demand created by the Millennials market. In this context, the present paper aims to identify and discuss the best practices in the hostel industry in Portugal.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss Generation Zers' tourism experiences and practices. Through the analysis of narratives and tourist stories, the ambition is to understand to what extent this tourist segment is sensitive to the notion of sustainable tourism. The paper is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with 20 young people aged between 18 and 25 years old. The data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis method. Two types of travel arrangements emerged from the tourism experiences explored: alone or with parents. This generation apprehends the concept of sustainable tourism through its own tourist practices and through its use of social networks. However, it is not clear whether it is sensitive to the notion of sustainability. The term "Generation Z", despite its media development, seems to have received little attention by academic research. In the literature review, we identify the characteristics of this generation and clarify its relationship with the notions of consumption experience and sustainable tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse factors influencing the propensity to share travel experiences in social media during a trip, across a sample of Millennial and Gen Z consumers in three different countries. Specifically, the paper addresses "self"-related drivers of electronic word-of-mouth (eWOM) in general social media, including reflected appraisal of self, need for uniqueness, and opinion leadership. Data were collected through an online survey of 1,000 young consumers in three different countries. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The findings suggest that the need for uniqueness (NFU) and opinion leadership (OL) have a significant impact on the propensity to share travel experiences in social media during a trip, while reflected appraisal of self (RAS) does not. The findings also suggest that there are significant differences in the drivers of eWOM between young consumers in three different countries. This study contributes to the body of knowledge by addressing the lack of research on "self"-related drivers of eWOM in general social media during a trip. It also provides an international perspective by making cross-cultural comparisons between young consumers in three different countries. The focus on Millennial and Gen Z travellers is also of value, as they will continue to want to feel more special through the uniqueness of their respective travel experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual framework that can help a wide range of organisations, including smaller entrepreneurial businesses in non-urban destinations that fall outside of the remit of smart city developments, and in tourism destinations on the less technologically enabled or resource-rich side of the digital divide, to reap the benefits associated with employing the principles and practices associated with smart tourism to meet the needs of Millennials and Generation Z tourists. Drawing from the literature on smart tourism, the gamification and of experiences, the characteristics and needs of Millennials and Generation Z, and their engagement with gamified augmented reality (AR) applications, the authors have built a theory, presented as a conceptual framework, that explains geocaching as a community of practice, in order to explain the activities associated with the practice. The authors propose that geocaching as a pastime, which appeals to many different generations, could help provide a whole-family destination experience, as well as an experiential destination enhancement specifically to these younger tourists. Furthermore, with Millennials and Generation Z also being those that seek adventure, and gamified experiences involving riddle solving and overcoming physical challenges, the authors also propose thatGeocaching, a location-based leisure sport enabled by mobile global positioning system (GPS) based technology, is already a well-established practice, where much of the participant data on the subject originates, and where this practice can open up the extra-urban space to business development opportunities. This is the first time that geocaching has been conceptualised as a whole-family destination experience, as well as an experiential destination enhancement specifically to Millennials and Generation Z tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and demonstrate the importance of the links between urban places and visiting friends and relatives (VFR) activity, and then argue that this type of travel will become more important for cities in the future. A review of urban tourism literature is followed by a discussion of trends and implications regarding immigration to cities. VFR travel is then discussed as a conceptual framework that helps identify links between resident, guest and community with implications for tourism marketing and business development, immigrant integration and communal cultural development. Finally, the implications of future immigration patterns, consumption of travel and family demographics are considered regarding the ongoing importance of VFR for urban communities in the decades to come. Urban centers are now home to the majority of the global population. The forecast is for this trend to continue as increasing immigration drives urban population growth. With diversifying populations, the culture, infrastructure, trade and travel flows of cities are evolving and expanding. Simply put, the world is becoming more urban, with greater diversity in populations living in the same areas, creating burgeoning and increasingly cosmopolitan metropolises whose residents have expanding ties and networks across the globe. One tourism-related implication of this rising urbanization and immigration is the increasing demand for travel among disparate friends and family members. VFR travel has been largely disregarded by researchers and misunderstood by city tourism organizations, and VFR demand overrides to a greater extent these issues that affect more fluctuating types of tourism. This paper demonstrates the importance of the links between urban places and V FR activity, and then argues that VFR will become more important for cities in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the potential effects of online peer-to-peer marketplaces and the so-called sharing economy on urban property markets in the context of city tourism and urban development. To deal with these questions, official statistical data as well as market data from online market portals are combined with an analysis based on a geo-information system (GIS). As a result, it should be possible to identify concentration processes among overnight visitors and the potential concomitant conflicts with other interest groups. The analysis shows that the sharing economy is likely to have a significant impact on urban property markets in the short term, but it is not clear whether it will have a long-term impact on the urban property market in the medium term. The sharing economy may, however, have a longer-term effect on the city property market, as it is likely that it will lead to the creation of new forms of accommodation offerings that are not part of the conventional hospitality industry. This paper is the first attempt to analyse the potential effects of online peer-to-peer marketplaces on urban property markets in the context of city tourism and the sharing economy. It is also one of the first attempts to apply a geo-information system (GIS) approach to the analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to understanding the perceptions of local residents in destinations under considerable tourism pressure related to tourism and tourists, and the socio-spatial and cultural context which defines such perceptions. Bruges (Belgium), being an internationally known tourist destination, experiences a distinct pressure of tourism on its historical center and on the quality of life of its residents. A photo-elicitation study was conducted in Bruges (Belgium). The data were collected by means of a series of semi-structured interviews with residents of the Golden Triangle (Bruges' historical center). The interviewees were asked to take photos of themselves and tourists, and the photos were then used as the data collection instrument. The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method. The results partially show how to avoid the "deterioration" of resident's identities and attachments. The projects suggested by the residents for the Future of Bruges program reflect the residents' need to ensure the livability of the Golden Triangle. Simultaneously, those projects put emphasis on interactions between residents and tourists and aim at developing the creative spirit in the city. The photo-elicitation method proved to be a useful tool to achieve this. The photos contributed greatly to stimulating respondents' responses. The results partially show how to avoid the "deterioration" of resident's identities and attachments. The projects suggested by the residents for the Future of Bruges program reflect the residents' need to ensure the livability of the Golden Triangle. Simultaneously, those projects put emphasis on interactions between residents and tourists and aim at developing the creative spirit in the city.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the negative impacts of tourism in city destinations by means of a case study in Hamburg and the construction of a conceptual model that could help to manage visitor flows. The conceptual model is based upon desk research and expert interviews in various European cities and a literature review. A case study in Hamburg is used as a working structure to assess possible fields of conflict. The model developed in this paper is a conceptual model. It is intended to help clarify the relation between stakeholders (i.e. the residents, the tourism suppliers and the visitors) and their respective objectives. Being conceptual, however, it is not intended to serve as a structural model delivering graphical representations of hypotheses or structural relationships. Obviously, in order to assess the situation in a specific destination, the conceptual model can be used to assess possible fields of conflict arising from the conflict mechanisms contained in the model. The model developed in this paper is a conceptual model. It is intended to help clarify the relation between stakeholders (i.e. the residents, the tourism suppliers and the visitors) and their respective objectives. Being conceptual, however, it is not intended to serve as a structural model delivering graphical representations of hypotheses or structural relationships. Obviously, in order to assess the situation in a specific destination, the conceptual model can be used as a working structure to assess possible fields of conflict arising from the conflict mechanisms contained in the model.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse if and how conflicts that result from tourism are constructed as a destination management problem, respectively, as a problem of urban development and how this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as city and destination. Drawing on the notion of Seeing Like a City, the authors focus on how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts in order to manage them. Drawing on the notion of Seeing Like a City, the authors focus on how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts that result from tourism in order to manage them. Drawing on a case study in Berlin the authors analyse if and how conflicts resulting from tourism are constructed as a destination management problem, respectively, as a problem of urban development. The authors ask how this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as city and destination. The authors argue that there are disparate modes of seeing conflicts that result from tourism. The authors contrast the non-problematisation or marginalisation of conflicts that results from tourism on federal state level with problematisations on borough level, which in contrast present a pessimistic scenario. They argue that with the construction of a problem, possible solutions are already implied. The paper contributes to the literature on sustainable tourism governance by analysing how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts in order to manage conflicts that result from tourism. The authors argue that there are disparate modes of seeing conflicts resulting from tourism and that this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as a city and destination.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on a socio-cultural, trend-research-based practice that exists since the mid-1990s, within the portfolio of a lighting manufacturer: city.people.light. In the last two decades, such practice has delivered tangible results at brand innovation and strategic marketing levels through its participatory design principles targeting professionals. The author aims at reporting on an empirical validation of key categories (editorial products as output, workshops as generative process) within city. people.light by means of a dedicated grounded theory project (Bevolo, 2016). The paper is based on an empirical validation of key categories (editorial products as output, workshops as generative process) within city.people.light by means of a dedicated grounded theory project designed to empirically review its communication assets (books) and generative practices as structured process. The empirical validation of the city.people.light approach has resulted in a formal codification of the fields of future studies and foresight and ultimately of what a "futurist" is. Within the context of global corporate enterprises, "foresight" has been adopted as a strategic portfolio competence since the end of the Second World War. This has led to anticipate future change and emerging lifestyles. Topical moments include the availability of alternative scenarios unveiling "wild card" possible events - however unlikely - events at Royal Shell. The oil company uniquely anticipated - before 1973 - abundance in oil supply. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first empirical reviews of the city.people.light approach in the context of place-making and futures research. In addition, it is the first time that such an approach has been empirically validated through a grounded theory approach.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the current political and economic situation in Europe and the USA and to suggest ways in which tourism can benefit from these changes. The author is a US national and a European who also happens to be a trained political scientist, putting him in a unique position in which he can put the changes of Europe and the USA into some sort of meaningful political perspective. The author uses his experience as a political scientist to provide a political perspective on the changes that are taking place. In the past few years, there has been more than just a little political and economic turbulence in the international system and within national systems. Just a few years ago (2008), the financial system in the USA suffered a major blow and the USA has not yet fully recovered from this. In addition, the euro and the financial issues linked with it have led to numerous different disruptions financially in Europe, especially in the Eurozone members in the south of Europe. The financial turbulence in different countries has also led to substantial political turbulence. One of the recent political reactions has been that the UK has decided by referendum to leave the European Union (EU), something the pollsters and pro-Europeans have been shocked by. There is also the rise of various right-wing and left-wing political parties/movements in Europe and in other developed countries. The author is a US national and a European who also happens to be a trained political scientist, putting him in a unique position in which he can put the changes of Europe and the USA into some sort of meaningful political perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of Donald Trump's presidency on the future of American tourism industry. This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the tourism industry in the USA. A Donald Trump presidency will impact on tourism in both sides: negative and positive. Travel and tourism is the US largest service export, generating a $98 billion trade surplus for the US economy in 2015. International visitors spent a record-breaking $246.2 billion enjoying the USA. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the impact of Donald Trump's presidency on the future of American tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and elaborate four scenarios for a sustainable industry in 2040, in which for each of the four types of business identity the implications of these scenarios were mapped together with strategic questions with reference to sustainability and actionable strategic propositions. This resulted in a framework that might inspire businesses to use sustainability as a leading principle for their commercial activities. In this study, foresight has been applied to sustainable tourism development in Europe by means of expert consultation. The driving forces of change and the key uncertainties are explored, and based on the outcomes scenarios are developed. The scenarios are connected to the DNA framework of business identity, which results in concrete strategic propositions concerning sustainable development for four different types of businesses. Four scenarios were developed for each of the four types of business identity. These scenarios were mapped together with strategic questions with reference to sustainability and actionable strategic propositions. This resulted in a framework that might inspire businesses to use sustainability as a leading principle for their commercial activities. Thus, the study contributes to the managerial practice by offering a long-term future orientation (2040). The study contributes to the managerial practice by offering a long-term future orientation (2040); an integral/systemic approach which goes beyond "everyday sustainable practices" and integrates social, environmental and economic values; a translation of the notion of sustainable development in concrete and tailor-made suggestions for strategic action.
The purpose of this paper is to use a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas in the Netherlands. This paper uses a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas in the Dutch Wadden. This perspective is used to examine past and contemporary planning, policies and processes, which have typically seen nature and human activities as being functionally distinct entities. The findings show that tourism can be seen as an opportunity to increase an area's social-ecological resilience, as it could provide a balance between the sometimes competing goals of maintaining the natural qualities of the area and attaining socio-economic benefits. To achieve both goals, it is important that the synergistic interactions between tourism and landscape are recognized and stimulated. This paper contributes to the literature by using a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas. This perspective is useful to understand how tourism and landscape interact with each other and how these interactions are managed.
The purpose of this paper is to use a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn, travel and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what the future might be. This paper uses a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what might be the future of tourism and porn. The intersections of tourism, porn and the future can be seen as a form of gaze. Gazing refers to the "discursive determinations of socially constructed seeing or scopic regimes" and it concerns "how we are able to see, what we are allowed to see or made to see and how we see the seeing". From a tourism perspective, gazing at particular sights is conditioned by personal experiences and memories and framed by rules and styles as well as circulating images and texts of places. Tourism marketing is a gaze. This paper uses a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn, travel and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what the future might be.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolving expectations of guests, the drivers of change in the lodging industry, potential innovations, emerging opportunities, and likely future scenarios for hotel chains. In this paper the authors explore how hotel chains will be able to respond to the changing expectations of their guests in the future. This paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' personal experience in the lodging industry. In order to sustain and grow their competitive position in the future hotel chains will have to: listen to and learn from guests incorporating big data insights, go beyond segments to provide personalized services, continuously develop the brand through signature experiences, utilize collaboration technologies and open innovation to maintain an edge in their service experiences, and, through total revenue management (RM), generate ancillary revenues and maximize guest spend. This paper is the first of its kind to explore the evolving expectations of guests, the drivers of change in the lodging industry, potential innovations, emerging opportunities, and likely future scenarios for hotel chains. The opportunities presented in this paper cannot be attained without developing and executing a long-term strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to map out ten turning points in the evolution of revenue management (RM). The paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on Alonso's and Hobsbawm's premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations and illustrations. Taking an historical perspective, this paper maps out ten turning points in the evolution of RM. This paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on Alonso's (2010) and Hobsbawm's (1995) premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations. The paper identifies ten turning points in the evolution of RM. These turning points include the publication of Littleswood's rule (Littlewood, 2005) and EMSR (Belobaba, 1987), which linked forecasting, optimization and reservations management into a single entity. The paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on the premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations and illustrations. The contribution of this trend paper is that it sets out the history of RM by identifying the turning points of change. For futurists or forecasters, the challenges are using these turning points as a set of time series points in order to forecast and understand the future.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the implications of Digital Amnesia within the tourism industry. With consumers becoming ever more dependent on technology, tourism businesses may become increasingly technically savvy to gain consumer attention. The construction of innovative, attention grabbing promotional marketing could be utilised in location service software within smartphone and tablets to alert consumers when they are close to certain attractions or providers. Advising consumers on potential activities on day trips or short breaks may also be a lucrative opportunity within this field. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of digital amnesia and its implications for tourism. Digital amnesia is a significant issue for tourism businesses, as consumers are becoming more immersed within their digital devices, and subsequently creating digital lives. This has led to many users now becoming so reliant on their devices, they do not need to remember simple things such as a hotel or restaurant reservation. So how can tourism businesses capitalise on this issue? The construction of innovative, attention grabbing promotional marketing could be utilised in location service software within smartphone and tablets to alert consumers when they are close to certain attractions or providers. This paper provides a unique insight into the implications of Digital Amnesia for tourism businesses. The findings of this paper will be of value to both academics and practitioners in the tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the impact of political ideologies on tourism in the future. The authors first delineate the various political ideologies that exist and are available to political leaders. To do this, the authors delve into how political theorists delineate and isolate the different political ideologies. Here, they investigate the major political ideologies and look at how they view the role of tourism. They then explore how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries, with case studies from a number of countries. The paper is based on a literature review and case studies from a number of countries. The key concept that needs to be defined for this investigation is the idea of "ideology". The authors delve into how political theorists delineate and isolate the various political ideologies that currently exist. Here, the authors investigate the major political ideologies and look at how they view the role of tourism. The authors then explore how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries. The paper finds that there are three major political ideologies available to political leaders in terms of how they view the role of tourism and how these ideologies have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries, with case studies from a number of countries. The paper concludes that these ideologies will likely impact upon tourism throughout the world. This is the first attempt to look into the impact of political ideologies on tourism in the future. It is also one of the first attempts to look at how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into tourism development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of the independence referendum of September 2014 on the future of tourism in Scotland, and the implications for destination management organisations (DMOs) in Scotland and the UK as a whole. This paper is based on the results of a series of semi-structured interviews with tourism industry experts from the UK, Scotland and the rest of Europe. There are four possible political options for Scotland, and each of these options provides for a different operational model in how the destination management organisation (DMO) could manage their tourism product. Apart from the status quo, each of the four options has different implications for tourism. This is one of the first studies to explore the impact of the referendum on the tourism industry in Scotland and the implications for the future of tourism in the UK.
The purpose of this paper is to present the changes in political and socioeconomic conditions after 25 years of transformation and how it provided a new methodology in tourism planning. It shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. The detailed objective is to characterize the systemic transformation and its impact on the economy. This is a review paper where literature of the topic, legislation and strategic documents are used to characterize the systemic transformation and its impact on the tourism economy. It also includes comparative analysis. The paper shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. It shows how foresight provides a new methodology in tourism planning and how it has the potential to play an important role in increasing the benefits of tourism and alleviate problems associated with it. This paper is the first attempt to present the changes in political and socioeconomic conditions after 25 years of transformation and how it provided a new methodology in tourism planning. It shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. It also includes comparative analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the connections between security and order and the democratic governmental systems of the European Union (EU). It explores the link between enhancement of order (the consensual way the EU settles its differences) and benefits to tourism flows. It further asserts that these factors explain the continued expansion of the EU and also explains the conflict with Russia. The intention is to arrive at a better understanding of how tourism flows will be affected in future (negatively or positively) by the geopolitics of EU expansion. The paper is based on a literature review and analysis of the EU accession agreements and their impact on the development of democracy and order in the EU. The paper also looks at examples of Croatia, Greece and Israel. It is argued that consolidated democracy in the EU is driving its expansion by offering the opportunity of order coupled with economic (including tourism) benefits to acceding nations. The preservation of order and enhancement of civil liberties are essential elements in opening up trade, leading to prosperity. These are the elements that countries that are situated on the eastern borders of the EU aspire to achieving themselves. It is that aspiration which holds a threat for Russia. The EU can point to a successful record as regards to preserving peace between member states, stretching back decades. By understanding the definition of consolidated democracy, it is possible to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of the EU governmental institutions and those of individual member states. This understanding could be used by governments, tourist boards and other tourism stakeholders to be smarter in their planning, raising the prospect of designing smart strategies in relation to tourism growth based on a greater awareness and deeper understanding of the geopolitics around the EU.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how tourism professionals envision the prospects of current and future cooperation between the two prevailing ethnic groups on the island of Cyprus that has been separated by UN-administered "Green Line" since the Turkish invasion of 1974. The paper is based on data from a survey of tourism professionals on the island of Cyprus. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire that was sent to tourism professionals in the north and the south of the island. The authors find that Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriot tourism professionals are optimistic about the prospects for cooperation in tourism in a post-settlement Cyprus. However, there are some impediments to cooperation in the form of a strong ethno-nationalism that impedes cooperation between the two communities. This is one of the first studies to look into the perceptions of tourism professionals about the prospects for cooperation between the two dominant ethnic groups on the island of Cyprus in a post-settlement Cyprus.
The purpose of this paper is to present a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses soft systems methodology (SSM) as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning (which will be referred to as TOUR301). This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning at Victoria University of Wellington. The motivation for the paper comes out of students wanting clearer examples and direction of how Yeoman has adapted the methodology for teaching and why. This is his personal story. This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning (which will be referred to as TOUR301) at Victoria University of Wellington. This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning at Victoria University of Wellington.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation. The research was conducted as part of a master's degree at the IESEG School of Management (Lille and Paris, France) with a view to helping Keroul address the issue. To better understand the situation and detect issues - issues that are highly likely to be encountered in and outside of Quebec - a number of tourist accommodation managers in the Quebec tourism industry were consulted. This study reveals the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation. This study reveals the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the Tourism Confidence Index (TCI) helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The focus is on the intra-year development of international tourism demand, worldwide and in world regions. UNWTO TCI is used in combination with statistical forecasts, to test if sentiment brings benefits in forecast accuracy. If any, contributions are measured in terms of accuracy gains and assessed in alternative scenarios, including one of the hardest crises the tourism sector ever experienced. This study is a first attempt to examine whether the UNWTO Tourism Confidence Index (TCI) helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The focus is on the intra-year development of international tourism demand, worldwide and in world regions. The index is used in combination with statistical forecasts, to test if sentiment brings benefits in forecast accuracy. If any, contributions brought by the index are measured in terms of accuracy gains and assessed in alternative scenarios, including one of the hardest crises the tourism sector ever experienced. Empirical results prove that the UNWTO TCI well captures changes in tourism demand generated by external shocks, but also by short-term, systematic factors, and proves efficient in identifying turning points and, combined with statistical forecasts, it also contributes to improve the number of correctly signed observations. This study is a first attempt to examine whether the UNWTO TCI helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The outcome of this research is meant to provide operational guidance to tourism practitioners on the opportunity cost to produce short-term forecasts using alternative approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse Airbnb as a reflection on the networked hospitality phenomenon in general. With hospitality and tourism experts, the authors looked into the past, current and future impact of Airbnb and similar initiatives. These insights were the basis for future scenarios, in a conceptual exploration that in the first place must become part of the academic discussion on the future and hospitality and Tourism. In October 2015, 12 hoteliers, hotel investors and representatives from travel and destination management organizations from the Amsterdam area participated in discussions on the future of networked hospitality businesses. In view of the explosive growth of the phenomenon since 2007, a time horizon of five years was chosen. The first workshop was organized as a structured discussion in which input was captured with Spilter moderation software. Participants exchanged views on the main changes, future threats and opportunities for hotels and for tourism in the light of the growth of Airbnb. Subsequently, these views and opinions were classified for their expected impact and uncertainty. Simultaneously, a digital Delphi panel was organized with a wider geographical spread and with a total of 31 participants. The main conclusions of the first workshop were used to formulate five questions on the evolution of P2P accommodation to address some of the issues that had become less elaborated in the first discussion. The combined results of both panels allowed the researchers to identify, along with a number of trends and developments The authors identified a number of trends and developments that were considered highly probable, while two drivers for the future evolution of which there was no consensus were considered uncertain. These drivers were chosen as scenario axes as a way to reduce the complexity of future events by crafting four "extreme" scenarios. This study is the first attempt to analyse Airbnb as a reflection on the networked hospitality phenomenon in general. With hospitality and tourism experts, the authors looked into the past, current and future impact of Airbnb and similar initiatives. These insights were the basis for future scenarios, in a conceptual exploration that in the first place must become part of the academic discussion on the future and hospitality and Tourism.
- The purpose of this paper is to introduce a new approach to tourist tracking via smartphone app, exemplifying this on a case study from Lake Constance, a popular tourist destination in Germany. In doing so the paper illustrates past, present and future approaches to, as well as options for, tourist tracking. - The paper illustrates past, present and future approaches to, as well as options for, tourist tracking. Movement patterns of tourists in the destination of Lake Constance have so far remained unknown. For our purpose, the goal of tracking tourists is to visualize movement patterns in an interdisciplinary approach straddling tourism and computer science. - The results showed that tourists focus on the bigger lakeside towns, but also on day-trip attractions like Mainau Island and Meersburg. Within the towns, the movement patterns follow the often-cited ants-trail pattern, no matter whether tourists are first time or repeat visitors. The study further showed that triangulation always makes sense, in order to balance the different approaches and to counter their respective disadvantages. - The paper presents a new approach to tourist tracking via smartphone app, exemplifying this on a case study from Lake Constance, a popular tourist destination.
The purpose of this paper is to present the results of the MEDRA project (Mersin and Drama municipalities' cooperation on accessible tourism) which was a research project, realised from 2008 to 2009. The main issue addressed by the project was the lack of accessibility for people with disabilities in tourist activities and the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey. The MEDRA project was a research project, realised from 2008 to 2009. It was co-funded, following a competitive evaluation of proposals, by the Central Finance and Contracts Unit (CFCU), which was established by a Memorandum of Understanding between the EU Commission and the Turkish Government. The main issue addressed by the project was the lack of accessibility for people with disabilities in tourist activities and the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey. The main results of the research conducted in the areas of Drama, Greece and Mersin, Turkey include, amongst others, the identification of needs of tourists with disabilities; the historical evolution of accessibility in both countries; the evolution of the legislative framework related to accessible tourism; the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey; and the proposal of appropriate solutions in infrastructure and policy level as well as the importance of accessible tourism for both countries. The MEDRA project is an example of an innovative approach to the development of accessible tourism in Greece and Turkey, which is worthy of a wider application, not only in the two countries, but also to countries with similar characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the "polarity paradox" on hospitality and tourism. The authors argue that developing offerings in the field of extreme "dark" memorable experiences or even transformations, present interesting business opportunities for tourism and hospitality providers as consumer choices are polarising at both ends of the utopian-dystopian continuum. In this paper the authors specifically investigate the "thrill side" of the Polarity Paradox. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the Polarity Paradox and on the authors' own experience as a researcher in the field. The research suggests that the Polarity Paradox is a phenomenon that could be very different from situations in the past as consumers no longer aim to live their lives in the middle ground. On some occasions, travellers certainly choose the "chill" or rather the utopian side of the polarities, i.e. pleasing and comfortable experiences. Less explored however and especially in this context, is the effect of dystopian and "thrill" seeking travel experiences. The authors highlight how these extreme experiences might ask for a new approach to customer segmentation as well as alternative value propositions to meet this demand. This is the first paper to explore the "polarity paradox" in the context of the Polarity Paradox. The authors argue that in addition to developing new concepts that address the "what-do-we-develop-for-whom", hybrid tourists and extreme choices demand a new approach to market segmentation. Successful hospitality and tourism organisations understand that predicting any consumer behaviour based on demographic variables it becomes very difficult as hybrid tourists continue to explore a range of very different types of travel experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the importance of accessible tourism for the specialized travel agencies in Turkey. The purpose of the study is to identify the problems encountered by the disabled individuals with respect to travel and tourism in Turkey and to propose a solution to these problems. This study is based on a qualitative research approach. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted with the representatives of the specialized travel agencies. The second phase of the research was conducted by means of a focus group discussion with the members of the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies (TURSAB) in order to find out their opinions about accessible tourism. The results of the study show that the disabled individuals with accessibility needs prefer to travel through specialized travel agencies because of the fact that they have the right to have a holiday experience. However, there are still problems about accessibility in archeological sites, museums, city centres, food and beverage businesses, beaches, accommodation businesses and means of transport. Thus, the specialized agencies should be able to provide products/services in accordance with this market. This paper is the first of its kind in the Turkish context. It will be useful for the specialized travel agencies to understand the importance of accessible tourism for the disabled tourists and to be able to provide the necessary services in this area.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current state of the art in the United Arab Emirates' (UAE's) current federal disability law, Federal Law No. (29 of 2006) Regarding the Rights of People with Special Needs (PwD), and its impact on the 5 star hotel industry in the emirate of Dubai. In addition, the paper evaluates the impact of the existing legislation on the industry's interpretation and application of the law. This paper is based on a literature review of current laws in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) pertaining to the rights of people with disabilities (PwD) and the 5 star hotel industry in Dubai. It also draws on interviews with representatives from the Dubai Government, the emirate of Dubai, and the UAE's 5 star hotels. The findings of this paper suggest that the self-directed ethical model is a viable alternative to a mandated legal model when encountering a marginalized audience, and suggests that the alternative framework of a self- directed ethical model can likewise have compelling relevance. This paper is one of the first to provide an in-depth analysis of the current state of the art of the UAE's current federal disability law in relation to PwD, and the implications of that law for the 5 star hotel industry in the UAE.
The purpose of this paper is to identify five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism in the future. This paper is based on a literature review of the key drivers shaping the future of food tourism. The paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food Tourism. The paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism in the future. The drivers overlap, influence and integrate with each. This paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism. The drivers overlap, influence and integrate with each. Food tourism as a collective discourse binds farmer, producer, distributor, retailer and consumer together thus providing stakeholders and communities a utopian vision of the future.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the special issue on "Accessible tourism futures: the world we dream to live in and the opportunities we hope to have", which explores the future dimensions of the intersection of disability and tourism in the emerging field of accessible tourism. The paper provides a brief overview of the special issue and introduces the conceptual and research papers, viewpoints and trend papers in the issue. The special issue provides the opportunity for contributors to take part in the current discourses on accessible tourism from a futures perspective, in order that they can understand, manage and contribute to the development of accessible tourism in the context of economically, socially and environmentally sustainable communities. The special issue provides the opportunity for contributors to take part in the current discourses on accessible tourism from a futures perspective, in order that they can understand, manage and contribute to the development of accessible tourism in the context of economically, socially and environmentally sustainable communities.
The purpose of this paper is to present a new, critical perspective on the selected models of disability (MD), the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism. The evolution of concepts defining disability has been conditioned mainly by socio-economic and legislative changes. This evolution is reflected in numerous models of disability (MD), for example, ethical, medical, social, biopsychosocial, geographical or economic models. Certain MDs illustrate how disability was perceived (in a given time, by a given social group) which influenced what action was undertaken and considered appropriate in terms of eliminating both the causes and effects of disability. Each MD was based on a different paradigm which also determined the action connected to accessibility to public spaces, buildings or tourism services for PwD. The paper presents a new, critical perspective on the selected MD, the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism. The analysis performed indicated the need for a synthesis of paradigms at the core of the conceptualisation of particular models, including those often regarded as being contrary, such as the medical and social models. The paper presents a new, critical perspective on the selected MD, the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism for PwD supply.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the accessible tourism market potential, by forecasting the market value from 2005 to 2025. The implications of operating in theaccessible tourism market will be analysed using an assessment of major travel and leisure company involvement. The research is split into two parts: an analysis of the accessible tourism market value; and an examination of the reasons for and against major travel and leisure company involvement in theaccessible tourism market. This is accompanied with an assessment of the perceptions of managers in strategic positions of these organisations. Focus groups involving a variety of stakeholders in the accessible Tourism industry, such as disabled tourists, accommodation suppliers, tour operators, government and airline managers, were conducted. Major travel and leisure companies are aware of the potential of the accessible tourism market. However, the majority of managers in strategic positions of these organisations do not believe that they are currently involved in the market. This is due to a number of reasons, including a lack of understanding of the market, lack of awareness and lack of investment in accessible tourism solutions. This paper provides an overview of the accessible tourism market potential, by forecasting the market value from 2005 to 2025. This will help to provide a launch pad for companies in the travel and leisure industry to take the leap and benefit from this emerging market.
The purpose of this paper is to provide original insights into the current and future scope of accessible tourism in New Zealand from the perspectives of its stakeholders. This research sought to address the following objectives: first, to ascertain the current scope ofaccessible tourism in the New Zealand tourism industry, second, to explore social and business rationales to support a future of accessible tourist provision, and third, to examine the perceived reality and possibilities of "on the ground" accessible tourism. This research utilised a mixed-methods approach, utilising semi-structured interviews and focus groups with key tourism industry stakeholders in New Zealand. Interviews were conducted with a range of stakeholders from the tourism industry, government and non-government organisations. The research findings reconfirm the access market to be largely untouched, but one with scope for opportunity should critical issues be addressed and priorities reconsidered going forward. Specifically, it was revealed that accessible tourism in New Zealand will only be realised through the: connecting of organisations; effective communication of the business case; and, ensuring always, that the "accessible voice" is genuinely heard. This paper provides original insights into the current and future scope of accessible tourism in New Zealand from the perspectives of its stakeholders. The findings are of value to countries working through the layers of understanding and decision making within this future area of tourism provision and development.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The aim of the methodology is to develop and implement an accessibility training programme for the staff of the monument management company. The methodology used in this paper is based on a case study approach. The case study was conducted in Thessaloniki, Greece, in order to identify the main barriers to accessibility of monuments and to develop a methodology to overcome these barriers. The methodology was developed based on an extensive literature review and a series of semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of accessibility. This paper presents a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The methodology is based on the findings of a case study of a monument located in the heart of the city of Greece, which was selected as an example of an accessible tourism destination. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The methodology is based on a case study of a major Greek city, which has been selected as an example of an accessible tourism destination.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009. This paper describes the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009 and from the public investments programme of the Hellenic Republic (50 per cent). The project was realized by the cooperation of the Aristotle University of Thesaloniki (project promoter) and the 9th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities. The results of the project show that the main obstacles to accessibility improvement in the selected monuments of Thessaloniki have been overcome and the monuments are now accessible to all visitors, including people with restricted mobility. The main reasons for the success of the interventions are the following: the use of a multi-disciplinary approach to the problem of accessibility improvement; the development of a methodology for the assessment of the accessibility of the monuments; and the establishment of an accessibility management system. This paper describes the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009 (50 per cent).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of accessible tourism as a business segment within the tourism sector. The paper aims to present three different scenarios of the possible future of tourism for people with disabilities in the near future. The paper is based on an extensive literature review and the authors' own experience in the field of tourism for people with disabilities. It is surprising that capitalism so far, despite its usual greed, has not made a greater effort to enhance productivity and development of this business segment within the tourism sector. So, what is the reason? Could it be that capitalism did not believe in tourism for people with disabilities as a real business opportunity? If so, what would it need to change this trend in the future? This paper presents a new way of looking at the future of accessible tourism. It is based on a new approach to the development of tourism for people with disabilities as a business segment within the tourism sector.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the social background and values of students' travellers vs the meaning they give to travel and their motivation. The aim is to discover in their present behaviour cues to enhance sustainable travel choices so that the future of tourism can be secured. A questionnaire was used to collect data from a sample of university students. The data were analysed by means of structural equation modelling (SEM). Results suggest that the value scale proposed by De Groot and Steg (2008) is a suitable tool for analysing students' travellers' values and needs in the context of youth tourism. The results also show that sustainability values are not directly related to the travel needs of students. However, pro-environmental and pro-social values influence the youth tourism experience in a more general way. This study makes a theoretical contribution by testing the suitability and explanatory power of the value scale proposed by De Groot and Steg (2008) in the context of youth tourism and by assessing whether pro-environmental and pro-social values influence the youth tourism experience. It also provides data for predicting tourism choices in the more immediate future.
The purpose of this paper is to examine factors that are important when aiming to plan for a positive legacy of mega sport events (MSEs). Specifically, the authors examine the "Dutch Approach" to legacy planning. The first part of the paper concerns a literature study. This is done to identify factors that are related to negative legacy which need to be avoided and factors that contribute to a positive legacy. The second part elaborates on the "Dutch Approach" (see De Groot et al., 2012) to the planning of MSEs. The Dutch Approach is explained with a reference to the process of preparing a bid for the 2028 Olympic Games. By doing so, a unique insight is provided into the process and emerging issues that relate to generating apositive legacy. Finally, the insights presented in this paper are combined to formulate a set of propositions concerning the future planning of mega sport events and their contributions to tourism. The research indicates that several basic conditions for a positive legacy are being met. It is argued that the Dutch Approach already garnered results in the planning phase, particularly concerning the enhanced connectivity of stakeholders, improved organizing capacity, and more know-how about the process of organizing MSEs. A key aspect of the approach is that organizing the Olympic Games is not seen as the end to be reached, but as the ultimate reward for a long term, community-driven planning and development approach. The specific contribution of this paper to the literature on legacies of mega sport events and impacts of MSEs on tourism comes with the analysis of the Dutch Approach, being as a method of legacy planning that has the potential to positively influence future tourism development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of tourism in New Zealand in 2050. The New Zealand Tourism Framework sets out an ambitious agenda to grow the economic value of tourism to $NZ 21 billion by 2025 at a growth rate of 6 per cent per annum. However, the tourism framework is a neoliberal document shaped by business and is void of the words such as sustainability and the environment. So, is there an alternative? This research was commissioned by the McGuiness Institute (www.mcguinessinstiute.org), a Wellington based non-partisan think tank which conducts future studies and contributes to strategic foresight. This research was commissioned by the McGuiness Institute (www.mcguinessinstiute.org), a Wellington based non-partisan think tank which conducts future studies and contributes to strategic foresight. Through evidence based research and policy analysis, it aims to inform tourism policy by providing alternative pathways to the New Zealand Tourism Framework. Drawing upon earlier research published by the Institute about New Zealand's environmental and sustainable futures, questions were raised about the countries environmental credentials. The research found that New Zealand's environmental and sustainable future is not as bleak as the New Zealand Tourism Framework suggests. However, there are alternative pathways to a more sustainable future for New Zealand tourism. This study is the first of its kind to examine New Zealand's environmental and sustainable future in relation to the New Zealand Tourism Framework. It provides an alternative vision for the future of tourism in New Zealand. It is also the first study to examine the sustainability of the 100% Pure New Zealand branding.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the prospects, positioning, and planning for the development of space tourism. - The paper is based on a review of the literature on space tourism and a psychometric analysis of the potential economic and social impacts of space tourism. - The paper finds that space tourism could become a new driver for global development, and ultimately for human development beyond our planet and solar system. However, it is a field in which future defies history, futurism confronts tradition, unprecedented wealth co-exists with abject poverty, and imagination bends reality. For these reasons the study of tourism begs insights from many disciplines and illustrates many of the challenges for planning and policy. - The paper is a reminder of the concepts and methods to be used in students' term projects in a tourism policy course.
Family tourism is one of the most important sectors of the tourism industry around the world and accounting for about 30 per cent of the leisure travel market. The purpose of this paper is to examine ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future. This paper is based on a literature review of ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future. The paper identifies ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future. These are: changing family structures; longevity and smaller core families; the verticalisation of the family; immigration; the growth in the number of residents living abroad; growing numbers of elderly people; the growing number of foreign-born members of the population; and the changing nature of family tourism. This paper provides an overview of ten trends that will shape the future of family tourism. The authors believe that this paper will be of value to academics and practitioners in the field.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of food tourism and food festivals. Food tourism has drawn much attention as a tourism product, it is seen as one of the key components of the tourist experience. Food festivals provide an opportunity for society to socialise as by their nature they bring people together. But what is the future? By 2050, nearly ten billion people are forecasted to live on planet Earth, there will be new middle classes with new consumption patterns, oil will be scarce, the planet will be warmer as a consequence of climate change and five billion people will take an international holiday. So what could all this mean for food tourism? This trends paper portrays one future and the eight trends that will shape that future. - This paper is based on a literature review of the past, present and future of food tourism and food festivals. - Food tourism has drawn much attention as a tourism product, it is seen as one of the key components of the tourist experience and food festivals provide an opportunity for society to socialise as by their nature they bring people together. But what is the future? By 2050, nearly ten billion people will live on planet Earth, there will be new middle classes with new consumption patterns, oil will be scarce, the planet will be warmer as a consequence of climate change and five billion people are forecasted to take an international holiday. So what could all this mean for food tourism and food festival? - The paper provides an insight into the future of food tourism and food festivals. It provides an overview of the eight trends that will shape the future and the Dr Spock's Food Festival.
This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations. This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations. The paper finds that knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations. This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations.
- The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of scenarios for the Norwegian travel industry towards 2025. The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. - The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs. This project differs from previous scenario projects in that the industry itself now was the lead of the project instead of external consultants and consultants. The main companies and other stakeholders in the industry contributed to the development of the industry's own perception of drivers and potential scenarios to ensure relevance to strategic and policy decisions of firms, authorities, and investors. - The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. The scenario process has been centered on likely drivers and the dynamics of the tourism sector. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs. - The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs. The inclusion of more experts on each of the important drivers would be important to reduce validity uncertainty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the 100% Pure New Zealand campaign as part of a broader national branding strategy to project the country as a unique and innovative place to visit, live and invest in. The purpose of the campaign is to project New Zealand as a young, beautiful and clean country. The idea of "purity" is mainly applied to the natural environment, represented as pristine, undiluted and de-humanised, but also to other elements such as Maori culture and hospitality, and locally produced food and wine. However, as Bose and Muthukumar (2011) point out, 100%pure New Zealand is a brand with problems because of the country's environmental issues. The paper is based on a review of the literature on New Zealand's 100% Pure New Zealand campaign and its impact on the country's environment. It is also based on the results of a survey of New Zealand tourists conducted in 2008. Considered by some as one component of a broader national branding strategy to project the country as a unique and innovative place to visit, live and invest in, the 100% Pure New Zealand campaign is considered to be a "natural extension and elegant expression for the clean and green space that New Zealand had long occupied in the minds of global consumers". Thus it constructs a national image aligned with New Zealand resources, consumer demands and expectations, and one which is also adaptable to target specific segments of the diverse global market. Portraying New Zealand as a young, beautiful and clean country, the idea of "purity" is mainly applied to the natural environment, represented as pristine, undiluted and de-humanised, but also to other elements such as Maori culture and hospitality, and locally produced food and wine. This is the first time that the concept of 100% Pure New Zealand has been applied to tourism in New Zealand. It provides a new perspective on the sustainability of New Zealand's image as a tourist destination.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an interview with futurist Ian Yeoman about tourism in Hawaii in 1776-2076. - This interview is prepared by an independent writer who adds his/her own impartial comments and places the articles in context. - The paper finds that tourism in Hawaii in the future will be as important as it was in 1776 and will be even more so in 2076. - The paper is of value to anyone interested in the development of tourism in Hawaii in the future, particularly those interested in tourism.
- The purpose of this paper is to discuss the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI) to achieve the aims of the institute. - The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI) scenario planning research group. - The paper finds that scenario planning is an emerging approach to strategy and planning in general and in the leisure and tourism domain in particular. The paper discusses the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the ETFI to achieve these aims. - The paper provides an overview of the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI).
- The purpose of this paper is to provide an industry perspective on Tourism 2025, the New Zealand tourism industry's strategic plan for aspirational growth over the next five years. - The paper is based on a series of interviews with senior tourism industry leaders from across the New Zealand tourism industry. The interviews were conducted using a combination of open, semi-structured and closed questions. - Tourism 2025 reflects an industry which is aligned on a pathway towards aspirational growth. This is a framework, not a strategic plan. It is not intended to be a prescriptive recipe for industry and individual business success. Instead, what Tourism 2025 does is provide vital context for some collective actions by big or small industry clusters and, more importantly, for the thousands of actions individual businesses take each year. There is something in this framework for everyone and it is incumbent on all players, large and small, to grasp the opportunities so the industry can achieve the aspirational goals set. - This is the first time an industry perspective has been provided on Tourism 2025. It provides an industry-wide view of what is needed to achieve the aspirational goals set by Tourism 2025 and the opportunities and challenges facing the industry.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact that trends in terms of changing power relationships may play in the new economic environment in which the tourism industry will have to function in the future. - The paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' own experience in the tourism and hospitality industry. - The paper finds that the world in which tourism and many other industries will function will be very different in coming decades. The trends in motion indicate a radically different world with a new global leadership, increased political instability, a rise in regional integration, greater corporate and governmental control over people, and increasingly powerful corporations. These changes pose threats and opportunities for tourism and hospitality industries. - This paper is the first to consider the impact that trends in terms of changing power relationships may play in the new economic environment in which the tourism industry will have to function in the future.
- With the continued growth of social media platforms for guest feedback, the playing field for hotel rating is changing rapidly. The changing focus of consumers from conventional hotel rating systems that provide stars to classify hotels to online guest reviews and ratings is changing the field from one whereby the expert inspector or government dictates hotel standards to one where the consumer almost directly dictates what constitutes hotel quality. The purpose of this paper is to explore the development of online guest feedback platforms facilitating guest review and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems. - This paper explores the development of social media platforms facilitating guest reviews and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems. Second, the advancements in technology are investigated. Third, the existing and future use of such technology by the hotel consumer, the hotel industry and conventional rating bodies is outlined, resulting in a prediction of what hotel rating will look like in 2024. - Online guest feedback will continue to grow and be used more by more people. They key drivers are mobile devices and internet connectivity that allows travellers to write and read online reviews and ratings across devices, when and where they want. Conventional hotel rating systems will see a further drop in participation unless they have a legal base to enforce participation. To continue to justify their existence, conventional hotel rating system will seek integration with social media, making the guests opinion an integral part of the rating process. - This paper is the first to explore the development of social media platforms facilitating guest reviews and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems. Second, the advancements in technology are investigated. Third, the existing and future use of such technology by the hotel consumer, the hotel industry and conventional rating bodies is outlined, resulting in a prediction of what hotel rating will look like in 2024.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the trends in the development of cyborg games in the near future. The paper is based on a review of the literature on cyborg games, wearable technologies, artificial intelligence (AI) and artificial intelligence. It is a conceptual paper. The paper finds that in the near future, cyborg games will become a reality. Computers are finding themselves empathetic, gaining awareness of our huge range of physical signals. They will soon be translating our body language with greater success than we do (Future Foundation, 2014). The idea of issuing an instruction will seem archaically cumbersome and human demand will simply equate to machine command. For example, BioBeats (biobeats.com) generates music from one or more heartbeats that builds content from emotion whereas the Emotiv (emotive.com( is a neuroheadset that uses a set of sensors to tune into electronic signals that allows gamers to use thought power across a whole range of online and video games. The paper provides an insight into the trends in the development of cyborg games in the near future. It is of value to both academics and industry practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference, held in Doha, Qatar, 23-24 February 2014. A series of recommendations were given by speakers at the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference that can be summarized as follows: a demand-driven development development with an eye for trends as well as lifestyle convergence, ever increasing customer expectations, niches and small and specialized events; embedding major events and events in carefully planned long-term promotion campaigns aimed at refocusing or improving the image of the destination; seizing investment opportunities in attractions and hotels based on market intelligence and an understanding of life cycles; and finding and implementing investment opportunities based on intelligence and understanding of market cycles. A series of recommendations were given by speakers at the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference that can be summarized as follows: development with an eye for trends as well as lifestyle convergence, ever increasing customer expectations and expectations, increasing small niches and specialized events; embedding major events and promotion in carefully planned long-term campaigns aimed at refocusing or improving the image of the destination; seizing investment opportunities in attractions and hotels based on market intelligence and an understanding of life cycles; and seizing opportunities in "niche" tourism such as medical tourism, spa tourism, Antarctic and Arctic tourism, gay tourism and space tourism. This is the first conference on tourism and hospitality to be held in Qatar under the patronage of the Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior His Excellency Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani. The conference is a significant point in time in the nation's socio-economic development and growth.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically verify whether the development of improved relationships between higher education institutions (HEIs) and their stakeholders based on the principles of stakeholder theory creates more value. The authors test these hypotheses by assessing the perceptions of top managers of HEIs in Brazil regarding the dynamics of the relationships between the organizations and their stakeholders and the value that these relationships provide. The data were collected through an online survey and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS). The results show that the following principles of stakeholder theory create more value for HEIs: the active involvement of stakeholders in the decision-making process; the exchange of information about stakeholders' demands and preferences; the development of a relationship of mutual trust between stakeholders and the organization; and the inclusion of stakeholders' interests in the strategic planning process. This paper presents at least three different contributions. Theoretically, the main contribution is to propose that the implementation of the principles of stakeholder management creates more value for organizations in the context of HEIs, thus advancing strategic management studies in this field. The second contribution lies in providing practitioners and managers of educational institutions insights for the improvement of relationships and involvement with their stakeholders. Finally, the work presents a social contribution by evidencing the importance of the development of best practices, processes and strategies in the management of higher education institutions, which are important actors in the social development of society.
Using neo-institutional theory, this study examines the complexity of the relationship between corporate social responsibility (CSR) and financial performance (FP) and analyzes the institutional factors that cause the complex relationship between the two variables. This study maps 55 studies on the relationship between CSR and FP using the data from 1998 to 2017. Country characteristics, forms and dimensions of CSR, CSR measurements and FP measurements are used to explain the complexity of the relationship. The results of the analysis prove a positive relationship between CSR and FP, but the relationship is very heterogeneous, which indicates the complexity of the relations between the two variables. Country characteristics, forms and dimensions of CSR, CSR measurements and FP measurements explain the complex relationship of the CSR-FP relationship. This study contributes to the literature by providing a multisetting analysis of the relationship between CSR and FP using neo-institutional theory. The results of the meta-analysis reveal that aggregately CSR improves FP. The conclusion from this multisetter analysis has broad generalization power and is best used while making corporate strategies to improve FP.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the Royal Malaysian Custom (RMC), established as enforcement agency by the government, prevent Goods and Services Tax (GST) frauds. This study used a qualitative case study approach. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants from the Royal Malaysian Custom (RMC) in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the grounded theory approach. The findings of this study reveal that the RMC has developed a broad prevention strategy to prevent GST fraud. The prevention strategy is based on three main areas: prevention of fraud, prevention of non-compliance and prevention of tax evasion. This study also reveals the measures used to deter non-compliant businesses from fraud. This paper provides knowledge pertaining to service tax, particularly GST, where it explains the preventive measures. The integration of GST fraud prevention is the first line of defence towards sustainable businesses. GST prevention strategies help mitigate fraud and ensure business cost-effectiveness. Considering the significant of GST in many countries, particularly in Asia, it is pertinent for studies to be conducted to investigate the detrimental effect (such as fraud) towards sustainable business and economy growth.
In Pernyataan Standar Akuntansi Keuangan (PSAK) 55, the concept of impairment used an incurred loss model wherein the recognition of credit loss allowances was triggered by loss events subsequent to origination. For impairment information, historical data (past due information) and future macroeconomic predictions (forward-looking macroeconomic information) were used. In PSAK 71 or the Indonesian Financial Accounting Standards 71, impairment in financial instruments is no longer carried out based on incurred loss models but based on expected credit loss (ECL). As the new IFRS 9 impairment model requires impairment allowances for all exposures from the time a loan is originated, based on the deterioration of credit risk since initial recognition, the assessment ofcredit risk and the estimation of ECL in PSAk 71 must reflect an unbiased evaluation of a range of possible outcomes and their probabilities of occurrence including discounting for the time value of money, reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort The proposed impairment loss allowance model of PSAK 71 is based on expected credit loss (ECL) model. The proposed model was tested using a sample of Indonesian banks' impairment loss allowances for the period from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018. The results show that impairment loss allowance model in PSAK 71 is based on expected credit loss (ECL) for all exposures from the time a loan is originated, based on the deterioration of credit risk since initial recognition, and based on an unbiased evaluation of a range of possible outcomes and their probabilities of occurrence including discounting for the time value of money, reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date and forecasts of future economic conditions. This study is the first to propose a new impairment loss allowance model in PSAK 71. The proposed model is based on ECLs, which is an alternative to the incurred loss model.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the financial well-being (FWB) of Malaysian households using the Malaysian Family Well-being Index (MFWBI) as a subjective measure of FWB. This study uses a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a sample of 1,000 Malaysian households. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The results show that the Malaysian Family Well-being Index (MFWBI) is a reliable and valid measure of FWB for Malaysian households. The results also reveal that the MFWBI is a valid and reliable measure of family well-being for both low-income and middle-income households. However, the results also show that there is a significant difference in the FWB scores between the two income groups. This study is one of the first to explore the FWB construct in the context of Malaysian households. It is believed that this study will contribute to the existing literature on FWB by providing a more comprehensive and reliable measure of FWB among Malaysian households, which can be used by policymakers to improve the state of well-being of households.
The purpose of this study is to investigate how role clarity and learning goal orientation interact to influence employee customer orientation. Data were collected from a cross-sectional survey of employees working in service industries in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that role clarity and learning goal orientation exert an interactive effect on customer orientation. Specifically, role clarity is positively related to customer orientation, and the interactive effect is stronger for employees with higher learning goal orientations than for those with lower levels of role clarity. This study makes an important contribution in explaining how employee-related characteristics may affect customer orientation. It not only replicates earlier studies that separately showed relationships of role clarity and learning goal orientation with customer orientation but also demonstrates that role clarity is a general advantage for customer orientation and that learning goal orientations exert an interactive effect with role clarity. The knowledge of how role clarity interacts with learning goal Orientation will lead to directly applicable recommendations for selecting and managing customer service employees.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of auditor characteristics on the tax avoidance of Iranian companies. In particular, this paper aims to investigate whether the length of the auditor-client relationship as well as the auditor industry specialization can have a deterrent role for tax avoidance activities in an inflationary economy like Iran. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach. The results show that the length of the auditor-client relationship as well as the auditor industry specialization can have a deterrent role for tax avoidance activities in an inflationary economy like Iran; or, because of the different characteristics of the Iranian audit market, they may have adverse consequences. This is the first study to investigate the effect of auditor characteristics on tax avoidance of Iranian companies in the context of the Iranian audit market.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of board size, philanthropy and working capital management between basic corporate governance (CG) factors and firm's performance. The data were collected from the top 100 companies listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period of 2010-2012. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique. The results of the study show that board size, philanthropy and working capital management have a positive and significant impact on the firm's performance. The results also show that there is no significant relationship between board size and firm performance. However, there is significant impact of board size on firm performance through the mediating role of philanthropy. - This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to study the impact of board size, philanthropy and working capital management on the firm's performance.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique on understanding the place image of Danang - the livable city of Vietnam in the minds of students. This study applies the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique (Zaltman's metaphor) to explore the place brand image of Danang, the livable city of Vietnam, in the minds of students. The sample of this study is drawn from the students of a university in Danang. The results show that the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique is a useful tool for understanding the place image of Danang as a livable city in the minds of students. Besides, the results reveal that Danang is perceived as a lively and dynamic city by the students. This study is the first attempt to apply the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique on understanding the place image of Danang, the livable city of Vietnam in the minds of students. Besides, this study is one of the first attempts to apply Zaltmans' metaphor in a Vietnamese context.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of household characteristics on Vietnamese household saving rates by means of quantile regression. In order to take into account the possible heterogeneity of household saving propensities, the authors applied quantile regression as an alternative for ordinary least squares (OLS) regression. In line with economic theory, the authors found that households in low quantiles of the household saving rate distribution have higher marginalities to save than households in high quantiles. This holds for both urban and rural households. The authors also found that the saving behaviours of rural and urban households are heterogeneous. The most important result from the quantile regression approach is that many household characteristics appear to have stronger effects on the saving rate at low quantile. The results may contribute to the formulation and implementation of suitable policies with regard to household savings, and therefore to the promotion of economic growth and socioeconomic development in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between diversification strategy and firms' value in an emerging economy, namely Indonesia. This study also examines the role of growth opportunity as an endogeneity factor in determining this relationship. This study uses a panel data set of Indonesian listed companies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The sample consists of 1,812 firms from the Indonesian Stock Exchange (ISE) 500 index. The data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach. The results indicate that diversification strategy has a positive effect on firms' value. However, the relationship between diversification and firm value is still inconclusive after controlling for several endogeneity factors. The results also indicate that firms with multiple segments experienced lower growth opportunities than single-segment companies. Furthermore, the effect of diversification on firm's value is stronger for firms with high growth opportunities. This study contributes to the literature by examining the relationship between diversification strategy and firm value in the context of an emerging economy, namely Indonesia, which is potentially an interesting case study for developing economies, which shares most of the characteristics of a typical emerging market. Furthermore, this study is the first to examine the role of growth opportunity in determining the diversification-firm value relationship in emerging economy.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch from the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) to the Main Board (MB). Using an event study approach, the authors investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch. The results show that market reactions to the switch announcement depend on the liquidity of GEM firms. Firms with high liquidity have no significant market reaction around the announcement. However, firms with low liquidity experience a much larger positive market reaction. The results also show that the switch is accompanied by a long-term increase in stock price only for low liquidity firms. High liquidity firms underperform with persistent negative excess returns after moving to the MB, while low Liquidity firms reverse the transient negative excess return gradually. Furthermore, the results further show a significant increase in trading activity following the switch for low- liquidity firms, while there is a significant decline in both trading activity and liquidity in firms with high-liquidity. This study is the first to investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch. The results show that market reactions to the switch announcement depend on the liquidity of GEM firms. High liquidity firms have no significant market reaction around the announcement. On the contrary, low liquidity firms experience a much larger positive market reaction.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how selected corporate governance attributes such as audit and board committee attributes impact the level of earnings management in selected Sri Lankan quoted entities. Data were collected from the annual reports of selected Sri Lankan quoted entities for the period of 2011-2016. The data were analysed using the regression analysis method. The results of descriptive statistics indicated that most of the features of the selected board characteristics have at least complied with the stipulated baseline level of corporate governance best practises in the selected companies. Further, consistent statistical results in terms of CEO-Chairman duality have affected the level of earnings management in selected Sri Lankan quoted entities. Findings support the notion that a single figurehead both CEO and chairman positions can lead to better earnings management practices in Sri Lanka listed entities. The common conception is that segregation of duties is an effective internal control mechanism. However, this study shows a positive relationship between CEO-chairmen duality and earnings management. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between selected corporate governance attributes and earnings management practices in Sri Lankan quoted entities. The findings of this study will be useful to regulators, regulators and investors in Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficiency evolution of the growth enterprise market (GEM) in Hong Kong and its role in closing the credit gap in small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the Hong Kong stock market. This study uses a time-series approach to examine the efficiency evolution of the GEM over the period of 1999-2016. This study also uses a long-term memory approach to estimate the long memory in return and volatility of the stock market efficiency. The results show that the efficiency of the GEM market has improved significantly over the period of time, and it exhibits a long memory in return and volatility. Furthermore, the long memory of the market efficiency is found to be a significant determinant of the long-term stability of the stock market in Hong Kong. This study is one of the first to examine the efficiency evolution of the GEM and its long-term memory in return and volatility in Hong Kong's SME stock market. Furthermore, this study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the long memory of SME equity market efficiency in the context of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange's GEM.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the causal linkage between electricity consumption and gross domestic product (GDP) in Bangladesh along with two control variables (per capita government spending and trade openness) to comprehend the source and direction of conceivable causal connection between them. A vector error-correction model (VECM) based Granger causality test was employed to analyze the relationship; the F- and t-tests are carried out to gauge the joint significance levels of causality between the electricity consumption and GDP. The sensitivity of the long-run estimates is verified by employing three alternative estimators. The ARDL bounds test approach is employed to assess the robustness of the results. The results reveal unidirectional short-run causal relationship running between per capita electricity consumption and per capita GDP, whereas bidirectional long-run and joint causal relationship also exists between each other. Cointegration test result establishes the presence of long- run equilibrium relation between PCEC and PCGDP series. Moreover, the robustness of the long run result is verified by other alternative estimators. This study is the first of its kind to examine the long-run relationship between electricity consumption and GDP with any control variable (considering the combined effects of public spending and trade openness on GDP and electricity consumption) along with their short-run, long- run and joint causal relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the existence of herding behaviour of Chinese A- and B-share markets by applying Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese stock market. This paper applies Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese A- and B-share markets for a comparative discussion. In particular, the authors adopt Bikhchandani and Sharma's (2000) hypotheses and test whether investors herd on fundamentals or non-fundamentals by using leading stocks' data in the USA and the UK. In addition, this paper additionally examines herding during unique Chinese financial situations, such as A-share Crash. The results show that herding behaviour of Chinese A- and B-share markets is similar to Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory, which focusses on the US and UK stock markets. However, during unique financial situations, such as the A-share Crash of 2008, investors herd on fundamentals more than non-fundamentals. In addition, there is a spill-over effect of size and book-to-market ratio on Chinese stock market herding. This paper is the first attempt to apply Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese A- and B-share markets for a discussion on herding.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the fiscal sustainability of public finances in the Asia-Pacific region in recent years. If the ratios of public debt over GDP and primary deficit over GDP continue to rise, can the governments maintain the sustainability of the government budget in the long-run? The authors use a panel correlated common effect model to examine the fiscal sustainability in the Asia-Pacific region in the long-run. The authors use the panel data from the World Development Indicators (WDI) for the period 2000-2017. The authors find that the problem of unsustainability can occur at low levels of public debt in the Asia-Pacific region. This result relates directly to the notion of debt-intolerant countries (Reinhart et al., 2003). These economies would have lower debt thresholds because of weak fiscal structures and financial systems. Another contribution relates to the fact that, for cross-section dependence, the findings challenge the previous results of previous literature. This paper contributes to the literature by showing that the problem of unsustainability can occur at low levels of public debt in the Asia-Pacific region. This result relates directly to the notion of debt-intolerant countries. These economies would have lower debt thresholds because of weak fiscal structures and financial systems. Another contribution relates to the fact that, for cross-section dependence, the findings challenge the previous results of previous literature, for instance, Thornton and Adedji (2010) and Adams et al. (2010).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies by deploying the efficient dynamic panel data generalized panel data estimation techniques. The study employs the efficient dynamic dynamic panel data generalized method of moment (GMM) estimation techniques to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies. The study documents a significant positive relationship between FDI and financial development in the selected African economies. Also, external debt stock positively influences financial development. Furthermore, the study reported a significant relationship between financial development and financial leverage ratio (RL). Furthermore, it was found that financial development has a positive and significant effect on financial leverage. The study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies by deploying the efficient dynamic panel data method of GMM estimation techniques.
The purpose of this paper is to detect, describe, point out and provide understanding regarding the essence of buyer responses on the channel capability in the decision-making process of buying a new product. The objective of this research is also to describe and point out the effectiveness of the product innovation in accordance to channel capability and the competitive environments. This research is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a case study in the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) industry in Indonesia. The sample of this research is composed of the buyers of new products in the Indonesian FMCG industry. The research method used in this study is qualitative research. In this research, the data collection method used is semi-structured interviews. The findings revealed the following facts: buyers perform detection on their capability aspects by estimating the internal economic environment factor on the economic situation of the warehouse space, shelf space and customer coverage based on the external environment factors of level of demand aspects; and buyers perform Detection on the internal environment factor related to the competition and display of new product demand as a new perspective in the product strategy in the marketing mix. The findings of this research are consistent with some other research projects of Trihatmoko et al. (2016a, b, b) such as business-to-business transactional (B2B) between distributor and traditional market wholesaler in Indonesia. The B2B between the wholesalers and distributors was revealed in the transaction of buying-selling of new product.
The term "agent-based modelling" is become a buzzword widely used in the scientific literature though it refers to a variety of methodologies that are in different disciplinary contexts. This profusion of works dealing with ABM requires a clarification in order to understand better the lines of thinking paved by this computational approach. This paper aims at clarifying the different uses of ABM to characterize the evolution of economic systems. After a quick historical introduction on the ABM, this paper presents four ways of implementing an agent-based framework to describe economic systems. Modelling a complex phenomenon is a means of knowledge implying that the epistemic function of the modelling task can vary to some degree from disciplinary context to another. This paper shows that the different uses of ABM for describing economic systems refer to different ways of thinking the role of the modeling task. This paper shows that the different uses of agent-based technique for describing economic systems also refer to different ways of thinking the role of the modelling task. Modelling a complex phenomenon is a means of knowledge implying that the epistemic function of the modeling task can vary to some degree from disciplinary context to another. Four categories of works have been mentioned in this paper: a deductive approach: the rational ABM; an abductive approach; a metaphorical approach; the bottom-up agent- based econophysics; and a phenomenological approach. This paper clarifies the different uses of ABM to characterize the evolution of economic systems. This methodological categorization will highlight the major epistemological differences between these ways of modelling.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the asymmetric effects of service attributes on ecotourists' satisfaction and dissatisfaction. It also investigates the linear relationship between service quality attributes and satisfaction as implicitly assumed in many studies adopting SERVQUAL and ECOSERV. A questionnaire survey was conducted among ecotourists in Vietnam's national parks. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results confirm the multifactor structure of customer satisfaction. Attributes whose high quality has strong influences on customer satisfaction do not necessarily cause dissatisfaction when failing to meet customers' expectations. Similarly, attributes whose performances are proportionate to customers' satisfaction (one-dimensional) or unremarkable to them (indifferent) are also revealed in the study. The study enriches and contributes to the available literature on ecotourism service quality by proposing a modified model of ECOSERV which incorporates the social and experiential aspects of the ecot tourism service experience. Five further dimensions of the scale, including price-quality, relaxation feelings, interaction with nature, interactions with other customers and interaction with the locals, have been proposed.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks of cryptocurrency that may happen. This study analyzes the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks that may happen. There are seven requirements related to the nature of money, which are intrinsic value, divisible, homogoneus, durable, mobile, rare and stable value; cryptocurrency has the same characteristics as fiat currency that fulfills six of the seven requirements. Both of them do not have intrinsic value. Thus, Bitcoin is acceptable as money. From the legal perspective, terms of currency are referred to unit of account and medium of exchange that are issued and exclusively dominated by monetary authorities (or central bank) and associated the power of sovereignty wherein the value and the credibility of a country's currency are linked with the country's ability to support the currency. In terms of economic perspective, cryptocurrency does not meet the criteria as currency. From Sharia perspective, it can be considered as mal (property) due to desirability and storability, but it cannot be considered thamaniyyah (monetary value), since it still needs the value of fiat currency to have value. This study is the first of its kind to analyze the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks of cryptocurrency that may happen.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate empirically impacts of monetary policy shocks on the exchange rate (RX) in Vietnam over the period 2008-2018. The analysis of impacts of the MP on the RX in Vietnam is based on two models. The first model analyses impacts of money aggregate shocks on the exchange rate (RX), and the second model analyses the reaction of the RX to interest rate shocks. The recursive restriction method is applied in the first model to quantify effects of the broad money M2 on the REER, and the (zero) contemporaneous restrictions and sign restrictions are applied to quantify the effects of OMO interest rate on the interest rate. The paper uses Vector Autoregression to build up two specific models. The results of both models reveal that the MP, including money aggregate and interest rate, affects the RX in Vietnam considerably. The first model, which uses the recursive restriction method, shows that money aggregate shocks have a significant effect on the RX. This is consistent with Dornbusch's (1976) overshooting hypothesis. The other model analyses the reaction of the RX to interest rate shocks. RX puzzles appear when the recursive restrictions method is applied. However, they disappears when the sign restriction method is used. The paper is far different from the existing studies in Vietnam. First, it focuses on impacts of the MP on the RX in which the RX is the sole objective of analysis. Second, it uses both the monetary aggregate and the interest rate as proxy for the MP in the paper.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of national governance quality (GQ) and foreign direct investment (FDI) on entrepreneurship in emerging markets (EMs). Specifically, the authors distinguish between opportunity- and necessity-motivated entrepreneurship, and explore the moderating effects of GQ on the relationship between inward and outward FDI and entrepreneurship. The study uses the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) data for a large-scale sample of EMs for the period from 2000 to 2014. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to test the proposed hypotheses. The authors find that the quality of national governance infrastructure plays its role in the entrepreneurial activity through both inward and outward FDI channels through the creation of new firms by opportunity- and necessity-motivated entrepreneurs. In particular, the authors show that inward FDI has a positive impact on opportunity entrepreneurial activity (OEA) and necessity entrepreneurial activity, while outward F DI has a negative impact on OEA. The authors also find that GQ has a moderating effect on the relationship between inward and outflows of FDI and entrepreneurship in terms of OEA and NEA. This study is the first attempt to investigate the linkages between institutions, FDI and entrepreneurship in an as-large-as-possible sample of EMs through a consolidated systematic approach using the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) data.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between transformational leadership (TFL), customer citizenship behavior (CCB), employee intrinsic motivation (IM) and employee creativity (EC) in the context of Vietnam's hospitality and tourism industry. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from a convenience sample of hotel employees in Vietnam. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results indicate that TFL is positively related to EC, and IM mediates the relationship between TFL and EC. IM is also found to be a significant mediator of the TFL-EC relationship. In addition, the results show that EC is positively and significantly related to customer citizenship behavior. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between TFL, IM and EC in the context of Vietnam's hospitality and tourism industry. The findings of this study contribute to the literature by demonstrating that TFL has a positive effect on EC and that IM mediates this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between dividend policy and earnings quality in Vietnam, which is a frontier market. To capture dividend policy, both dummy and continuous variables are used. Specifically, dividend paying status, dividend yield and dividend payout ratio are used as independent variables. In addition, other factors that may affect the earnings quality including earnings quality of the previous year, firm performance, growth, firm size, firm age and financial leverage are also controlled. In this paper, the annual firm-specific absolute value of residuals from Dechow and Dichev's (2002) model and from DeChow andDichev (2002), as modified by McNichols's ( 2002) model are two measures of earnings quality. Based on the sample of the firms listed on Vietnam stock exchange during the period between 2010 and 2016, this paper finds the positive relation between dividend policy and earnings quality. This means that dividend payers have higher earnings quality than that of dividend non-payers. This empirical evidence indicates that dividends are informative about earnings quality in Vietnam. This paper contributes to the literature on the relation between dividend policy and earnings quality by providing empirical evidence on this relation from a frontier market in which the earnings quality is not high and thus dividends can deliver more significant information about earnings quality.
The purpose of this paper is to incorporate risk into measuring technical efficiency of banking institutions in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) alliance. The authors have evidences that efficiency is specious and biased if risk is disregarded. In this paper, risk is incorporated into risk measurement by DDF and SEMSFA under two frameworks of parametric (Stochastic Frontier Analysis (SFA)) and semi-parametric estimation of stochastic frontier models (SEMSFA). The authors find out that the performance of banks in Vietnam and their peers in ASEAN countries is significantly better than that of their counterparts in the USA and the UK. The authors also find that the efficiency of Vietnam's banks is significantly higher than their peers' efficiency levels. However, this difference is not significant when the authors incorporate risk into the efficiency analysis. This paper is the first attempt to incorporate risk into measuring technical efficiency of banking institutions in the ASEAN alliance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of Goods and Service Tax (GST) pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index. The study also examines the impact of the announcement of GST on market volatility. This study uses a two-stage least squares (2SLS) approach to examine the effect of the GST pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index. The results reveal that the pre- and post-announcement volatility of the Malaysian stock market index is significantly higher than that of the non-GST period. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference between the two phases of the GST implementation, that is, announcement and implementation phase. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of GST pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index. This study is also one of the few studies that examines the impact of GST announcement on the market volatility.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between some features of Iranian corporations and the level of corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosure in the annual reports of listed companies on the Tehran Stock Exchange. Data were collected from 125 companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) during the period of 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) approach. The results of the study show that the level of CSR disclosure in annual reports of listed companies on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) is significantly higher than that of the non-listed companies. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the level and content of environmental disclosure and the presence of auditors in the annual reports. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the association between some characteristics of corporations and some audit variables with the level of CSR disclosure in a developing country called Iran. In addition, this study is also the first to examine the relationship between some features of Iranian corporations and their level of environmental disclosure.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of foreign direct investment (FDI) in Ghana. FDI refers to the monetary resources foreigners invest in companies listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange (GSE). The study used a panel data approach to analyze the determinants of FDI in Ghana. The data were collected from the Ghana Stock Exchange (GSE) and the World Bank's database for the period 2000-2009. The study used the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to estimate the model. The GMM method was used to determine the relative importance of the factors affecting FDI. The results of the study indicated that the most dominant determinants of FDI in Ghana were market growth, real exchange rates, effective market market size and openness of the economy. The results also indicated that there is a significant positive relationship between the quality of institutions and FDI. This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of FDI in the Ghanaian economy. The findings of the study will be useful to policy makers, investors and other stakeholders in the economy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings in the presence of high and low cash regimes from the optimal or target level of cash in the context of financial constraints. The authors use a panel data set of Pakistani firms for the period of 1995-2014. The authors estimate the asymmetric targeting of cash holdings using the generalized method of moments (GMM). The authors also estimate the adjustment rate of cash to the optimal level of cash in the presence of high and low cash regimes. The results of the study show that firms tend to adjust their cash holdings to the optimal level in the presence of high and low cash regimes. Moreover, the authors find that firms with different organizational hierarchies hold a different amount of cash. The authors also find that high- and low-cash regimes lead to asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings. The results also show that the firm's cash holding behavior is affected by financial constraints. This study is the first of its kind to examine the asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings and financial constraints in the context of Pakistani firms. The findings of this study will be useful for both academicians and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the contingent roles of perceived budget fairness, budget goal commitment and vertical information sharing in driving employees' work performance in the context of Vietnam. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in Vietnam. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. Vertical information sharing and budget goal commitment were found to mediate the relationship between employees' budgetary participation and their work performance. Perceived budget fairness was found to moderate the positive effect of budgetary participation on vertical information sharing. In addition, the higher employees perceive the level of budget fairness, the more budgetary participation is related to vertical information-sharing and budget-goal commitment. This study extends the existent literature by examining vertical information sharing and budget goal commitment as concurrently potential mediators that connect budgetary participation to enhanced work performance. These two mediators, respectively, capture cognitive-informational and motivational paths that were mostly examined separately and independently in prior research. In integrating the two mediator in one framework, the study provides insights into the relative roles of vertical information-sharing and budget-goal-commitment in impacting employees' work performance in an emerging market context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the reasons behind the recent surge in India's current account deficit (CAD), how it is financed and the risks associated with a high CAD in India. Econometric analysis using Granger non-causality test, Johansen cointegration test and unit root test is used to examine the long-run sustainability of India's CAD. Results from econometric analysis revealed that India's current account deficit is driven by fiscal deficit, trade, inflation, real deposit rate, real interest rate and age dependency factor. Granger non-causality test result suggests that capital inflows in the post-liberalisation period are driving CADs rather than the opposite side. The empirical results using unit root tests and Johansen cointegration test provide the evidence of the sustainability of India's CAD in long run. This paper is the first attempt to examine the CAD from a time series perspective. It is also one of the first attempts to understand the sources of the CAD and its financing in India. The findings of this paper will help policy makers to take appropriate policies to keep CAD at a sustainable level.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run and short-run effect of support price on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL-ECM approach. The ARDL approach proposed by Pesaran et al. (2001) is used to examine the long-run and short-run effect of support price on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL-ECM approach. The order of integration of the study variables is tested by employing ADF and PP unit root tests. The ARDL bounds testing approach to cointegration is adopted at 1 and 5 percent of significance levels. The results reveal that the elasticities of area under cultivation, support price and fertilizer consumption toward wheat production were positively and statistically significant in both the long-run and the short-run periods. Furthermore, through timely announcement of support price, being guaranteed minimum price sustained for wheat planting season before the beginning of the season, one can ensure that the production of wheat can be obtained in order to meet the increasing demand of the consumers at different levels like local, national and international. This empirical study differs from earlier studies by attempting to examine the effect of support price and non-price factors on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL approach and to suggest policy guidelines for high wheatProduction in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the efficiency of Jordan insurance companies and its determinants using data envelopment analysis (DEA), slacks-based and logit models. The study uses panel data for 22 insurance companies operating in Jordan, where the technical efficiency and factor that appear to affect its efficiency were estimated by utilizing data envelopment analysis (DEA), slacks-based and logit models. The study finds that there is a slight development of technical efficiency for the Jordanian insurance companies during the study period. The results also showed that owners' equity is among the most important internal determinants of companies' efficiency, followed by technical provisions and operating expenses. The external determinants identified by the logit model support that there are a significant correlation between type, size and return on assets of the insurer and its efficiency. This study provides insurance management with a relevant indicator that would guide them to make efficient use of the resource base. This study also covers the period following the adoption of the insurance law and the issuance of most of the legislation related to the work of insurance companies.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and examine a model of both promotion and barrier factors affecting the intention to adopt mobile shopping in an emerging country like Vietnam. A survey was conducted to collect data from Vietnamese consumers. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed model and hypotheses. The results show that both promotion and barrier factors affect the intention to adopt mobile shopping, with perceived risk/perceived cost as a barrier and trust/self-efficacy as a promotional factor. The results also show that the proposed model is a good fit to the data, with the explanatory power of the extended TRA model. The study contributes to the body of literature by providing greater explanatory power for investigating the question of why consumers decide to use mobile shopping in Vietnam. This research is conducted in response to the need to extend TRA with additional promotion and barrier constructs to answer the frequently asked question as to what factors affect consumers' intention to shop online in a new context (i.e. mobile shopping).
The purpose of this paper is to map the role of designers in innovation and design management literature. The author identifies five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the roles of designers, and the ontology, essence, metaphysics and metaphysics are delineated. The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on the role of designers in innovation and design management. The literature review was carried out by analysing the preferred methodology in the papers belonging to five perspectives, and the ontology, essence, metaphysics, and metaphysics delineated. The author has identified five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the role of designers in the innovation process. The ontology, essence, metaphysics and metaphysics have been delineated, and a map of the field of on the roles of designers has been proposed. This paper is one of the first systematic reviews of the role of designers in innovation and design management literature. It identifies five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the roles of designers.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impacts of human resource management (HRM) practices on firm outcomes using Vietnamese small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) data. The current paper employs a fixed-effects framework to estimate the effects of HRM practices on firm outcomes using a panel sample of Vietnamese small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) data. The authors find the significantly robust results of positive impacts of training per capita and per capita HRM spending on a firm's performance. The authors also find significant differences in the effects of some HRM practices that include training (measured by binary and binary incentive measure) and training days (measure of training days). This study provides firm-level evidence on the empirical literature of HRM practice impacts in Vietnam and developing nations as well. Vietnam is a transition economy with the transformations from many economic activities including business functions inside organization toward modern international standards. Firms' applications and adoptions of contemporary people management measures especially from the West become a discernible trend in the context of growing globalization of Vietnam's economy. SMEs are dominant and essential subjects within the Vietnamese economy. Given SMEs' contributions, understanding management-related practices including HRM actions of SMEs, therefore, provides more efficient evidence-based policies for pro-growth and the pro-poor strategies in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the simultaneous relationship among ownership concentration, innovation and firm performance of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Vietnam from 2011 to 2015. By applying Conditional Mixed Process (CMP) method, this study examines the simultaneous relationship among ownership concentration, innovation and firm performance of the SMEs in Vietnam from 2011 to 2015. The findings indicate that: there is no impact of ownership concentration on innovation, but it has a positive impact on sales growth; innovation positively affects firm performance; and there exists a positively reverse causality from sales growth to innovation. This study makes some contribution to the literature on corporate innovation in three aspects. First, there are few studies on the relationship among three agents: innovation, firm performance and ownership concentration; therefore, this study is one of the few focusing extensively on this issue. Second, the study is also the first in this research direction in the context of a developing country, particularly Vietnam, which will possibly enrich the literature of the heterogeneity of innovation activities in developing nations compared to developed ones. Third, with regard to research method, the paper makes a major contribution by using Conditional Mixed Process (CMP) model. The advantage of CMP model is that it includes "Mixed process" which suggests that the types of dependent variables can vary in different equations, giving more flexibility in model specification.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the possible impact of fiscal policy on the saving behavior of emerging Asian economies, whether fiscal policy help to promote the saving rate or put a pressure on it. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the nonlinear effects of fiscal policy on national saving. The authors use a panel data set of 11 emerging Asian economies for the period 1997-2014. The results show that there is a nonlinear relationship between fiscal policy and national saving. In particular, the authors find that fiscal policy has a positive and significant impact on national saving after the global financial crisis of 2008. However, there is no evidence of an expansionary or contractionary impact of fiscal policy after the crisis. This is the first study to examine the nonlinear effects of fiscal policy on national saving in emerging Asian economies. The findings of this study would help policy makers in the region prepare for the restructuring process in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to assess both short- and long-term influences of public investment on economic growth and test the hypothesis that whether public investment promotes or demotes private investment in Vietnam. This research uses ARDL model to study the effects of public investment on Vietnam's economic growth and private investment in both short and long terms during the period of 1990-2016. The findings indicate that public investment in Vietnam in the past period does affect economic growth in an inverted-U shape effect as of Barro (1990), with positive effects mostly occurring from the second year and negative effects in the long run. Similarly, public investment also has a similar influence pattern on private investment, boosting in the short term but crowding-out in the longer term. This implies that when the economy needs investment environment to attract private investment to attract public investment, the role of public investment is reduced due to the coefficient of negative impact. Therefore, it is significantly necessary to have a reasonable threshold of the public investment. This paper is one of the first attempts to study the impacts of public investment on economic growth and private investment in Vietnam in the context of medium-term policy of 2016-2020.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the performance implications of the interaction between market orientation (MO) and management accounting system (MAS) use in terms of broad scope, timeliness, aggregation, integration, and integration on firm performance. The moderating role of accountants' participation in strategic decision making in fostering the use of MAS is also examined. The study is based on survey data collected from a sample of 1,000 firms in Slovenia. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that MO has a positive effect on the use of MAS in terms of broad scope, timeliness, aggregation, and integration. Accountants' participation in strategic decision making moderates the relationship between MO and MAS use. In other words, the MO-MAS-performance link is stronger when accountants are actively involved in strategic decisions. This study adds to the literature by challenging the view of Cadez and Guilding (2008) by challenging that rather than influencing the use of MAS information directly, accountants' participation in strategic decision making can moderate the relationship between MO and the usage of MAS. In other words, the interaction between MO-MAS-performance link can provide managers of market-oriented firms with implications on how to develop and sustain competitive advantages via different dimensions of MAS use.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of fiscal policy on economic growth under the relationships with the changes in the institutions and the burdens of external debt. The authors first examine the impacts of fiscal policy on economic growth through the modified model of endogenous growth theory by incorporating government expenditure and controlling other common drivers of economic growth including capital, labor, financial development, technology, and economic openness (trade and capital flows). Then, the institutional factors including government effectiveness, regulatory quality, and control of corruption are incorporated, respectively, to test the impact of institutions on the economic growth. Next, the authors use the interaction terms between government expenditures and institutions to examine the effectiveness of Fiscal Policy under the associations of institutional framework. The authors then estimate the growth model with the explanatory variables including both external debt level to GNI and its square to examined the non-linear relationship between external debt and economic growth and divide the data into two sub-samples (the low indebted countries and high indebted countries). The results find significant evidences that the institutions enhance the effectiveness of fiscal policy. Notable, the external debt level presents the non-linear relationship with economic growth through the mechanism that the fiscal policy has the heterogeneous effects on economic growth: the crowding-out effect in low indebted countries and crowding in effect in high indebted countries. This study contributes to the literature of fiscal policy effectiveness and fiscal indebtedness by adding the effects of government expenditures under the external debt level and the associations with institutional quality. This study has significant implications for the authorizers in line with borrowing policy and the solutions for the long-term sustainable fiscal policy.
The purpose of this paper is to use the stakeholder view to examine the influence of independent directors on firm's corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosure in the context of Japan and the USA. The study uses pooled cross-sectional data related to multiple industries for an investigation of how independent directors impact firm's CSR disclosure, in both environmental and social aspects. The sample consists of 1,000 Japanese and US large companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) over the period of 2010-2014. The results show a significant relationship between the proportion of independent board members and CSR disclosure in the Japanese context, but remain inconclusive in the USA. The effect of having independent members on the board is conditioned by the shareholder orientation of the corporate governance (CG) system in Japan and the US. Japanese independent directors have a significant influence on the disclosure of CSR in both environmental and social aspects. The paper is, to some extent, the response to the call for more research on the importance of informal governance mechanisms (Stafsudd, 2009; Filatotchev and Nakajima, 2010) and for cross-cultural studies to capture the context sensitivities of corporate governance and CSR.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the unique link between derivatives use and exposures to country risks, exchange rate risks and interest rate risks by comparing domestic firms, domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) and affiliates of foreign MNCs. The authors use a new hand-collected data set of the derivatives use of 881 non-financial firms from 8 East Asian countries for the period from 2003-2013. The authors use panel data regression analysis to examine the link between derivatives use and exposures. The use of financial derivatives by domestic firms and domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) significantly contributes to a reduction in the exposure to home country risks by 1091 and 1442 percent per 1 percent increase in derivative holdings, respectively. Domestic MNCs using foreign currency and interest rate derivatives experience declines in exposures to exchange rate risks (12.12 percent and 14.42 percent, respectively), while foreign affiliates experience increases in exposure to interest rate risks. The authors also find the outperformance of domestic M NCs in mitigating exposures compared to domestic firms, foreign affiliates and other firms. This study is the first to examine the link between derivatives use and exposures on the comparison of three types of firms (domestic firms, domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) and domestic MNCs and foreign affiliates) with a new hand-collected data set of the derivatives use of 881 non-financial firms from 8 East Asian countries for the period from 2003-2013.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically investigate whether Chinese corporations conform to the pecking order theory once non-tradable shares (NTS) are revoked during the 2005-2007 NTS Reform period. The authors apply Bharath et al.'s (2009) techniques to investigate how information asymmetry affects the new debt issuances of Chinese listed firms in the years 2005 to 2007 NTS Reform transition period. The authors apply a rigorous measure of information asymmetric based on microstructure models. The authors find that Chinese firms, for which stock investors are more adversely affected by informational disadvantages, are associated with higher debt usage. This is consistent with the pecking order theory and in contrast to the findings of previous studies. This study is the first to apply Bharath et al.'s (2009) microstructure model to test the pecking order theory in the context of the NTS Reform period in China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how differences in the credit channel affect investment behavior in the US and the Euro area. The authors follow the work of Dorofeenko et al. (2008) and model time-varying uncertainty as a mean-preserving spread in the distribution of the technology shocks affecting capital production and explore how changes in uncertainty affect equilibrium characteristics and economic performance. This setting is useful for three reasons: first, the impact of uncertainty on investment via the lending channel is fairly transparent so that economic intuition is enhanced. Second, the equilibrium condition of investment is the major source of changes in US macroeconomic variables' volatility. Third, the authors compare the US and the Euro area for the analysis as these two economies exhibit similar business cycle patterns but are quite different in financial structures. The empirical results indicate that differences in financial structures quantitatively affect the cyclical behavior in the two areas: the magnitude of the credit channel effects is amplified by the differences in the financial structures. The authors further demonstrate that the effects of minor differences in credit market may translate into large, persistent and asymmetric fluctuations in both real (output, consumption and investment) and financial variables (price of capital, bankruptcy rate and risk premium). This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of uncertainty on investment via the lending channel in the Euro area and in the USA. The empirical results indicate that the differences in financial structures quantitatively affect the cyclical behavior in the two areas: the magnitude of the credit channel effects is amplified by the different financial structures.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the benefits of debt reduction in developing countries by exploiting a natural experiment of debt relief under two programs: the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) and the World Bank's Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative launched in 1996 and the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative (MDRI) established in 2005. The staggered implementation of debt relief for 36 countries over more than a decade creates a panel of treated countries that allows the authors to identify the effects of debt reduction controlling for country and year fixed effects. The authors apply a time-shifted difference-in-differences estimation strategy to account for different decision points and completion points as well as different duration between decision and completion. The authors find that debt reduction increased investment in physical capital in both the short run and the long run with bigger increases in the longrun. Human capital investment, as measured by schooling enrollment, was also positively affected by debt relief. Debt reduction had a positive effect on male employment but not female employment rates. Both GDP per capita growth rates and household consumption increased with debt reduction. The authors also find that the MDRI increased domestic revenue and domestic investment but to a lesser degree. The paper contributes to the literature on the effects of debt reduction. The staggered implementation of debt relief for 36 countries over more than a decade creates a panel of treated countries that allows the authors to identify the effects on investment and debt reduction controlling for country and year fixed effects. The authors apply a time-shifted difference-in-differences estimation strategy to account for different decision and completion points as well as different duration between decisions and completion.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a methodological argument that a possible dialogue between econophysics and economists can emerge. This kind of dialogue would not be superfluous, in this challenging context for economic knowledge, to understand how to understand the emergence of economic phenomena. The paper is based on a critical analysis of the literature on econophysics and J.S. Mill's notion of emergence. In order to understand Mill's concept of emergence, the paper uses the following methodological approach: first, the authors analyze the different methodological points of econophysicists and economists and then the authors compare them to Mill's idea of emergence and to the notion of duality of knowledge. The paper shows that econophysics can contribute to a better understanding of complex economic systems by using models coming from statistical physics. However, the dialogue between economists and econophysicists appears to be difficult in the literature because of the duality of knowledge and the singularity of method developed by J.S. Mill. Moreover, Mill's notion of emergence is not consistent with the perspective developed by econophysicalists. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a methodological argument sustaining a possible dialogue between econophysicists and economists. This kind of dialogue would not be superfluous, in this challenging context for economic knowledge, to understand Mill's notion of emergence.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance (IF). Islamic finance is practiced today by financial intermediaries, which circulate funds from providers to users of funds. Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) use contracts developed in fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) literature to devise products that can be used to circulate funds in a way that is Shari'ah compliant (in abidance by Islamic law). This study is based on an extensive review of Islamic finance (IF) literature and Islamic jurisprudence (Islamic law) texts. The normative parameters of reward and risk in IF are identified through an analysis of hadith texts. These parameters are then used to develop a theoretical framework for IF. The results show that the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance are similar to those of conventional finance. However, there are significant differences in the way that these parameters are defined in the Islamic finance literature. For example, in the case of the profit-and-loss sharing (PLS) principle, the reward-risk principle is found to be more consistent with the hadith interpretations of the Prophet (peace be upon him). In contrast, the risk-sharing principle is not. This study is one of the first to analyze the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance from the perspective of Islamic jurisprudence.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economics. This paper aims to address the issue of inequitable distribution of wealth in the global economy. This paper proposes a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economics. The proposed system is based on three dimensions of justice: equity, justice and transparency. The first dimension of equity is measured in terms of the fair distribution of wealth. The second dimension of justice is measured by the fair exchange rate of currency. The third dimension of transparency is measured through the fair value of the currency. This paper proposes that the fair currency should be equalised to the real value of a currency. The authors find that a fair currency system under the Islamic financial system is not about limited resources versus unlimited wants. It is about efficient utilisation of limited resources and equitable distribution of resources. The authors also find that it is possible to develop a fair and efficient currency system in the Islamic way of life. This is the first attempt to develop a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economic theory and practice. It is also the first study to examine the impact of the proposed currency system on the real economic problem of the masses.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of cognitive, personal, environmental and behavioral factors on investors' intentions to invest in sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) using social cognitive theory (SCT). The study uses a quantitative approach and uses a survey questionnaire to collect the data from a sample of 300 respondents in Pakistan. Structural equation modeling is used to analyze the data. The results indicate that the proposed model is a good fit to the data. The study finds that the constructs of social influence, external influence, compatibility of sukuk investment with lifestyle, intrinsic motivation and the religious aspect are significant predictors of investors' intentions to invest in suKuk. The results also reveal that religious aspect has a significant moderating effect on the relationship between the proposed factors and investors' intention to invest. This study contributes to the literature on investors' intentions regarding sukuk investment in Pakistan by focusing on cognitive, personal, environmental and behavioral factors that might have an influence on individuals' intentions. The study also adds to the existing literature by incorporating a religious aspect as a moderator to strengthen the explanatory power of the proposed model to better explain individuals' intention.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the competitiveness level of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) in the logistics industry in Malaysia and identify the challenges faced by them in the adoption of takaful (Islamic insurance) protection. This paper is based on a survey of MSMEs in the logistics industry in Malaysia. The survey was conducted using a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling. The strengths of MSMEs in the logistics industry are in comparison to their competitors in the market. However, there is a need for them to improve their marketing efforts to attract and retain customers. The opportunities and threats faced by them in the adoption of takaful protection are also found to be similar to those faced by their competitors. In addition, the challenges faced by these businesses are similar to the ones faced by the competitors. This study is the first to examine the competitiveness level of MSMEs in the logistics industry and identify the challenges faced by them in the adoption of takaful protection. By doing so, practitioners and policymakers will have a better understanding on the importance of this industry, which will then enable them to provide strategies to reduce the low micro-takaful penetration rate.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the Shari'ah Governance Framework (SGF-2010) in addressing and resolving the current challenges in Shari'sah governance in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry. For this purpose, a questionnaire was developed and distributed among key players in the industry who are involved in Shari'ah governance, including the board of directors (BOD), Shari'sah committee (SC) members and senior managers. The respondents were to evaluate the impact of SGF-2010 in addressing and resolving the current challenges of Shari'tah governance in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry. The research later compared the findings based on the findings of the questionnaire survey with the requirements in the revised SGF 2017 (SGF-2017) and the updated SGF 2019 (SGPD-2019). The paired-sample t-test on the items in the questionnaire, which was intended to measure the degree of the change prior to and after the implementation of the framework, was also conducted. The results indicated that Shari'ah governance practices have generally improved after the enforcement of SGF-2010. The major changes in Shari'sah governance are mostly attributable to the improvements in the accountability and responsibility component. In addition, the elements which improved significantly after the implementation of the SGF include the expansion and elaboration on the roles and responsibilities of the SC and the inclusion of the functions and functions of the Shari 'ah committee. This research is an attempt to evaluate the impact of SGF-2010 in addressing the current issues in Shari'ah governance practices in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry. The findings of this research will be useful to regulators, practitioners and academics in the field of Shari'sah governance in Islamic banking.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an effective internal control mechanism for managing Shari'ah non-compliant income (SNCI) in Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia. This study is based on a case study method. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews conducted with seven officers from both Shari'ah and internal audit departments and two SC members of selected Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia. These officers were selected based on their in-depth knowledge regarding current practices of internal control in IFIs. Based on the findings, there is a lack of authorisation and control of the governance and internal control system for Shari'ah non-compliant income (SNCI) in the sampled IFIs. This leads to major SNCI in the operations of IFIs, which will increase IFIs' risk management and impact on the integrity of the IFIs amongst their current and potential customers. This study is one of the few studies that examine internal control as a mechanism to manage SNCI in IFIs. The findings of this study will contribute to the development of an effective internal control mechanism for managing SNCi in the IFIs in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate and compare the performance of Qatari Islamic banks (IBs) and conventional banks (CBs) from 2015 to 2019 using the financial ratio analysis (FRA) method. The banks were assessed in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality. The financial ratio analysis (FRA) method was used to evaluate the performance of Qatari's IBs and CBs from 2015 to 2019. The banks were assessed in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality. A student's t-test was also used to assess the significance of the crisis. The results show that Qatari IBs and CBs performed better before the blockade, while there was no significant difference in performance between the two types of banks during the blockade period. However, there was a significant decline in the performance of CBs during the embargo period, while IBs were found to be in better shape than CBs in terms of profitability, efficiency and liquidity. This study is the first of its kind to compare the performance of Qatari IBs and CBs before and after the onset of the economic blockade on Qatar. It is also the first study to assess the significance of the crisis on the performance in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systematic review of literature on factors affecting takaful (Islamic insurance) demand from articles published from January 2009 to June 2019. The review aims to synthesise previously published research to explore and identify what actually drives the demand for Islamic insurance. Gaps and directions for future research are identified. This paper provides a systematic literature review on factors affecting takaful demand from articles published from January 2009 to June 2019. Content analysis was performed to segment the literature into four main segments, namely, research area, research data, research method and factors affecting demand. This paper also identifies gaps in previous research. This paper found that the number of publications in the area of takaful demand has increased significantly over time from two articles in 2009 to six articles in 2017. Although there was no publication on the topic in 2018, one article was published in 2019 in Indonesia. This paper also confirms that across these 11 journals, research has been conducted using a variety of methodologies, ranging from quantitative data to qualitative data. In addition, this study contributes to the literature by revealing significant demographic and economic factors influencing takafully demand. This paper fulfils an identified need to review the literature on factors affecting takaful demand. This paper provides a rich overview and outlines various studies conducted in a variety of countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah non-compliant (SNC) issues in the practice of tawarruq financing in 16 Islamic banks (IBs) in Malaysia. A questionnaire survey was conducted on 16 Islamic banks (IBs) in Malaysia in the practice of tawarruq financing. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the top managers of each of the 16 IBs in Malaysia. The respondents were asked to indicate the number of SNC events they had experienced in the past six months. The study revealed that most of the SNC events in financing products originated from sale-based contracts. In particular, tawarruq financing represented the second largest SNC event after bay' al-'inah/BBA. The survey also suggested that improper sequence is the most frequent SNCevent in tawarriq financing. This finding calls for IBs to institute more prudent and clear operational procedures for tawarrouq-based financing. This is the first study to empirically investigate the Shari'ah non-compliant (SNC) issues in the practice of tawarruq financing in IBs in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual framework of internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in Islamic banks (IBs) based on the findings of some studies. This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on the area of internal and external audit from Shari'ah and conventional perspectives. The conceptual framework on factors that impact on the effectiveness of internal ShARI'ah audit in IBs is then discussed in detail. The findings of this study indicate that the internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in IBs can be divided into three main categories, namely, internal control factors, external control factors and external risk factors. The internal control factor is the most important factor that has a direct impact on the effectiveness of the internal audit. The external risk factor has an indirect effect on the internal auditing effectiveness through the impact of the external risks on the performance of the IBs. Finally, the internal risk factors have a direct effect on both internal and external audit effectiveness. This is the first study to develop a conceptual framework of internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in IBs. The findings of this study can be used by IBs to enhance their internal ShARI'ah auditing framework and enhance their effectiveness.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns in Shari'ah-compliant vs conventional stocks in the context of the Malaysian market. The study uses a sample of 1,665 stocks from the Malaysian equity market over a period of five years (2011-2017) and employs a fixed-effect panel regression analysis to examine the effectiveness of 10 technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns on buy recommendations (1,665 for Shari'ah-compliant and 400 for conventional stocks). The results of the study show that the technical trading strategies performed better than the non-technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns for Shari'ah-compliant and conventional stocks. In addition, the results also reveal that the performance of the technical strategies is significantly higher for the conventional stocks compared to the ShARI'ah stocks. The results also show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency level between the conventional and Shari'sah stocks in terms of abnormal returns. This is the first study to examine the effectiveness of technical trading strategies in the context of Shari'ah-compliant vs conventional stocks in the Malaysian market. This study also contributes to the literature on the efficiency level of these market segments.
The purpose of this paper is to explore clients' perception of Mudarabah and musharakah (M&M) as micro-equity finance and their understanding of the financial products. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The results show that clients' understanding of M&M is influenced by their experiences of microfinance. Clients with business experience are more interested in receiving formal sources of capital from formal sources than clients with no business experience. They are also more likely to be aware of the risks associated with the M & M partnership. The findings also indicate that clients are more willing to use these instruments if they are offered by an IsMFI. This study is one of the first to explore clients' perception of Mudarabah and musharakah as micro-equity finance in the context of Islamic microfinance.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the concept of crowdfunding and how it could benefit Muslim entrepreneurs, particularly in Malaysia. With the emergence of many equity crowdfunding platforms, this paper examines the current crowdfunding platforms and highlights the Shari'ah contracts mainly used in the effort to develop an equity crowdfunding (SEC) framework for Malaysia. The identification of issues related to crowdfunding has led to introducing an SEC framework for an alternate method of financing. This study begins by gauging entrepreneurs' general understanding and acceptance of crowdfunding by conducting a survey in the Klang Valley area and analyzing the data based on the theory of reasoned action (TRA). This is followed by a presentation of the survey analysis, measuring the entrepreneurs' intention to use crowdfunding in Malaysia through structural equation modelling (SEM). Subsequently, the conceptual framework of SEC for Malaysia is discussed. The results of the survey indicate that the majority of the respondents are willing to use crowdfunding for their fundraising exercise. However, there is a significant difference in their understanding of crowdfunding and their willingness to use it. The findings also indicate that there is an increase in the intention of Muslim entrepreneurs to raise funds through equity crowdfunding in Malaysia. In addition, this study proposes a conceptual SEC framework for Malaysia. This paper makes two main contributions to the existing literature. First, it provides evidence on Malaysian entrepreneurs' intention to use crowdfunding for their fundraising exercise by applying TRA and TAM accordingly. Second, it proposes a conceptual SEC framework for the development of entrepreneurship in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to propose participation-based tax increment financing (P-TIF) as a viable financing method to cater to the needs of community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or land sale models, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets. This study introduces a conceptual framework for P-TIF by applying the TIF method within a Shari`ah-compliant structure. A benchmark model is established with the benefit of stochastic modelling. This model offers a participation-based contract between the lender and the borrower in a given tax increment district (TID). In return for a reduced interest rate (which is reduced to zero in the model), the interest rate paid by the borrower is reduced from the base rate to zero. P-TIF can be considered as a viable financing method for community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or sale of land or services, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets. This study proposes participation-based tax increment financing (P-TIF) as a viable solution for local governments to cater for the needs of community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections, grant transfers or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or land sale, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking. The study adopts a doctrinal approach by analysing the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking. It further explores the cohabitation and overlap that occurs with conventional banking regulations. The study finds that the domestic laws of Mauritius are in line with international best practices in terms of corporate governance, transparency and disclosure. However, there is some overlap between Islamic banking and conventional banking regulations. The study also finds that there is a need to harmonise with international practices and standards as competition is lurking from the emerging African financial centres, without forgetting the Southeast Asian competitors. This study contributes to the limited literature on the introduction and evolution of Islamic banking in Mauritius, but none probes into the legal framework that surrounds those products. This study, therefore, aims at pioneering in this area by analysing the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework of awqaf (pl. of waqf) doctrines based on the classical jurisprudential framework of the Shari'ah validity of waquf. The paper adopts a theoretical approach based on the classical waqf jurisprudential discourse. It uses the concept of awqaf (pl. of waqaf) as a juristic analogy to develop a conceptual framework of the basic principles of the awqf doctrines. The framework is then used as a basis for the development of a set of awkaf doctrines. The findings of this paper indicate that the awqaf doctrines of the Prophet's companions were established even prior to the determination of waqf with its jurisprudential characteristics in the first few years after the hijrah (the migration of the prophet from Makkah to Madinah, which occurred in 622 CE). It was in later years that these early waqfs were identified with the then evolved jurisPRudential framework of waQf. This paper is one of the first attempts to apply the concept of awqaf (pl. of waqf) to the classical fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) literature. It is also the first attempt to apply this concept in the context of the waqaf doctrines of the Prophet's companions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices and evaluate the efforts made by selected Muslim-majority countries in introducing Shari'sah- compliant central banks (SCCBs). A detailed review of the existing literature is undertaken to identify salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices, and case studies of Iran, Sudan and Pakistan are presented to highlight the experiences of regulators from three Muslim-majority countries, which aimed to achieve full compliance with Shari'sah principles related to Islamic finance. The findings of this study indicate that the central banks of Iran, Sudan and Pakistan have not been able to achieve full compliance with Shari'ah principles in their central banking practices. The case studies of these three Muslim-majority countries are presented to highlight the experiences of regulators from these countries, which aimed to achieve compliance with the principles related to Islamic finance since the 1980s. The findings of the case studies indicate that these three countries have made significant efforts to introduce and promote equity-based instruments such as mudarabah (profit sharing) and musharakah (partnership), and instead, they rely on the replication of conventional instruments. This study contributes to the existing literature by discussing salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices and evaluating the efforts made by selected Muslim-majority countries in introducing SCCBs. This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the experiences of three Muslim countries, which have been implementing Shari'sah- Compliant Central Banking Practices.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of intellectual capital (IC) in the operations of waqf institutions and non-profit organisations (NPOs), as few studies have discussed this issue in relation to these organisations. The study proposes a conceptual framework of IC in NPOs, along with a review of IC application in the context of certain N POs. It concentrates mainly on the issues of current waqaf management and its potential for reform through the consideration of IC. The paper is based on a review of the literature on IC in the context of non-profit organisations (NPOs) and waqf institutions, as well as on the experiences of other NPOs. This study highlights the importance of realizing and investing in IC as a solution for all NPOs in general and waqf organisations in particular. Second, it identifies challenges of current waqaf management that constrain the performance of Waqf institutions, which include direct intervention of the state in the affairs of waqF, weak legal protection, low level of awareness about waq f in the community and corruption. The study critically provides insights into the reform trends that may contribute to retrieving the legal and institutional personality of awqaf. This study contributes to the literature in relation to waqf management through various ways. First, it highlights the importance of IC through reviewing a significant body of research in the context of NPOs. Second, it identifies challenges of current waqaf management that constrain the performance of waquf institutions, which include direct intervention of the state in the affairs of waqF, weak legal protection, low level of awareness about waq f in the community and corruption. The study critically provides insights into the reform trends, which includes administrative, legal and financial reforms, and financial and legal reforms.
The purpose of this paper is to present alternative contemporary interpretations and practices drawing from the same facts as those referenced in the Administration of Muslim Law Acts (AMLA) Chapter 3 and sources complementary to AMLA. The paper focusses on the current challenges facing the family of deceased Muslims who follow the Shafi'i or Hanafi schools of jurisprudence. The paper is based on a review of the current practice of the Syariah Court in Singapore whereby the residual net estate goes to the bayt al-mal instead of returning to the fard (Qur`anic fixed-share) heir(s) or dhawu al-arham (outer family members) in the absence of the 'asabah (agnatic residuary heir by blood). This practice has created uneasiness among female legal heirs, spouses, some converts and the community at large. The paper focusses on the current challenges facing the family of deceased Muslims who follow the Shafi'i or Hanafi schools of jurisprudence. The current practice of the Syariah Court in Singapore is that the residual net estate goes to the bayt al-mal - which is identified as the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) - when there is no 'asabah (agnatic residuary heir by blood) in the family structure. This practice has created uneasiness among female legal heirs, spouses, some converts and the community at large. It no longer supports the full needs of the needy in the Muslim community, especially the legal heirs or the dependents (Muslim or non-Muslim) of the deceased. It is possible by accepting the contemporary practice and current legislation on radd doctrine as practised by many Muslim and non- Muslim countries, by returning the residualnet estate to the fard or dhawu al-arham legal heirs/dependants. This paper is the first of its kind to analyse the radd (return) doctrine in the context of Muslim inheritance law in Singapore. Recommendations are made in four areas.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the total, systematic, idiosyncratic, fund-specific and downside risk exposures of Islamic mutual funds with their conventional counterparts to see which kind of fund has higher risk exposures. This study analyzed the total, systematic, idiosyncratic, fund-specific and downside risk exposures of both Islamic and conventional mutual funds to see which kind of fund has higher risk exposures. The risk exposures were analyzed by using the generalized least squares method. The results of the study show that Islamic mutual funds are exposed to lower risk compared to their conventional counterparts. The results also show that the Islamic funds are more prone to fund-specific risk, market risk and idiosyncratic risk. The downside risk exposure of Islamic funds is also higher than that of the conventional funds. This study is different from previous studies conducted on mutual fund risk exposures in the sense that it provides a comparative risk analysis of both Islamic and conventional funds including total, systematic, idiosyncratic and downside risk. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first attempt to comparatively analyze various types of risks involved in both kinds of funds and thus a significant contribution to the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to study the stand taken by bodies of collective ijtihad (juristic interpretation) with regard to the resolutions of the Shari'ah Advisory Council of Bank Negara Malaysia (SAC-BNM) where parameters of maslahah were considered, and second, to highlight the parameters of Maslahah to understand the level of compliance with these parameters. This study focuses on the stand taken by bodies of collective ijtihad (juristic interpretation) with regard to the resolutions of SAC-BNM where parameters of maslahah were considered, and second, to highlight the maslaha parameters to understand the recognized parameters. After that, theMaslahah-based resolutions were examined through these parameters to determine the level of compliance with the parameters. The findings of this study show that the majority of the SAC-BNM's maslahah-based resolutions are compliant with the parameters of Shari'ah. However, there are some issues that need to be addressed in order to ensure that the resolutions are not used in an inappropriate manner to validate certain Islamic financial products and services that maximize profits by compromising Shari'sah principles. This study fills the research gap in this issue as there are no specific studies that have considered specific fatwas (Shari'ah pronouncements) or resolutions of a specific fatwa board/committee and systematically examined them. There are some studies on the methodology of fatwa and the requirements of a mufti (the legal expert empowered to give legal rulings), but there is no study of the existing fatwas and their implications.
The development of the Islamic finance industry and the increasing market share of Islamic banking in Malaysia make it necessary to assess the contribution of Islamic banks' financing to industrial production. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between Islamic banking and industrial production in Malaysia. This study uses the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) and bounds testing approaches to decompose Islamic banks' financing into profit and loss sharing (PLS) financing (mudarabah [profit-sharing contract] and musharakah [PLS contract]) and non-profit and loss-sharing (non-PLS] financing (the rest of Islamic banks's financings such as murabahah, ijarah and istisna') and investigate the relationship between Islamic banking and industrial production. This paper provides evidence that there is a positive relationship between industrial production and non-PLS financing in the short and long run, while PLS financing appears to have no significant effect on industrial production. The Toda and Yamamoto causality test show a bidirectional relationship betweenindustrial development and IF, as well as non-profit and loss sharing financing. In contrast, no causality relationship is found between PLS and industrial development. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first attempt to decompose the global effect of Islamic banks' financing on industrial development. Unlike previous studies that used quarterly data to highlight the Islamic finance-growth nexus, this study uses monthly data, which allows better capture of the interactions between financing and economic development through industrial production. The Toda and Yamamoto causality test show a bidirectional relationship between industrial development and IF, as well as non-PLS.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss methodology, its principles and its application to the field of Islamic economics and finance. It also looks into the matter of integrated knowledge and proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology. The paper is organized as follows. Firstly, the matter of methodology, its definition, importance and problems will be discussed. This will be followed by a short excursion into the current methodology of Islamic economics and finance. Second, the paper presents the idea of integrated knowledge as promoted by the International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT). This is followed by the exposition of the proposed multidisciplinary methodology that is based on the concept of collective ijtihad. This paper proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology (ICT) in the field of Islamic economics and finance. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it looks into the matter of integrated knowledge and proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the linkages between Malaysian real estate investment trusts(REITs) and selected macroeconomic variables over the period 2011-2017. The study aims to identify whether different types of REITs, i.e. conventional and Islamic, will have different relationships with the macro economic variables. It also aims to assess the impact of the REIT size on the relationship between REIT performance and macroeconomic variable. This study covers the Malaysian REIT industry comprising both conventional and Islamic REITs and focuses on identifying the relationship between return, dividend yield and macroeconomic variables. The analysis is run separately for conventional and Shari'ah-compliant REIT's. The results show that there is no significant difference in the relationship between REIT performance and macroeconomic variables for both conventional and Islamic REITs over the period 2011-2017. However, there is a significant difference between the two types of REIT in terms of the impact of size on the relationship. The results also show that the relationship is stronger for the Islamic than for the conventional REIT type. This study is important and focuses on the Malaysian REIT market for three reasons. First, the Malaysian market is unique in that it offers two different types of REITs, namely, conventional and Islamic. Second, Malaysia was among the earliest markets to launch a REIT and has the advantage of being a country with a comprehensive, clear regulatory framework and flexibility allowing 70 per cent foreign shareholding in IslamicREITs (MIFC, 2013). Third, Lim (2020) reported an increase in demand for Malaysian REITS between 2010 and 2019. This is partly because of the shortage of investing options for investors seeking Shari'ah-compliant investments due to a more than 30 per cent fall in the issuance of worldwide sukuk (Shari'AH- compliant bond) reported in 2018 (The Star, 2019). Therefore, this study sheds light on the recent behaviour of REits in Malaysia, which will allow market dealers, and market players to be better informed about what they
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of the intention to adopt Islamic banking in a non-Islamic developing country, namely, Uganda. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 respondents in Kampala, Uganda. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results of the study indicate that attitude, subjective norm, normative belief and religiosity are significant determinants of behavioral intention to adopt Islamic banking in Uganda. Further, the study found that subjective norm is not a significant predictor of attitude toward the adoption of Islamic banking, while normative belief is a significant determinant of attitude. This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of behavioral intention to adopt Islamic banking in a non-Muslim developing country. It is also the first study to use the theory of reasoned action in the context of Islamic banking.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the new purpose of waqf, namely, to make impactful small and micro businesses successful in a circular economy. This paper is based on the understanding that the root cause of social inequalities is actually the negative externality of poverty of consciousness. Two important examples are elaborated - first, dealing with the conscious responsibility of businesses and second, the conscious design of financial contracts. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of negative externality is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive externalities of businesses. The findings of this paper are as follows. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of positive externalities is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive Externalities of businesses. Second, the design of financial contracts is important in conjunction with the above-mentioned positive ornegative business mindset. In the Islamic economy, the original intent of the following contracts, and others, is that they are compassionate in nature: kafalah (sponsorship), wakalah, daman (guarantee), t This paper is based on the understanding that the root cause of social inequalities is actually the negative externality of poverty of consciousness. Two important examples are elaborated - first, first dealing with the conscious responsibility of businesses and second, the conscious design of financial contracts. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of negative externality is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive externalities of businesses.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how Islamic finance disputes bordering on Shari'ah (Islamic law) issues would fare before the current Nigeria's judicial dispute resolution mechanism, namely, the Central Bank of Nigeria's (CBN's) Financial Regulation Advisory Council of Experts (FRACE). The study adopted a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with experts from the CBN's Financial Regulation Advisory Council of Experts (FRACE) in Nigeria. The findings revealed that the CBN's decision to refer Islamic finance cases to the FRACE for expert opinion is not consistent with the current practice in Nigeria's judicial dispute resolution mechanism. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in the level of expertise of FRACE experts in Islamic finance matters as compared to the conventional courts in Nigeria. This study is the first of its kind in Nigeria to examine the issue of court referral of Islamic finance disputes to the FRACE for expert opinion. The findings of this study would be of value to both academicians and practitioners in the Islamic finance industry in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region during the period 2009-2016. This study uses a panel data approach to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms listed on the Saudi Stock Exchange (SSE) during the period 2009-2016. The data were collected from the rating agencies' web sites. The results show that credit ratings have a positive and significant impact on the capital structure of firms in Saudi Arabia. The results also show that the relationship between credit ratings and capital structure is moderated by firm-specific factors such as company size, profitability, liquidity, non-debt tax shield and asset tangibility. Moreover, the results indicate that the impact of credit ratings on capital structure changes during the 2007-2008 financial crisis. This is the first study to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region from 2009 to 2016.
The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated approach for building sustainable Islamic social finance ecosystems. The approach is based on the idea of associating all the stakeholders in one ecosystem where social welfare initiators can cope together to launch complementary initiatives to have a more significant impact on their communities and to cope with social finance providers to ensure continuous financial support to the ecosystem. The methodology adopted in this paper is based on case studies and literature review to identify the different components of impactful social finance ecosystems and to define an appropriate approach to build them in a way that enhances their effectiveness. The first part of the paper aims at defining the concept of "social finance ecosystems" and the way "an Islamic social finance ecosystem" should be. Then, the paper presents the different forms that social welfare initiators can take and the ways their initiatives should be coordinated. It also discusses the different instruments that Islamic social Finance can provide and how it can collaborate with Shari'ah-compliant commercial financial institutions. The development of a real awareness of social issues brought a multiplicity of players with different business models and objectives to work on socially oriented initiatives. The most impactful initiatives rely on the principle of collective impact, which is based on the idea that social problems arise from and persist because of a complex combination of actions and omissions by players in all sectors. Therefore, they can be solved only by coordinated efforts of these players, including businesses, government agencies, charitable organizations and members of affected populations. In this paper, these parties are called "social welfare initiators". Tackling each social issue means bringing all the parties together according to a relevant strategic vision in a single project that has its own development lifecycle with different stages. Each stage would require appropriate financing and support and thus involve fund providers whose interests are aligned with those of the project. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents an integrated approach that involves all the parties in one ecosystem where social welfare initiators can cope together to launch complementary initiatives. The aim is to have a more significant impact on their communities and to cope with social finance providers to ensure continuous financial support to the ecosystem.
The purpose of this paper is to elaborate on business succession from an Islamic accounting perspective. In Islam, heirs and their entitlements are determined in accordance with the provisions of Islamic law: the Noble Qur`an, the Sunnah of the Prophet (peace be upon him) and Muslim scholars' verdicts. Business as an inherited estate becomes a family business and, therefore, heirs become partners to it. The equity (after settling debts and bequests) is shared among them. This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on Islamic accounting and Islamic succession. It also reviews the existing Islamic accounting literature on business succession from an Islamic accounting perspective. Business as an inherited estate becomes a family business and, therefore, heirs become partners to it. The equity (after settling debts and bequests) is shared among them. This signifies that the business should remain a going concern with the view to generating income for the heirs. Hence, the heirs would comfortably earn their living as long as the business remains aGoing Concern. This paper contributes to the literature looking at business succession from an Islamic accounting point of view, as this seems to be not fully considered by previous studies. Moreover, this paper is the first of its kind to integrate Islamic accounting and Islamic succession.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated maqasid al-Shari'ah-based performance measure (IMSPM) for measuring the performance of Islamic banks (IBs). The IMSPM is developed by harmonizing and constructing an integrated maqasid al-Shari'ah-based performance measure (IMSPM) based on scholarly works. Following this, the benchmark is used to analyze the performance of the sampled 11 IBs. The IMSPM measures both religious and financial aspects of IBs' performance. The overall sample performed highest on the objective of self (nafs) in the three-year selected period. This study synchronizes previous works to advance the existing IBs' performance measure and offers fresh evidence of the global IBs's performance by using the developed yardstick. This work is relevant to academics, industry professionals and other related stakeholders in gaining reasonable insight on the extent to which IBs have been promoting maqasid al-Shari'ah.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the structure of the Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) and the performance of Islamic banks (IBs) across different regulatory environments in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. Data were collected from the annual reports of all IBs listed in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries for the period 2010-2016. The data were analyzed using a panel data regression model. The results show that SSB independence is positively related to the performance of IBs in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, while the frequency of Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) meetings is negatively related to IBs' performance. The results also show that board independence has a positive and significant relationship with the performance. However, the results do not support the hypothesis that SSBs' independence is related to performance. This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the structure of SSBs and bank performance across different regulatory environments in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to study the practices and operations of Bait-un-Nasr Urban Cooperative Credit Society Limited (BuN), one of the oldest interest-free microfinance institutions (IFMFIs) operating in India, to evaluate its performance in terms of its growth and sustainability aspects, and to identify the operational and Shari'ah issues and provide possible solutions. It also aims to compare the performance of BuN against that of Indian micro-finance industry standards and benchmarks, and document the operations of the institution as a source of reference for future research. This paper is based on the case study of Bait-un-Nasr Urban Cooperative Credit Society Limited (BuN), which is one of the oldest interest-free microfinance institutions (IFMFIs) operating in India. The case study includes a detailed analysis of the practices and operations of BuN, its performance in terms of its growth and sustainability aspects, and the operational and Shari'ah issues. It also compares the performance of the institution against that of Indian micro-finance industry standards and benchmarks. BuN is one of the oldest IFMF institutions operating in India. Throughout the period, it has been striving to provide efficient services by adopting modern technology and bringing quality human resources in its folds. During the early 2000s, the institution faced some unforeseen liquidity problems, following which the institution remained closed for a decade. However, in due course and with the permission of the regulators, in 2012 the institution revived its operations. It is very rare to find any financial institution reviving its operations after remaining closed for such a long period. The revival of BuN indicates the strong determination of the management and the members associated with the institution. From a Shari'ah compliance point of view, BuN is the only organisation which is implementing the correct method of calculation and collection of service charges on demand loans and is ensuring that profits on business loans are calculated based on actual outcome of the business and not on assumption basis. This paper is the first of its kind to study the practices and operations of an IFMF institution operating in India. The findings of the study will be useful for researchers and practitioners in the field of IFMF and Shari'ah compliance.
Zakat and waqf are Islamic social funds that serve as effective tools for achieving financial inclusiveness and poverty alleviation in Nigeria. The purpose of this paper is to present an empirical data collection and analysis of the challenges facing the development of these institutions in Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty. The study was conducted using an empirical qualitative research method, using interviews as the instrument for data collection. The collection of the data was a combination of face-to-face interviews and telephone interviews with Nigerians in Malaysia and Nigeria, respectively. Semi-structured interviews were used to collect data. This method allows the interviewer to change the order of the questions if the need arises and probe far beyond the responses offered to the prepared questions. The findings showed that trust and confidence were the major concerns of potential zakat payers and waqf donors in Northern Nigeria. People were not pleased with the governors' involvement in the appointment of officials of the boards and committees of zakats and endowments. They argued that they preferred an appointment that is apolitical. Public perception is not taken into consideration in deciding who should be appointed to constitute the committee members on the boards. There are inadequate efforts by the leaders, which has resulted in low levels of knowledge among the people of Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty. Leaders - whether they are traditional rulers, governors or leaders in institutions of higher learning - have a collective responsibility to ensure the administration of z Zakat and waQf in their respective areas of authority. This study is the first of its kind to examine the causes of the low performance of zakat and waqf institutions in Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty using an empirical methodology.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the decision to adopt Islamic finance among small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Oman. More specifically, this paper investigates the influence a firm owner-manager's Islamic finance knowledge of profit and loss sharing (PLS) financing, for example, musharakah and mudarabah financing, and of non-profit and loss-sharing (non-PLS)-based financing, such as murabahah and ijarah, has on the adoption of Islamic finance. A questionnaire survey was administered via face-to-face interviews between December 2016 and February 2017 to 385 SME owner-managers operating in Muscat, Oman's capital city. The Kruskal-Wallis one-way ANOVA non-parametric test was used to analyse the survey data. The results indicate that owner-managers' Islamic finance knowledge is positively related to their firm's intention to adopt Islamic finance, while their own characteristics and their firms' characteristics are negatively related to it. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no other paper has yet addressed these issues in Islamic finance within the context of small firms, specifically in Oman. This paper attempts to contribute to the process of filling this gap.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the liquidity creation of commercial banks in Middle Eastern and North African (MENA) countries by various types and sizes, and to test the relationship between the creation of liquidity and the profitability of these banks during the period 2011-2016. This study uses a sample of Islamic and conventional banks in MENA that have detailed information in the Orbis Bank Focus dataset, which is the most comprehensive database of commercial banks in the MENA region. Regression analysis is used to test the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of these banks. The robustness check is also used to check the robustness of the findings. The results show that banks in MENA created the largest amount of liquidity, accounting for 96.86 per cent of the total liquidity in the region, and even surpassed the liquidity creation rates achieved by banks in the USA and China. However, banks in Saudi Arabia and the UAE created the most liquidity, while banks in Algeria created negative liquidity during the study period, thereby making them the poorest performing banks in terms of liquidity creation. Large banks have the largest proportion of liquidity created by MENA banks. Conventional and Islamic banks account for 79 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, of total liquidity created. Islamic banks outperform their conventional counterparts as a percentage of total assets. The regression analysis on the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of banks reveals that liquidity creation is positively related to the profitability of these banks. The empirical analysis contributes to the literature in three ways. First, this study extends the work of Mohammad (2014) and Berger et al. (2018) by including almost all banks of 18 MENA countries. Second, this work is the first to analyse the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of conventional and Islamic banks in MENA. Third, this paper uses a sample of Islamic and conventional banks that have detailed information in the Orbis Bank Focus dataset, which is the most comprehensive database of banks in the MENA region.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relative effectiveness of interest-free monetary policy (IFMP) and interest-based monetary policies (IBMP) compared to conventional monetary policies. The sample of 23 countries was divided into 2 groups. In Group X, 11 developed capitalist OECD countries pursued IBMP, while in Group Y, 12 developed capitalist countries followed IFMP. Misery index (MI) is used as a measure of economic performance and for testing the relative economic performance of Groups X and Y by using t-test at the 5 per cent level of significance. The test results reveal that Group Y, where IFMP has been followed, has a relatively lower inflation and unemployment rates than Group X. Therefore, Group Y has a lower MI and performs better than GroupX, which has been pursuing IBMP. Both groups consist of developed capitalist countries with similar levels of development, sophistication and sophistication per capita income. This is the first study to examine the effects of IFMP and IBMP on the economic performance of 23 developed capitalist countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to decide whether to pursue IFMP or IBMP.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the viability of integrating unit trust waqf with a modern financial instrument that is not only Shari'ah compliant but also carries high potential for competitive returns while at the same time preserving the initial capital. The proposed models for unit trust waqf are based on an extensive literature review. The proposed models were developed through a combination of literature review and expert opinion. The models were then validated through a series of expert interviews. The proposed models for unit trust waqf are found to be feasible and viable. The proposed models can be used as a tool for waqaf managers to manage their waqF assets in a more efficient manner. It is also found that the proposed models are capable of providing a competitive advantage in terms of returns, while at the same time preserving the initial capital capital of the asset. This paper attempts to explore the viability of integrating the unit trust waqf with a modern financial instrument that is not only Shari'ah compliant but also carries high potential for competitive returns while at the same time preserving the initial capital capital. Through this instrument, the current waqaf asset portfolio can be transformed into a source of wealth creation for the benefit of the ummah.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an alternative mechanism for calibrating the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) for Islamic banks to mitigate certain risks. This paper critically investigates the factors that affect liquidity risk management of Islamic banks and then develops an alternative regulatory framework appropriate for their liquidity management in particular. The specific risk profile of an Islamic bank requires developing a new and more efficient regulatory framework. The regulatory framework should mitigate risks and concurrently protect the interests of investment account holders. In this context, this paper differentiates between small local banks and internationally active Islamic banks. This paper differentiates between small local and internationally active Islamic banks and proposes to apply liquidity requirements only for small local banks. Small local banks will only bear the cost of increasing transparency. After that, the LCR mechanism is calibrated according to the needs of Islamic banks. Finally, the ALA is designed as a complement to the new liquidity framework. This paper differentiates between small local and internationally active Islamic banks and proposes to apply liquidity requirements only for small local banks. Small local banks will only bear the cost of increasing transparency. After that, the LCR mechanism is calibrated according to the needs of Islamic banks.
The purpose of this paper is to review the current human resource practices of zakat institutions in Malaysia in relation to the key elements of HRM that exist within Islamic organizations as proposed by Hashim (2009) including recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development and compensation. Based on the existing literature and other sources of information such as zakat institutions' websites and publications, and six different semi-structured interviews with z Zakat officers in Klang Valley, Malaysia, this paper presents the key elements of HRM that exist within Islamic organizations including recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development and compensation. The key elements of HRM that exist within zakat institutions in Malaysia include recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development, and compensation. The proposed HRM model is based on the current HRM practices available in the literature and six different semi-structured interviews. The novelty of this study lies in the proposed HRM model applicable to zakat institutions. The major contribution of this paper would be to assist the Malaysian SIRC in formulating a human resources strategy at their respective z Zakat institutions by referring to the proposed human resources model.
The purpose of this paper is to present rent-seeking behaviour as a concept and theory as well as the dynamics of rentier economies in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular. In this paper, rent-seeking behaviour as a concept and theory as well as the dynamics of rentier economies (Held and Ulrichsen, 2012) are presented in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and in the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular. The concept of rent-seeking behaviour and the dynamics of rentier economies are presented in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and in the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular. It is also argued that the Qur`an is categorical in prohibiting riba and explicitly linking it with zulm (injustice, exploitation). The originality of this paper lies in its focus on rent-seeking behaviour and zulm (injustice/exploitation) beyond the riba-interest equation. This is the first attempt to address the issue from an Islamic perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the contemporary issues of form and substance in Islamic finance from an Islamic law perspective. This paper is based on a review of the extant literature on the issue of form and substance over form in Islamic finance and Islamic law. The findings indicate that the legal form of Islamic financial transactions is in line with Shari'ah (Islamic law) in form, but fails to meet its substance and spirit in terms of the intention (substance) of the contracting parties. However, there is still room for improvement in the application of form and/or substance to ensure compliance of the contracts with their objectives. This is the first study to examine the issue of form and substance in Islamic finance from an Islamic law perspective. The findings of this study will be useful to practitioners and scholars in the field of Islamic finance and in the development of financial products and services.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which maslahah is taken into consideration in Islamic banking operations in Malaysia, particularly in respect of the three selected issues, bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`. This paper uses content analysis to examine the application of maslahah in Islamic financial transactions in Malaysia, particularly in respect of bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`. From the above discussion, it is found that BNM has attempted to consider the maslahah of both Islamic banks and their customers in its regulations. In the case of bay' al-'inah, this contract helps to facilitate the bank's liquidity as well as helping to fulfill people's needs. As for ta'wid, standardizing its rate makes this approach easier to impose penalty, and also this approach can protect customers from exploitation. Meanwhile, requiring Islamic banks to stipulate an ibra` clause in their financial agreements not only protects customers in case of early settlement, but it has also improved the image of Islamic banks. Thus, it can be concluded that the principle of maslahAH aims to sustain the viability of Islamic banking and ensure fairness and transparency between Islamic banks, their customers and their players. This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the application of maslahah in Islamic banking in Malaysia, particularly in respect of bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the conceptual framework of Islamic venture capital (IVC), its viability in this diverse market place and necessary steps for smooth processing of IVC transactions. It also provides recommendations on the form and practice of successful IVC investments. This study is based on a literature review and interviews with experts in the field of Islamic venture capital (IVC). This study finds that IVC possesses features such as risk sharing, risk sharing and the potential of incorporating Shari'ah-compliant investment modes, which could be ideal for the Islamic finance industry. However, even though some initial steps have been taken in the implementation of the concept in practice, this industry still lacks general public recognition. The major cause is not only the lack of awareness among investors but also the absence of viable investment opportunities for small- and medium-scale investors. Therefore, IVC has the scope to become an ideal investment mode for Islamic finance. The study also provides recommendations on the form and practice of successful IVC investments. This study is the first attempt to explore the issue of IVC in the context of the Islamic finance industry, which is in dire need of equity financing products. The findings of this study will be useful to investors, financiers and Islamic finance practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to suggest Unleveraged Green Investment Trusts (UGITs) as a model to enable Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) to meet their liquidity management needs. UGITs represent a case of financial innovation that is motivated by two key factors: (i) liquidity risk that impacts financial stability, and (ii) climate change leading to serious implications on the achievement of the United Nations' sustainable development goals. The paper uses content analysis to gather primary data and identify and interpret relevant secondary data and Shari'ah (Islamic law) concepts to develop a liquidity management solution based on the UGIT model that is consistent with Basel III regulatory requirements. The secondary sources of data include books, journal articles, industry reports, websites of some investment trusts and policy papers on the related research topic. The exploratory research was complemented by a case study to examine the UgIT solution for the particular case of renewable energy. The UGIT model suggests an innovative solution for liquidity management while meeting the Basel III regulatory requirements. This can be achieved through the qualification of the common equity shares as Level 2B high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), their eligibility for repurchase transactions with domestic central banks and the development of domestic short-term sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) with UGit shares as underlying assets. The research also demonstrates that an enabling framework is a key component of the financial innovation process. The UGIT model suggests an innovative solution for liquidity management while meeting the Basel III regulatory requirements. This can be achieved through the qualification of the common equity shares as Level 2B high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), their eligibility for repo transactions with domestic central banks and the development of domestic short-term sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) with UgIT shares as underlying assets.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a financially affordable Islamic home financing (IHF) model that is more affordable than the conventional bay' bi thaman ajil (BBA) and tawarruq (commodity murabahah). The study adopted a quantitative approach to validate the proposed IHF model. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey that was distributed to a random sample of Islamic commercial bank (ICB) members in Malaysia. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software. The results show that the proposed IHF model is financially affordable and can be used to finance the home of low- and middle-income households in Malaysia. The model was found to be statistically valid and reliable. It was also found to have a good fit to the data. This is one of the first attempts to validate a financially affordable IHF model in the context of the Malaysian Islamic commercial banking industry. It is also the first attempt to validate an equity-based home financing model in an FC setting.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the Islamic financial services industry (IFSI). The purpose of the rating system is to assess the level of compliance of Islamic banks with respect to Shari'sah norms. This study uses a quantitative approach to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the Islamic financial services industry (IFSI). The methodology is based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative approaches. The quantitative approach involves the development of a database of Islamic banks' ratings of their ShARI'ah compliance. The qualitative approach involves a case study of the Islamic banking industry in Malaysia. The results of the study reveal that the ranking of the Shari'ah-compliance ratings of the IFSI is based on the relative importance of the factors that determine the level of compliance. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference in the ranking among the banks on the basis of the number of years of experience in the industry. This is one of the first attempts to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the IFSI. It is also the first attempt to use a quantitative approach to develop the ratings. The findings of this study will be useful for policymakers, regulators and Islamic financial institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the credit risk management (CRM) performance of Islamic banks (IBs) and conventional banks (CBs) in Pakistan's banking industry and analyze asset quality (AQ) and loan quality (LQ) exhibited by the banks. The data were collected from the annual reports of CBs and IBs of the State Bank of Pakistan for the period 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, regression analysis and ANOVA. The results of the study reveal that LQ does affect CRM significantly and positively for both CBs and IBs. It is also derived from the results that the independent variable AQ has a negative impact on CRM in the IBs under study, whereas it has a significant and positive impact in the CBs. The descriptive statistical analysis results reveal that IBs showing higher mean average value ratios (1.328) are better than CBs (0.228) in terms of LQ and AQ, and thereby managing credit risk effectively. The regression analysis carried out using a dummy variable to account for the 2008 financial crisis also shows that IB's have either been showing a better performance or their performance has been improving significantly. The findings and analysis deduced from this research work are expected to enlighten policymakers on prevailing CRM issues in both IBs and CBs and enable them to develop solutions as necessary. This research also contributes towards the improvement of the banking industry's risk management practices in both Islamic banks and conventional banks in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the issue of bay' wa salaf, as deliberated by jurists and scholars, enlist and explain the structures of relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay'wa salaf in their execution, as well as to conduct Shari'ah analysis on their structures to determine their rulings, and propose solutions for the same. This research is based on a literature review and case studies of the relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay' wa salaf in their execution. It is found that the potential incidents of bay' wa salaf in the relevant Islamic banking products that have been mentioned above do not fall under the prohibited arrangement. Thus, it can be concluded that the current practices of combining bay' (sale) and salaf (loan) are not in accordance with the prohibition stated in the hadith. This research is the first of its kind to analyze the issue of bay' wa salaf, as deliberated by jurists and scholars, enlist and explain the structures of relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay'wa salaf in their execution, as well as to conduct Shari'ah analysis on their structures.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a cooperative-waqf model for the development of idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The model is based on the concept of cooperative development. The proposed model is based on the cooperative-waqf model, which is a combination of a cooperative structure and a waqf trust. The model is proposed to develop idle waqaf lands in Malaysia. The proposed model consists of three main components: the establishment of the cooperative, the development of the land by the cooperative members, and the creation of a trust to manage the land. The results of the study indicate that the proposed model can be a viable alternative for developing idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The proposed model was found to be more effective than the existing model in terms of cost-effectiveness, efficiency and sustainability. This is the first attempt to develop a cooperative-waqf model to develop idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The model is expected to be useful for the development of waqaf lands in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to review and analyse ar-rahnu (Islamic pawnbroking) in the context of the informal credit market theory because of its increasing role as a financing alternative used by women micro-entrepreneurs as a means to survive in business. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from women micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The study revealed that the women micro-entrepreneurs were relatively unconcerned with other factors such as product structuring or Shari'ah compliance of the facility. The main intention when they pledge assets is to get cash instantly for the purpose of financing their business. The women entrepreneurs appear to be more concerned with practical issues such as low service charges, closeness of the ar-rahnu institution which facilitates access to financing and customer satisfaction. This study systematically arranged factors that influence women micro-entrepreneurs to use ar-rahnu as a medium of financing, a method which has not been highlighted in previous studies. Besides, this study also provides possible explanations for what has made the informal credit market theory a powerful tool in explaining ar-RAUN as a self-sufficient means of financing for women entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the policy of gradual reduction of the corporate tax rate on corporate tax revenue in Malaysia over an 18-year period. The study employed the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) approach to examine the relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue for the period 1996-2014. The result of the examination, using the ARDL approach, shows a significant negative relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue for the 18-year period examined. This finding is in accordance with the theory of taxation by Ibn Khaldun depicted as the Laffer curve. It suggests that the reduction in the corporatetax rate has translated to increased productivity among firms and it has expanded the tax base. A further analysis of the causality between the two variables, after controlling for financial crises, also shows a statistically significant result. It means that a reduction in corporate tax rates could bring increases in tax revenue in the long run. This study is the first attempt to investigate the relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue in the Malaysian context using Ibn Khaldun tax theory.
The purpose of this paper is to address the socio-scientific methodology of holism emerging from the true foundation of Islam - that is, tawhid as the monotheistic law of everything. Islamic economics, finance, science and society are studied within trans-disciplinary holism under the primal ontology of tawhidi (monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge) and its methodological worldview. The proposed corrective methodological worldview is premised on "everything" and must therefore define its permanent epistemological basis. This is a conceptual paper that is based on the exegesis of the Qur`an and Sunnah in respect of the tawhidi (monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge) methodological worldview of Islamic economics. The paper is a critical analysis of the current state of the Islamic economic discipline. Tawhidi Islamic economics is based on the monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge ontology of tawhid as the law of everything. It is premised on "everything" and must therefore properly define its permanent epistemological basis. Such a grounding of the Islamic economic discipline has remained absent since its terminological inception. Islamic economics in its present state does not have a theory and foundation that can be called truly "Islamic" in terms of systematizing economic and social learning in a holistic way. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to address the socio-scientific methodology of holism emerging from the true foundation of Islam - that is, tawhid as the monotheistic law of everything. It is the first attempt to develop a new methodological worldview for the study of Islamic economics.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology to assess the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt. The paper starts with a definition of the concept of financial inclusion and describes its different levels from the conventional finance perspective. Then, it presents the different profiles of customers interested in Shari'ah-compliant financial products and defines the levels of financialclusion from the Islamic financial perspective. Based on the elements above, the paper presents a methodology to define the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion. The paper presents a methodology to define the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt. It also presents the different profiles of customers interested in Shari'ah-compliant financial products and defines the levels of financial inclusion from the Islamic finance perspective. The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it presents a methodology to assess the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt.
The purpose of this paper is to draw attention to the prolific expansion of predatory publishing from natural sciences to social studies in the West. It explores the consequences of predation for Islamic economics and finance and seeks to suggest remedial measures to curb the menace. The paper is divided into several sections including the introduction. The second section explains why predatory publishing is on the rise. The next three sections briefly list the key features of predatory operations and examine the impact of predation on the content and characteristics of Islamic economics and finance research. The section that follows highlights the bifurcation that arose between Islamic finance and Islamic economics. The paper carries the discussion forward to elaborate the consequences for research methods used in the discipline, especially with econometric modeling. It then explains what injury predation has inflicted on the development of Islamic finance. The final section summarizes the discussion and suggests measures to get rid of the malady. The dominance of the system by the foreign-educated elite, despite certain advantages, has created many problems for the smooth and purposive progress of Islamic economics and finance. The research objectives are stretched to look Islamic. The increasing use of mathematics and parametric empiricism is overdone to seek conformity with the mainstream requirements for facilitating publication in foreign journals, the supposed hallmark of scholarship. The methodological approach tends to enslave intellect and kills initiative and creativity in young minds. Restraint and modifications to match Islamic norms and reflect local conditions are needed. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the impact of predatory publishing on the development of Islamic economics and finance research.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the opinions and recommendations of various experts regarding the integrated cash waqf micro enterprise investment (ICWME-I) model as a source of financing for micro enterprises. It aims to determine the range of factors that will impact its suitability, applicability and prospects in the market. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with a range of experts from various backgrounds and the data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The interviewees were selected using a purposive sampling technique. The findings indicate that the ICWME-I model is not suitable for micro enterprises because of the following factors: lack of collateral; insufficient legal status; high transaction costs; insufficient information and documentation; lack of financial track record; nature and quality of business; rigidity of the financing procedure; and lack of awareness on financial facilities. Furthermore, the findings also indicate that there is a need for more empirical research on the applicability, applicability and prospects of the model. The ICWME-I model has so far remained at best a conceptual framework, and this study attempts to fill in this gap by exploring the opinions and recommendations of various experts regarding the model's suitability, applicability and prospects in the market market.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the centralisation of the corporate governance framework for Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) from the Shari'ah (Islamic law) perspective. The paper explains the origin of Islamic corporate governance, particularly focusing on the institution of hisbah (market surveillance) in the formulation of modern Islamic corporate Governance. It also discusses the Islamic jurisprudential concept of ikhtilaf al-fuqaha` (differences of opinions among ShARI'ah scholars) and the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of corporate governance. The paper is divided into three main segments. The first explains the origin of Islamic corporate governance, particularly focusing on the institution of hisbah (market surveillance) in the formulation of modern Islamic corporate Governance. The second discusses the Islamic jurisprudential concept of ikhtilaf al-fuqaha` (differences of opinions among Shari'ah scholars) from the context of centralisation of the Islamic Corporate Governance system. The third explains the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of Islamic Corporate governance. The centralisation of the corporate governance framework for Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) is a worthy cause, but it is not a panacea to the problems of shari'ah compliance in the Islamic banking industry. The growing list of pressing issues such as the independence of the Shari'AH board, conflict of laws and schools of Islamic jurisprudence, education and qualification of the IFI's ShARI'ah board members, non-standardised Shari'sah rulings and guidelines, fatwa shopping and the interlocking Shari')ah board directorship practice continue to pose significant challenges to the industry. This is the first attempt to explain the concept of ikhtilaf from the Shari'ah perspective in the context of the centralisation of the Islamic corporate governance system. The paper also provides insights into the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of corporate governance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the possibility of adopting salam-based crowdfunding, a viable Islamic financial product innovation that is relevant to meeting the financing needs of the agricultural sector. This study adopts a qualitative approach to explore the potential of salam-based crowdfunding as a mode of financing the agricultural sector in Afghanistan. Relevant literature on salam and crowdfunding has been reviewed; The Bank of Khartoum's practice of sal am transactions has been examined, and Islamic finance experts have been interviewed on the subject. The findings of this study reveal that salam-based crowdfunding is an innovative form of finance, which combines the contemporary investment facilities of crowdfunding and the classical Shari'ah contract of salam. This study proposes a structure ofsalam- based crowdfunding for the purpose of raising adequate capital for agricultural development in Afghanistan. The proposed structure consists of three main components: the salam (forward sale) contract, the collateral and the investment facilities. The novelty of this paper lies in the proposed structure of salam-based crowdfunding, which combines the contemporary investment facilities of crowdfunding and the classical Shari'ah contract ofsalam. This study is the first of its kind in the context of Afghanistan.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an understanding of the application of musharakah mutanaqisah (MM) by Koperasi Pembiayaan Syariah Angkasa (KOPSYA) and identify the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM by Islamic financial institutions. The research methodology adopted in this paper is based on a case study of KOPSYA's practice of MM. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's employees. The interviews were transcribed and analysed using thematic analysis. The paper provides an understanding of the application of MM by KOPSYA and identifies the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM implemented by Islamic financial institutions (IFIs). The paper provides an understanding of the application of MM by KOPSYA and identifies the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM implemented by Islamic financial institutions (IFIs).
The purpose of this paper is to explore and analyze the factors that will favour or constrain the introduction of an Islamic retail bank in Mauritius. The premise is that establishment of a full-fledged Islamic retail banks in the country would cater for the needs of Muslim and non-Muslim individuals, businessmen and small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), help meet the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and provide for better financial inclusion. The research is based on an on-line survey questionnaire and semi-structured interviews. The questionnaire was sent to a random sample of 1,000 randomly selected respondents from the population of Mauritius, and the responses were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis. Preliminary findings suggest that an Islamic retail bank in Mauritius could serve the local retail market by providing savings and investment products, consumer financing, business funding and housing finance. The other opportunities are enabling legal, fiscal and regulatory framework, the financing of SMEs and the issuance of sukuk. However, it faces many issues and challenges. One main issue is that the new banking institution would have to work in a conventional environment and face Shari'ah issues related to monetary policy. Other issues include awareness and financial literacy, perception of customers and lack of liquidity instruments and inter-bank deposits, lack of knowledge and understanding of Shari'sah-compliant products and the enforcement of Islamic contracts in court. This study has tried to fill the gap in the empirical literature on the setting up of an Islamic retail bank in a Muslim-minority country. The premise is that establishment of a full-fledged Islamic retail banks in the country would cater for the needs of Muslim and non-Muslim individuals, businessmen and small- and medium-sized enterprises, help meet the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and provide for better financial inclusion.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah issues related to sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct in general and American Finance House LARIBA's use of it as the basis for financing home purchases. This paper is based on a review of the literature on Shari'ah issues related to sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct in general and American Finance House LARIBA's use of this format in particular. Sale of an asset with the temporary exclusion of the usufruct is a promising tool for modern Islamic finance. It is a low-risk instrument that is particularly useful for mitigating operational risks in legal environments where Islamic finance is barely recognized. LARIBA uses this format in conjunction with declining partnership in usufructure. It can be a genuinely Islamic alternative to interest-based financing. The constructive use of this format calls for the development of an international Shari'ah standard on it. The following question arises: Why would a buyer accept such a contractual condition? Sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct is a promising tool for modern Islamic finance. It is a low-risk instrument that is particularly useful for mitigating operational risks in legal environments where Islamic finance is barely recognized. The constructive use of this format calls for the development of an international Shari'ah standard on it. LARIBA uses this format in conjunction with declining partnership in usufructure.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the development of Shari'ah governance requirements in the Malaysian Islamic finance industry from its inception until recently. It also describes the dynamic development of regulation and guidelines on Shari'sah governance, which has progressed in line with the latest requirements and expectations of the Islamic Financial Services Act 2013. This paper adopts the content analysis approach to examine the evolution of the SGF in Malaysia. It also describes the dynamic development of regulation and guidelines on Shari'ah governance, which has progressed in line with the latest requirements and expectations of SGF. The Malaysian SGF has evolved with changing market conditions, whereby the governance structures of both the overall Islamic financial system and the individual IFIs have been enhanced and strengthened to ensure the observance of Shari'ah. The latest law, IFSA 2013, provides a comprehensive legal framework that is fully consistent with ShARI'ah in all aspects of regulation and supervision. In addition, the SGF was recently updated to strengthen the effectiveness of the Shari'sah governance within IFIs in response to the growing scale and complexity of Islamic financial business, as well as recent policy developments in the area of governance, compliance and risk management. The Malaysian model of the SGF is unique and could be emulated and adapted by other countries when developing the Islamic finance industry in their respective jurisdictions. The comprehensiveness and success of the Malaysian SGF could thus serve as a model for strengthening Shari'ah governance in other countries. It is clear that the implementation of an effective SGF will further promote stakeholders' confidence and the integrity of the Islamic financial industry, thereby reducing Shari'.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the existing practices of Islamic home financing and related matters to ensure that such activities are in line with the statutory requirements of the Islamic Financial Services Act (2013) (IFSA) and Shari'ah principles. This study is based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of Islamic banks and customers involved in AHPs in Malaysia. The paper concludes that acute effects of financial hardship indebtedness arising from AHPs can be effectively managed based on three fundamental Shari'ah principles, namely, justice, public interest and removal of hardship. In view of the findings highlighted above, both short- and long-term solutions have been recommended based on the Shari'sah principles to address the financial hardship of AHP customers and enhance existing practices and the treatment of customers by Islamic banks. This study is the first of its kind in Malaysia to examine the existing practices of Islamic home financing and related matters to ensure that such activities are in line with the statutory requirements of the Islamic Financial Services Act (2013) (IFSA). IFSA prescribes an end-to-end Shari'ah compliance process in the activities, operations and business of Islamic banks, hence substantiating the importance of this study.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the relationship between the sacred months of a year and stock indexes in the Iranian and Iraqi Stock Exchanges. The data were collected from the Stock Exchanges of Iran and Iraq. The data were analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) method. The results indicated that there is no significant difference between the stock price in Muharram, Rajab, Dhu al-Qa'dah and Dhu Al-Hijjah and that of the other non-sacred months. However, in Iran, there was a significant difference in stock price between Rajab and the other two sacred months, but such a difference was not observed in the other sacred months and the non- sacred months. In other words, results suggested that the changes of lunar months from sacred to non- sacred do not lead to significant alterations in the stock prices of the stock exchange. This study is the first study to examine the effect of Islamic sacred months on stock prices in Iran and Iraq Stock Exchanges.
- The purpose of this paper is to develop an economic theory of Islamic finance, based on certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories. - Starting with certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories, it is found that Islamic finance, when applied according to Al-Jarhi's (1981) paradigm, would have distinct advantages. In addition, it provides a justifiable prescription for reforming the contemporary market economy. - Starting with certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories, Islamic finance, when applied according to Al-Jarhi's (1981) paradigm, would have distinct advantages. In addition, it provides a justifiable prescription for reforming the contemporary market economy. The fact that there is economic rationale for Islamic finance can therefore be accepted. - This is the first attempt to develop an economic theory of Islamic finance, based on macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices of Palestinian Islamic banks and their contribution to socio-economic development in Palestine. This paper is based on the analysis of the annual reports of four Islamic banks in Palestine. The annual reports were analyzed to identify their CSR practices. In addition, semi-structured interviews with bank practitioners were conducted to find out their perspectives on CSR. There is a positive relationship between banks' profitability and CSR spending. Palestinian Islamic banks recognize that and work towards more involvement in CSR activities while also recognizing their institution's limited ability in contributing more towards CSR. They are also willing to continue in that direction to build a better relationship with their customers and establish the name of the bank as a trademark. Like bank practitioners, Shari'ah board members did not neglect the banks' business interests, but they prioritized religious objectives. Another important point that was highlighted was that CSR is practised if there is a convincing project and high profits. This paper contributes to the literature on CSR practices of Palestinian Islamic banks and their contribution to socio-economic development. It is the first study that focuses on Islamic banks in Palestine.
This paper aims to unpacks the conceptual meaning of the term daman al-milkiyyah (ownership risk) and discusses its relevance in the context of contemporary applications in Islamic banking and finance. The central argument of this paper is that the source of any legitimate and profitable economic activity rests with the concept of damanal-milkyyah. It is argued that the concept does not narrowly refer to ownership risks or uncertainties but instead refers to liabilities and responsibilities that come with ownership. This paper unpacks the conceptual meaning of the term daman al-milkiyyah and discusses its relevance in the context of contemporary applications in Islamic banking and finance. The central argument of this paper is that the source of any legitimate and profitable economic activity rests with the concept of damanal-milKIyyah (ownership risk). It is argued that the concept of daman al-milkiyyah does not narrowly refer to the ownership risks or uncertainties but instead refers to liabilities and responsibilities that come with ownership. Although uncertainties are normal in everyday life, risks with regard to ownership should be mitigated as far as possible. However, when it comes to commercial transactions, the liability of potential loss cannot be separated from the ownership of real goods and services. Without bearing the liability for potential loss, any profit gained from commercial transactions would not be considered legitimate in Islam. This paper is expected to have practical relevance for regulators, financiers as well as the general public. It provides support for the promotion of greater risk-sharing contracts in Islamic commercial transactions, in the sense of the burden of liability for potential losses. This reflects the idea that the role of finance in Islam is to promote and ensure social benefits.
The purpose of this paper is to gauge the level of awareness of target respondents on the availability of takaful and insurance coverage to address their protection needs, understand target respondents' takaual or insurance needs and how these needs are met, identify factors considered by target respondents in securing takaial or insurance coverage, and understand targets' experience in securing such coverage. The study also aims to identify potential areas of growth and improvement for general takaious business in Malaysia. The study adopts a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire survey to collect data from takaful or re-takaful operators or insurers operating in the Malaysian market. The respondents were found to have a high level of awareness on the availability of takaful and insurance coverage to address their protection needs. However, only a minority of them had already obtained the coverage. The respondents indicated their willingness to obtain the coverage to protect their risks. The top three significant incidents chosen by the respondents as having the potential to affect their institutions and operations (business activities, staff, welfare, etc.) were identified as the most significant incidents that could affect their institution and operations. The majority of the respondents indicated that they were willing to pay a premium for insurance coverage, but only a small number of them were able to do so. This study is the first of its kind to investigate corporate demand for general takaful in Malaysia. The findings of the study can be used as a guide for the development of business strategies and marketing strategies for the industry to better position the sector.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the classification and acceptability of preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives. This paper reviews the literature on preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives. It finds that in IFRS-based financial reporting, preference shares can be classified as a liability, equity or hybrid instrument. When preference shares are classified as equity, the principle pertaining to musharakah is observed. When they are categorized as debt/liability instruments, the ShARI'ah ruling pertaining to debt is analyzed. This paper finds that there are different types of preference shares having different and unique features. Thus, it is not accurate to simply generalize all types of preferred shares as either equity or loan without analysing the specific features embedded in each type. This paper finds that in IFRS-based financial reporting, preference shares can be classified as a liability, equity or hybrid instrument. When preference shares are classified as equity, the principle pertaining to musharakah is observed. When they are categorized as debt/liability instruments, the Shari'ah ruling pertaining to debt is analyzed. It is found that the combination of principal and profit guarantee, as well as fixed guaranteed return embedded in most conventional preference shares, makes these financial instruments similar to conventional loans. The paper is of the view that a combination of loan features and equity features changes the instrument to a liability. This is the reason for the authors' view that preference shares having those primary loan features are generally classified as liability. This is the first paper to analyse preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives. It is also one of the few papers to analyse the issue of preference shares in the light of Shari'sah.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the reporting dimensions of intangible assets in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the relevant Shari'ah requirements in Islamic finance. This paper is based on a review of the literature on the reporting of intangible assets in the context of Islamic finance. The study adopts a qualitative approach to explore the reporting dimensions of intangible asset in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the relevant Shari'ah requirements. Both accountants and Shari'ah scholars agree on the key dimensions of intangible asset reporting, but variations arise due to a broader perception of intangible assets as including financial instruments and monetized assets. The professional accountants' views appear to be premised on economic choice consideration. In other words, they are investor-centric. Shari'sah scholars, on the other hand, are concerned with the social choice consideration of compliance and stakeholder interest. This paper concludes an interesting phenomenon on how professional accountants apply the provisions of IAS 38 and its exclusion on intangible assets and the views of Shari'ah scholars' in line with related requirements in Islam. The central concern is the effect of this treatment on the contracting parties who rely on the sufficiency of the information disclosed for their informed decisions. Economic decision usefulness as propagated by the financial reporting standards in reporting intangible assets would require additional disclosures on the intangible component of tangible assets in terms of Sharis' compliance and risk-based disclosures.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for the use of Shari'ah non-compliant assets as rahn (pledge) in Islamic banking products. Based on the fundamental Shari'ah ruling on rahn (pledge), this paper develops a framework for the use of non-compliant assets as rahn in Islamic banking products. The framework has been developed based on the fundamental Shari'ah ruling on rahn. Other considerations, such as maslahah (benefit/interest), hajah (need), dhari'AH (means), that may form a basis to depart from its original ruling are put aside and left to the discretion of the respective ShARI'ah authorities on a case-by-case basis. The paper acknowledges the possible gap between the established framework and the prevailing practices. The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to develop a framework for the use of Shari'ah non-compliant assets as rahn (pledge) in Islamic banking products from a fiqhi perspective. The framework is based on the fundamental ruling of the Islamic law.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the compliancy of contra trading practices in Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (BSE) and to determine whether contra trading is permissible under Shari'ah. The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature on contra trading in Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. It also reviews the relevant laws in Malaysia and the USA. The findings of the paper reveal that there are some identified issues in contra trading that require future in-depth deliberation. On that basis, the paper makes two recommendations. First, it recommends a change in the formula of cash settlement for failed contracts. The need to investigate the compliancy of contra trading practices is timely as at present the Shari'ah Advisory Council of Bursa Malaysia has yet to issue any resolution on its permissibility. The findings of the paper reveal that there are some identified issues in contra trading that require future in-depth deliberation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah stance on the goods and services tax (GST) on tabarru'-based takaful (Islamic insurance) products. This research uses a critical Shari'ah appraisal approach to examine the case for and against the imposition of GST on tabarru'-based takaful products in Malaysia. The research concludes that Shari'ah evidence does not support GST and that those who allow it apply a broad interpretation of maslahah to justify it. However, the research also concludes that having tabarru' as the basis for takaful is not a strong argument for objections to the imposition of GST. The research recommends that the government review the implementation of GST on the ground that takafully has become a need of the people, whether rich or poor. The paper also recommends a thorough study be conducted on the contemporary interpretation and application of zakah on trade merchandise (zakat 'urud al-tijarah) as a more Shari'sah-compliant alternative to GST. This research is the first to investigate the Shari'ah stance on the imposition of GST on tabarru'-based takaful products in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the Islamic Financial Services Act (IFSA 2013) on the takaful industry in Malaysia of compensation for late payment of takafully benefit claims. The research adopted a case study approach to examine the impact of IFSA 2013 on the takaful industry in Malaysia. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the top executives of the insurance industry in the country. The respondents were selected based on their experience in the takatful industry. The questionnaire was sent to the top managers in the insurance sector. The research concludes that despite the positive response from the takaful industry on the requirement of compensation, some operational and Shari'ah issues require further deliberation. The research proposes solutions and recommendations for the identified issues. The research will offer certainty to the takaful industry and explanation to academic and legal fraternities on the implementation of compensation for late payment of takafully benefits according to IFSA 2013. The research concludes that despite the positive response from the takasful industry on the requirement to compensate takafulness participants for late payments, some operational and Shari'ah issues require further deliberation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the optimum size of rotating qard hasan (QH) savings and credit associations (ROSCAs) and the factors that affect their efficiency. This paper is composed of three parts. The first part shows that QHAs are universal structures for informal saving and financing services. It also reviews different types of ROSCAs and the motivation for joining them. The second part discusses the optimum size of Q HAs and factors that affect it. The final part discusses compatibility of QHA financial contracts with Shari'ah standards. The study concludes with recommendations for the development of informal interest-free savings and credit associations in both Muslim and non-Muslim countries. The optimum size of ROSCAs is found to be three times larger than that of QHAs. Further, it is found that QHA financial contracts are more compatible with Shari'ah standards than their conventional counterparts. It is also found that the association's financial intermediation services are more efficient and cost-effective than those of ROSCA. This is the first study to analyse the optimum size of ROSCAs and the factors that affect their efficiency in Muslim and non-Muslim countries. It also discusses the compatibility of QHA financial contracts with Shari'ah standards.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the Shari'ah screening and cleansing criteria for shares with particular focus on the ISRA-Bloomberg's methodology in both aspects. The paper also discusses in detail the cleansing methodology proposed by ISra-Bloomberg for the income generated from stocks. This paper explains the Shari'ah screening criteria of stocks in general, with a special focus on the newly developed ISRA-Bloomberg Shari 'ah screening methodology. In addition, it discusses in detail the cleansing methodology proposed by ISra-Bloomberg for the income generated from stocks. In doing so, Shari'sah justifications and rationale of the methodology are also discussed, and comparison of its methodology with other criteria is furnished wherever needed. It is believed that the ISRA-Bloomberg Shari'ah screening and cleansing of stocks will be well received in the global market and will enhance the screening of shares and income cleansing exercises worldwide. It is also believed that this paper will be useful for investors to understand the process of the income cleansing of the profit or profit generated from stocks. This paper explains the Shari'ah screening and cleansing criteria for shares with particular focus on the ISRA-Bloomberg's methodology in both aspects. The methodology proposed by ISRA and Bloomberg is unique from many aspects that will be made clearer in the following sections of this paper.
The purpose of this paper is to critically review the global Islamic banking practices and identify how Islamic banking in Turkey resembles or differs from the practices of other prominent countries. It also examines a large number of key ratios reflecting business models and efficiency of conventional banks (CBs) and Islamic banks (IBs) in Turkey between 2005 and 2015 to provide a more comprehensive picture of the problems and to recommend workable solutions. This study critically reviews the global Islamic banking practices and compares them with those of Turkey. The Turkish Islamic banking sector is also compared with the conventional banking sector by using a large number of efficiency and profitability measures. The study finds that the market share of Islamic banks (IBs) in Turkey has stagnated at around 5 per cent, which is quite small compared to countries such as Malaysia (21 per cent), Qatar (26 per cent) and Kuwait (45 per cent). The reasons for the stagnation can be summarised in five dimensions: Shari'ah governance: No framework exists, and practices of IBs may widely differ. Instrument variety: IBs rely almost totally on murabahah. Perception of Islamic banking: The public seems to be not convinced of the Sharis'ah compliance of Islamic Banking. Inefficiency of IB's: The figures show that IBs are less efficient and the gap is widening. Lack of academic studies and research institutions: There are not sufficient intellectual efforts to tackle the aforementioned problems. This is the first study that critically reviews the global Islamic banking practices and compares them with those of Turkey. The Turkish Islamic banking sector is also compared with the conventional banking sector by using a large number of efficiency and profitability measures. This study also examines a number of key ratios reflecting business models and efficiency of conventional banks and IBs in Turkey between 2005 and 2015 to provide a more comprehensive picture of the problems and to recommend workable solutions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the basic concepts of purging, present a comparative study of the existing purging methodologies prevailing in the market, highlight the issues pertaining to the existing purge methodologies and propose issues for experts and researchers to research further. To illustrate the present discussion, a case study of purging based on a numerical example has been included in the last section of the paper. The argument has also been supported with empirical data related to the universe of Shari'ah-compliant stocks listed on Indian stock exchanges. Under the dividend method, purging is restricted to the case where the company distributes a dividend. If the company does not declare a dividend, or even if it does, but the investor had already sold his shares earlier, he is not required to purge any amount though the interest was earned when he held the shares. Hence, complete purging of impure income is not possible by using this method - in fact, only a very minor part of the interest gets purged. Under the AAOIFI method, the liability becomes the responsibility of the investor only if he continues to hold the shares till the end of the accounting period; otherwise, the entire liability of purging must be borne by someone else who was holding the shares at the time of the purging and may have perhaps held them for perhaps a fraction of the entire period over which they were held. This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comparative analysis of the existing purging methodologies in the Islamic finance industry. It is also the first to highlight the issues that need to be taken into account in the process of actual application of purging.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how the charitable institution of waqf (endowment) can be used to develop a sustainable model to promote the economic engagement of refugees. It delves into the establishment of microfinance and start-up funds to promote entrepreneurship among refugees in refugee camps and urban areas. The paper is based on a review of the available literature on the topic of microfinance and cash waqf. It discusses how the charitable institution of waqaf (endowment) can be used to develop a sustainable model to promote entrepreneurship among refugees in refugee camps and urban areas. The model incorporates some risk management measures, in particular, the reserve fund to cover the operational expenses and the takaful unit to address the issue of adverse selection and default risks. It is important to note that although the model is proposed for refugees, it can also be utilised to cater for microfinance programmes for all displaced and war-affected populations. This research note attempts to combine the advantages of microfinance and cash waqf to provide microfinancing facilities to refugees. The model incorporates some risk management measures, in particular, the reserve fund to cover the operational expenses and the takaful unit to address the issue of adverse selection and default risks.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new Shari'ah risk rating model for Islamic banks. The proposed model includes 14 factors to determine the degree of Shari'sah compliance of an Islamic bank. This rating will introduce a healthy competition among Islamic banks to comply with ShARI'ah laws and regulations. This paper proposes a new Shari'ah risk rating model for Islamic banks. The proposed model includes 14 factors that can be used to determine the degree of Shari'sah compliance of an Islamic bank. The weights assigned in the model were based on personal judgments, and these were correct. The proposed model has clearly differentiated the banks on basis of Shari'ah non-compliance risk. The weights assigned in the model were based on personal judgments, and these were correct to the extent that the end score calculated for each bank has clearly highlighted their strengths and weaknesses. The proposed model can be used by individuals and the public to check the Shari'ah compliance score of any bank. This rating will introduce a healthy competition among Islamic banks to comply with Shari'sah laws and regulations. Further research is required to apply the model to more Islamic financial institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the possibility of relaunching the takaful annuity retirement plan in Malaysia. It particularly seeks to address the key operational challenges in view of previous practices and input from industry players as well as research findings on annuities. The paper is based on a review of the existing literature on takaful annuities in Malaysia as well as some research outputs on the feasibility of the proposed product. It also draws on previous practices and input from industry players and research findings on the annuity market. Preliminary challenges found are the following: insufficient sukuk instruments that can be used in the accumulation stage of the annuity product. Downsizing of the sukUK market as a result of under-rating and possible default events. The challenge of longevity risk as people are living longer due to improved living conditions and health care programmes. This would mean that the regular payouts of the takaful annuities would have to undergo a harmonization of assets and liabilities to avoid paying more annuity for longer lives (asset-liability mismatch). The deficit of theannuity fund and the operational aspect of qardan (loan injection and repayment) and its repayment. This is the first attempt to explore the possibility of relaunching the takaful annuity retirement plan in Malaysia. It particularly seeks to address the key operational challenges in view of previous practices and input from industry players as well as research findings on annuities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the nature of micro-takaful as a tool of financial inclusion. It examines how zakah and waqf can be harnessed in micro- takaful to provide social security and uplift the economic conditions of underserved communities. The Shari'ah issues related to the use of zakAH and waquf as part of the micro-Takaful model are also examined. This paper is an exploratory study. It examines the nature of micro-takaful as a tool of financial inclusion and examines how zakah and waqf can be harnessed to provide social security and uplift the economic conditions of underserved communities in Malaysia. The Shari'ah issues related to the use of zakAH and waQf as part of the micro- takaful model are also examined. There is a need for zakah and waqf authorities to issue fatwas and work closely with takaful operators to come up with micro-takaful products to serve the needs of the society. The effective integration of both concepts in micro-Takaful to support financial inclusion will certainly have positive impacts on the lives of underprivileged members of the Society. This study has examined micro-takaful and discussed some pertinent Shari'ah issues and views of both past and present scholars in respect of utilisation of zakah and waqf in the micro- takaful model. Zakah is a legal instrument and waquf is a voluntary instrument to serve the poor and the needy for attaining social welfare. The effective integration of both concepts in micro-Takaful will certainly have positive impacts on the lives of underprivileged members of the society.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a theoretical study on the prohibition of bay'wa salaf and its link to the qard policy relating to Malaysian Islamic banking deposit products. The Malaysian central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), issued a policy document titled Qard in 2016 that mandates all Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia to revise all products based on wadi'ah yad damanah (savings with guarantee) to qard (loan) by 31 July 2018. This will affect deposit accounts. This paper adopts a theoretical study on the prohibition of bay'wa salaf and its link to the qard policy relating to Malaysian Islamic banking deposit products. The paper adopted the opinion of those who permitted organised tawarruq. The research was based on a review of the Shari'ah rulings on the combination of a sale and a loan in one transaction. The major findings of the research are as follows: the prohibited bay'wa salaf is a sale or an exchange contract in which one of the contracting parties stipulated (or acted in a manner equal to stipulation) that he will give a loan to, or receive a loan from, his counterparty alongside the contract, or a stipulation to sell or buy was included in a loan contract, thereby resulting in receiving the price and the benefit of the loan against the commodity or service delivered, or resulting in the seller selling a commodity and providing a loan facility to the buyer, as expressly ruled by the Prophet (peace be upon him). There is, however, disagreement among jurists on the status of such contracts that combine a sale and a loan in one transaction. Most jurists invalidated the contract ab initio without allowing for remedy, whilst the Maliki School validated the contract if the prospective beneficiary does not receive the loan. This paper is the first to investigate the Shari'ah rulings on the combination of a sale and loan in one transaction and linked such rulings to the Malaysian qard-based accounts and the ShARI'ah stance on IFIs using such deposits to carry out tawarruq transactions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between entrepreneurial resilience and Iranian organizations' resilience using the fuzzy data envelopment analysis (Fuzzy DANP). In this study, the authors have used the fuzzy DANP technique to analyze the data collected from a sample of Iranian entrepreneurs and their organizations. The data were analyzed using the fuzzy structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of this study confirm that organizations need to improve their resilience. Entrepreneurial resilience has been recognized in recent years as a key element in explaining entrepreneurial behavior overcoming discomfort, coping with uncertainty, and learning from past failures. Therefore, resiliency development is essential for entrepreneurs to keep up their businesses. The results of this study confirm that organizations need to improve their resilience. Today, there is growing interest in the development of corporate resilience, which includes crisis planning and gives companies the ability to survive and thrive despite adverse conditions. Many organizations and companies face many problems, and overcoming crisis situations and organizational resilience is one of the most important things in life.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the entrepreneurial competencies affect the micro-enterprise income and assets of micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia. Data were collected from the micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia using a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The findings of this study revealed that the commitment competency has a significant and positive effect on micro-enterprise income, whereas only opportunity recognition competencies has a positive and significant effect on the net-worth of micro-entrepreneurs' assets in Malaysia. The contribution of this study acknowledges the government or non-government development to expand the ideas and comprehension of the entrepreneurial competencies and at the same time, to understand its effects on increasing income and assets of the micro-enterprise among micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia. This will acknowledge the entrepreneurs and business owners/or business owners to distributing the concepts, information and experience, which can develop the overall knowledge and competencies among the entrepreneurs in related industries. Finally, the entrepreneurial Competencies, which are truthfully related to the income and asset, were expected to improve the net wealth assets of micro-Enterprise owners.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of prior founding experience of entrepreneurs on early board selection in new ventures. The authors hypothesize that, relative to novice entrepreneurs, experienced entrepreneurs are more likely to appoint early boards with greater human capital and with greater functional diversity. The authors collected data from 443 new ventures in the computer software and information technology industries between 2000 and 2014 and analyzed the human capital of board members in these ventures. The authors used logistic regression to test the hypotheses. The results show that experienced entrepreneurs are more likely to appoint early boards with greater human capital (entrepreneurial, technical/scientific, industry-specific, marketing, finance and director) and with greater functional diversity. The authors find broad support for most dimensions of human capital. This study is one of the few attempts to compare the board appointment/selection behavior of novice and experienced entrepreneurs, which, to the best of the authors' knowledge, has not been done before. This study contributes to the entrepreneurship literature, which has extensively studied boards in new ventures but has largely neglected the mechanism of board selection in these ventures.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the entrenchment of managers can affect influence firms' dividend payment decisions and the investor sentiment in the Tunisia context. This study is built upon the predictions of both the catering theory of dividends and dividend decision, and contributes to the somewhat sparse empirical literature towards understanding the implications of investor sentiment by examining the moderating role played by the entrenchment of managers and corporate governance mechanism, using a sample of large quoted firms in the Tunisia stock exchange. In fact, the research makes a further check to see which manager's entrenchments moderate dividend payout and investor sentiment. The results of the empirical analysis reveal, in the first place, that the decision to distribute dividend by firms depends on the managers' degree of entrenchment investor preference for dividend-paying stocks translates into lower payout ratios in those firms with high levels of managerial ownership. Second, investor sentiment is positively impacted by firms with a high degree ofEntrenchment managers, for which investors manifest weaker expectations about receiving higher dividends. This study is built upon the predictions of both the catering theory of dividends and dividend decision, and contributes to the somewhat sparse empirical literature towards understanding the implications of investor sentiment by examining the moderating role played by the entrenchment of managers and corporate governance mechanism, using a sample of large quoted firms in the Tunisia stock exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the main factors that influence the green purchasing behavior (GPB) of young customers in Sindh, Pakistan. Green purchasing is so far a very new notion in Pakistan and, therefore, literature on promotion of GPB is still lacking. Green products have been defined by other researchers as products which do not cause pollution on Earth or natural resources' depletion, and can also be recycled. Despite concerns for environment and customers' positive attitude to green products and sustainability, market share of green products remains limited to just 1-3% of the whole market. Owing to this situation, there is a dire need to explore buying behavior of a young generation belonging to the region and also to educate and motivate them to buy green products. The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey in Upper Sindh, Pakistan. The respondents for this study were young people (15-32 years) as they account for more than 50% of the population of Pakistan. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 24. The results of the study indicate that the respondents are aware of environmental issues and are concerned about the impact of these issues on the environment. However, they are not willing to buy green products due to lack of knowledge, awareness and awareness of green purchasing behavior (GPB) of young generation in Pakistan. This study is one of the first of its kind in Pakistan to explore the GPB of young customers in Sindh, Pakistan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for organizations and governments to understand the green purchasing behavior of the young generation in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the extent to which small and medium enterprises (SMEs) have embraced the born global strategy and the Uppsala model, the role institutional environment (IE) plays in the debate and lessons for Nigerian and African SMEs in their quest for internationalization. The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and regression analysis. This study reveals that most of the Nigerian firms under consideration have been able to achieve only regional internationalization and none can be said to have fully been ableto achieve what can be termed full internationalization. Considering the dynamic nature of the institutional environment, fast-paced nature and the numerous issues Nigerian firms contend with in their daily business operations, there is a strong need to further this study to robust empirical studies preferably to a mixed methodology to these emerging phenomena on prospects and challenges associated with internationalization by Nigerian firms. This study contributes to the existing literature on internationalization and issues surrounding the challenges faced by Nigerian firms in their quest for internationalization by showing how some of the firms in Nigeria have been able to adjust to the challenges and the numerous prospects that can be harnessed by a firm in the international market. This article also took a critical look at the Internationalization process model by Johnson and Vahlne examining the 1977 model, what the elements in the model stand for when internationalization is discussed and the new internationalization model by same authors in 2009 explaining some changes that necessitated the new model and how the model has been ableto fully capture issues relating to the internationalization process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of customer satisfaction as a mediator and perceived price as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry of Pakistan. The study was conducted in the restaurant industry of Pakistan. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the customers of restaurants in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. A total of 300 questionnaires were distributed to the restaurant customers. The responses were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results of the study proved the role of customer satisfaction as a mediator and perceived price as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry of Pakistan. Few studies have been conducted in Pakistan, with customer satisfaction as a mediator, but it is done in the financial and telecom industry. The present study has tried to fill this gap concerning developing countries and Pakistan, as price determines future consumption. Perceived price is not tested as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of entrepreneurial skills developed by undergraduates (ESDU) as a plausible mediator of the relationship between entrepreneurship education (EE) and sustainable development (CVSD). The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from a sample of 300 university undergraduates from various disciplines in Nigeria. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study revealed that ESDU mediates the relationship between EE and CVSD. Specifically, the results of this study showed that the mediating role of ESD U was found to be significant. The findings of the current study also revealed that the effect of EE on CVSD was mediated by ESDUs. This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of ESDU as a plausible mediator of the relationship between EE and CVSD in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effect of behavioural antecedents of available resources on electrical installation and maintenance works (EIMW) students' entrepreneurial intentions (EIs) using the theory of planned behaviour (TPB). Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from EIMW students in technical colleges in Lagos State, a south-west region in Nigeria using the theory of planned behaviour (TPB). Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data collected. The results of the study showed that attitude, subjective norms, perceived behavioural control and perceived efficacy are behavioural antecedents that can be manipulated by the exogenous factor to enhance EIMW students' entrepreneurial intentions (EIs). This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of behavioural antecedents of available resources on EIMW students' EIs using the theory of planned behaviour.
The purpose of this paper is to understand whether entrepreneurial education imbibes entrepreneurial orientation (EO) among engineering students. The authors wanted to test whether students' performance in the Technology Entrepreneurship Programme (TEP) influences the propensity of entrepreneurial firms to hire them. The authors use data from a novel intervention, the Technology Entrepreneurship Programme (TEP), which is aimed at imbibing proactiveness, innovativeness, creativity and risk-taking among engineering students. The authors use structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The preliminary results suggest that superior performance in TEP is associated with a greater likelihood of acquiring a job with entities that are innovative, in our case, MNCs. Moreover, the acquisition of EO is facilitated by a selection process that picks students with a penchant for rigourous coursework as exemplified by the fact that students that are admitted into the programme are those who perform better in their respective engineering college curriculum. To the authors' knowledge, there is very little work that examines the antecedents of EO at the individual level. In this study, by using data from a novel intervention, which sought to imbibe EO within individuals, the authors take an initial but a crucial first step in understanding whether EO can be taught.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the impact of women entrepreneurs on economic development around the globe. Along this main objective, the study also intended to measure their impact on globalization and gender inequality. This study uses the data of 77 countries. This study uses the data of 77 countries from female entrepreneurship index (FEI) 2015 report developed by global entrepreneurship and development institute (GEDI). The FEI has been used as a proxy of women entrepreneurship (WE), and human development index (HDI) has been use as aproxy of economic development. Along this main objective, the study also intended to measure the impact of globalization which is directly measured through globalization index (GI) and gender inequality index (GII) which is indirectly measured through GII. The results of this study illustrated the positive impact of women entrepreneurship on all economies of world including developed and developing nations. It is pertinent to note that motives of women entrepreneurs are different for developing and developed countries. In most of the regions of the world, local ethics and cultural values define the roles of women working outside the territory and creating hurdles to their ventures around the globe. So, apart from technical and financial expertise, women have to overcome the cultural and ethical barriers if they want to be successful as entrepreneurs. This study uniquely contributes in the body of knowledge to measure the pace of economic development at global level. Various studies have examined the entrepreneurial ventures irrespective of gender but ignored the share of female business women in the economy. By associating the women entrepreneurship with other economic development estimators of globalization and gender inequality, this study uniquely addresses this particular issue.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an evidence-based understanding of the root causes that drive the entrepreneurial small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) growth in Pakistan so that policymakers can have a better hold on how to develop SMEs. The study focuses on the relationship between trade credit (TC), retain earning (RE) and small small and medium enterprises' performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 entrepreneurial small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The findings of the study revealed that all the independent variables have a robust and positive association with entrepreneurial SMEs performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans. The study also revealed that trade credit (TC), retain earning (TC) and small small and medium enterprises (SMEs) performance are positively associated with CL. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the determinants of entrepreneurial SMEs performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans in Pakistan. The findings of the study revealed that all the independent variables have a robust and positive association with entrepreneurial SME performance.
The purpose of this study is to know the different factors that persuade travelers from the Philippines, Singapore and Indonesia to trust and use Airbnb. A survey was conducted in the three Southeast Asian cities, namely, Manila, Jakarta and Singapore. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to Airbnb hosts in each of the three cities. A total of 1,000 valid questionnaires were collected and analyzed using Hayes' Process Macro and mediation analysis. The results show that there are total effects among independent, mediating and dependent variables. This translates that users of Airbnb can trust the company and use the technology if they find it easy, convenient, secure and information social influence. Information social influence played an important part when it comes to trust as this economy relies on social media and previous user's ratings for quality measurement. This research fills in the gap by expanding and formulating a deeper understanding of the antecedents of trust that influence consumer behavioral intention to use Airbnb. The results of this study may be useful for Airbnb company, Airbnb hosts, practitioners in the sharing economy industry and marketers by effectively identifying specific factors that influence consumers' behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of supply chain collaboration and national policies on innovations of Malaysian light emitting diode (LED) manufacturing companies. It also examines the moderating role of corporate entrepreneurship in the relationship between national policies and innovations. This study used a quantitative survey method to collect the data. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results indicate that the national policies and supply chain collaboration have a positive and significant impact on innovations of Malaysian LED manufacturing companies. However, corporate entrepreneurship has a moderating effect on the relationship between national policies, supply chain collaborations and innovations. This study is expected to enrich the existing literature in several ways by proposing a new conceptual framework. In this study, institutional theory and resource-based view are integrated, and it postulates that the innovativeness of a firm may be influenced by the interaction between the external supports and internal factors. It is also proposed in this study that the ability of a technological firm to reap the benefits of national policies and supply chain collaboration is depending on the firm's ability to discover, create, seize and exploit the internal resources.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the association among boreout, mobbing and service innovation performance. The secondary aim of this study is to examine the mediating effect of boreout on this relationship. The data were collected from the employees working in the manufacturing sector of Iran. The sample of this study consists of 1,000 employees of manufacturing companies. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of this study reveal that mobbing has a negative effect on the service innovation performance of the employees working in the manufacturing sector. The results also reveal that boreout has a partial mediating effect in the relationship between mobbing and service innovation behavior. The new knowledge that this study adds to the literature is the determination of the mediation effect of boreout in the relationship between mobbing and service innovation performance. With the knowledge to be obtained, significant contributions will be provided to management, business, psychology, innovation and entrepreneurship literature.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the mediating role of entrepreneurial education in the relationship between entrepreneurial education and entrepreneurial intentions among undergraduate students in a tertiary institution in Ghana. The study employed a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from a random sample of 1,000 undergraduate students at the University of Cape Coast, Ghana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study revealed that entrepreneurial education has a positive and significant effect on the entrepreneurial intention of undergraduate students in Ghana. The results also revealed that the effect of entrepreneurial education on entrepreneurial intention is mediated by the entrepreneurial attitude of the students. The findings of this study, therefore, suggest that the introduction of entrepreneurship education in the tertiary institutions in Ghana has had a positive effect on entrepreneurial intentions of students. This study is the first of its kind to examine the mediating role of entrepreneurial education in the relationship between entrepreneurial education and entrepreneurial intentions among undergraduate students in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents of attitude towards entrepreneurship among Asnaf Millennials from low-income households in Malaysia. The study was interested in the study by Gartner (1985) in constructing and testing the theory that connected the concepts of traits that can precede the attitude toward entrepreneurship. The conceptual model was designed according to the psychology of trait theory. The theory of psychology explained the characteristics of an individual are different because of personality traits. However, the theory would not be suitable to explain the traits among AsNaf Millennials, as it is commonly used for entrepreneurs among millennials. A questionnaire was used to collect the data from Asnaf Millennials from rural areas in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). It was found that traits of INN need for the achievement and ILC can influence the attitude towards entrepreneurship except for the following: risk-taking propensity, internal locus of control and tolerance of ambiguity. This result revealed that Asnaf Millennials were concerned about their own characteristics of being entrepreneurs in the future. This study is one of the few studies on the entrepreneurship of millennials from low-income households in Malaysia that focussed on demographic factors and traits that can influence the attitude towards entrepreneurship. The findings of this study can help the government, development, development organisations and relevant research organisations to focus on improving the socio-economic status of Asnaf Millennials.
The purpose of this paper is to understand and evaluate whether (and how) students enrolling in two different types of educational programs - vocational and academic - differed in their entrepreneurial characteristics and orientations. In this regard, four constructs that find mention in a wide range of entrepreneurial research - perceived self-efficacy (PSE), personality characteristics (PC), subjective norms (SN) and entrepreneurial intentions (EIs) - were used to investigate the difference between the two sets of student groups. The study was conducted in the entrepreneurial hub of India, Bangalore, using a cross-sectional survey design. The sample was divided into two groups - vocational and academic students - and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study show that the students opting for a vocational program are more likely to be more entrepreneurial than those opting for an academic program in terms of perceived self-efficacy (PSE), subjective norms (SN) and entrepreneurial intentions (EIs). The results also show that PSE, SN, PC and EI are positively associated with EIs. This study is one of the first to look into an individual's choice of a particular program and its corresponding impact on the four variables in a context and setting where starting up new businesses has seen a steady rise in the incidence of new businesses.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between personality traits (PTs) of employees and intrapreneurial behaviour (IB) and the moderating role of knowledge sharing behaviour (KSB) in a developing country context. The data were collected from a sample of 585 engineers working in various organizations in India. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. The findings of this study revealed that intrapreneurship was found to be positively related to knowledge sharing behaviour (KSB) and personality traits of employees. Knowledge sharing behaviour moderated the relationship between personality traits (PTs) and IB. The results also revealed that KSB moderates the relationship of personality traits with intrapraneurial behaviour (IB). This study contributes theoretically to intrapreneurship literature by providing insights on PTs impacting IB and comparing the difference between diverse groups of employees. The findings of this study can be useful for human resource departments in corporations in selecting engineers and other professionals for employments according to PTs suitable for specific employment. This study also presents implications for firms seeking intrapraneurship as a competitive advantage in discovering the benefits of knowledge sharing in developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of market orientation on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) innovativeness in Yemen. Specifically, the paper examines if customer orientation, competitor orientation, inter-functional coordination and supplier orientation have a significant impact on SME innovativism. This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was distributed to a sample of 300 SMEs in Yemen. The responses were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The findings of this study indicate that customer orientation, competitor orientation, inter-functional coordination and supplier orientation have a significant impact on SME innovativeness. The results also indicate that supplier orientation has a significant positive impact on the relationship between market orientation and SME innovation. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of market orientation on SME innovativeness in the context of Yemeni SMEs.
The purpose of this paper is to report the results on the influence of entrepreneurial framework conditions (EFCs) on business sustainability among youth and women entrepreneurs using the global entrepreneurship monitor and monitor (GEM) model. The study uses the global entrepreneurship monitor (GEM) model using a sample of 390 youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that EFCs have a positive and significant impact on business sustainability among the youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. The results also show that the EFC of availability of financial sources for new businesses, government support policies or programs, business education and training, the efficiency of the technological transfer mechanisms, the access to professional support services for the new businesses and the physical infrastructures, social norms and cultural values, and so forth, are some of the institutional factors that have a bearing on the sustainability of the businesses. However, the results do not show any significant impact of the entrepreneurial framework conditions on the business sustainability. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence on the influence of EFCs on business sustainability among youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. It is the first of its kind in the context of developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the role of entrepreneurial intention in promoting women entrepreneurship among women entrepreneurs in India. Entrepreneurial intention plays a vital role for any decision to take place for starting any firm. Most entrepreneurship research on individual level analysis has focused on the entrepreneurial activities of male entrepreneurs. It is explicitly found in earlier research findings that there is no significant difference in male and female entrepreneurs. Several other studies were conducted with a focus on studying the gender differences in entrepreneurship. It has been stated in some studies by that women entrepreneurs are different from that of men in terms of characteristics, background, motivation, entrepreneurial skills and the problems faced by them. In addition, studies have pointed that men and women use different strategies and organizational structures while managing business enterprises. The conceptual model has been developed based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB) and the social capital theory (SCCT). The model is tested using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 women entrepreneurs in India. The findings of the study indicate that personal characteristics, subjective norms, entrepreneurial ecosystem, entrepreneurial self-efficacy, perceived desirability, perceived feasibility and entrepreneurial potential have a significant impact on the entrepreneurial intention of women entrepreneurs in India. In addition, it has been found that perceived feasibility has a significant influence on the intention to start a business. This study provides new insights into the literature by providing a well-organized conceptual model for measuring entrepreneurial intention among women entrepreneurs. The model addresses the role of personal characteristics, subjective norms, entrepreneurial ecosystem, entrepreneurial self-efficacy in influencing perceived desirability, perceived feasibility and entrepreneurial potential towards the entrepreneurial intention. The obtained result also brings the significant implications for practice as well as raises a broad future direction for other researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated model of non-profit organization (NPO) donation-related behaviors. To achieve this aim, the study examined the influence of three key mediating variables of donor loyalty, namely, attitude toward beneficiaries, trust and self-esteem in one integrative model. A survey was conducted to collect data. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The empirical results reveal that attitude toward beneficiary is influenced by shared value and familiarity. Similarly, the donor's self-esteem is affected byshared value and esteem identity. Furthermore, the findings indicate that NPO trust is affected By role competence and familiarity but not By shared value. Rather, trust and self- esteem have significant impacts on the intention to continue donating to the NPO, and PWOM intention as hypothesized. Nonetheless, attitude toward the beneficiary has no significant impact on both intention to continued donating and PW OM intention. This study is the first attempt to develop an integrated model of NPO donation-related behaviors. The findings of this research can serve as a working framework for NPO marketers in determining the priority of marketing activities to achieve maximum efficiency of limited marketing budget execution and in implementing marketing activities in order to enhance donor loyalty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether variations across firms in observed market timing theory result in systematic variations in observed life cycle of the firm in the Tunisian and French context. The authors test this hypothesis by assessing the impact of the ownership structure and life cycle on the market timing Theory using data of 24 Tunisian firms listed on the stock exchange and 100 French firms listed in Paris trading. Using an international sample (Tunisia and France) extracted from the Worldscope database for the period 2005-2014, the authors perform Fama-MacBeth regressions as well as GMM to test the hypotheses about the role of life cycle stages on the firms' leverage. The results confirm the relevant role of the factor and provide information on the differential effect of variables across stages. This constitutes the main contribution: why firms choose different levels of debt in different stages of their lifecycles. The authors found that the life cycle variable reflecting the market timing is not significant in either context; it means that no significant support is found for the theory of market timing. This paper contributes to two main research lines (market timing theory and business life cycle), by adding a dynamic factor to explain the choice of leverage by managers. Unlike the previous study by La Rocca et al. (2011), in which age is the criterion to distinguish between three life cycle stages, the authors use a measure that considers the ability of generating turnover at the different business levels of the firm. And this criterion allows us to identify three stages. Besides, the work is applied to quoted firms, while in La RocCA et al.'s (2011) study only small and medium-sized firms are considered.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of innovative low-cost strategy and competitive intensity on performance of restaurants in Ghana. Specifically, the study investigates the performance of the restaurants through the combined effects of innovation low- Cost Strategy and Competitive intensity. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of restaurant owners/managers in Ghana. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results of the study indicate that the pursuit of low-cost strategy is extremely relevant to restaurants in Ghana. Concerning the effect of competitive intensity, it is observed that though it is positively related to all the performance indicators, the strength of the impact is weak in terms of financial performance. The effect of the relationship supports the findings of Cadogan et al. (2003). This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of innovative low-cost strategy and competitive intensity on the performance of restaurants in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the entrepreneurial characteristics of university students and compare these characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups in the Indian context. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the students of a private university in India. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0 software. The sample size of the study was 1,000 and the responses were collected from the respondents who are students of the University of Pune. The results of the study indicate that there is no significant difference in the level of entrepreneurial characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups. However, there is a significant difference between the levels of characteristics between the two groups. The results also indicate that the entrepreneurial characteristics of university students are significantly higher among the not inclined group compared to the entrepreneurly inclined group. This study is the first of its kind in the Indian context which has measured the entrepreneurial characteristics among university students and tried to establish a difference in levels of characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups.
Although fostering creativity and innovation has been investigated to be a driver of numerous benefits, it's negative consequences (i.e. unethical behaviors) have received little attention. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of climate for creativity and innovativeness (CCI) in linking personal unethical sales behavior to sales performance, and to explore how CCI, task characteristics (e.g. difficulty, clarity and performance pressure) and psychological states ( mindfulness, self-justification) contribute to unethical sales behaviors. Data were collected from salespeople working in Vietnamese firms. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that CCI is positively related to sales performance and unethical sales behavior. Further, CCI, task characteristics (e.g. difficulty, clarity and performance pressure) and salespeople's psychological states ( mindfulness, self-justification) are found to have significant effects on unethical sales behaviors. Moreover, the results also show that salespeople with high levels of self- justification are more likely to engage in unethical behavior. This paper contributes to the literature by clarifying the role of CCI in linking personal unethical sales behavior to sales performance, and extending to explore how CCI, task characteristics and individual factors may interact to influence on unethical behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between co-creation and customer satisfaction in the banking sector. The study examines the impact of co- creation on customer satisfaction. The data were collected from the customers of three private and three public sector banks in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that co-creation has a positive and significant impact on customer satisfaction. The factors contributing towards co-creating customer satisfaction include access to information, risk assessment, transparency and dialogue. However, dialogue was found to be a weaker factor in co-created customer satisfaction than the other factors. The results also show that the relationship between the DART model and customer satisfaction is significant. The current study is unique in terms of considering the service sector, that is banks, that are, rather than considering the manufacturing sector and the co-creation construct is added to the existing framework. This study highlights the importance of co- creation in benefiting the organization and customers for long-lasting relationships. The findings of the current study can help the banks and customers to understand the benefits that can be gained through co-created products and services.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effects of factors affecting the fulfillment of open innovation in companies based in science and technology parks (STPs) in Yazd in Iran, considering the importance of applying open innovation strategies (external technology acquisition and external technology exploitation) in the context of an innovative culture and then examine the impact of the amount of the open innovation on organizational performance. The present study used the structural equation modeling (SEM) approach to evaluate the impact of components such as external technology acquisition, external technology exploitation, and culture of innovation on open innovation and then examined the amount of impact of open innovation on organizational performance. The statistical population of the study included all the companies operating in STPs in the city of Yazd in Iran and they received 109 questionnaires. The results showed significant (t-values = 3.73) and positive (path coefficient = 0.59) correlation between the effect of open innovation on organizational performance in STPs in Yazd, but this hypothesis was rejected in the context of an innovative culture. The results also showed that external technology acquisition and external technology exploitation have a positive and significant impact on value creation and organizational performance. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of open innovation on organizational performance in the context of STPs in Yazd.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the Internet of Things (IoT) on social innovation (SIs) in Japan. The IoT has been instrumental in the promotion of innovation, improving the exchange of ideas and the development of knowledge management systems. It is a disruptive innovation that is altering the way in which information and knowledge is managed within organizations to foster knowledge flows, open flow of knowledge and knowledge management system. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was sent to 1,000 small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Japan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results show that the impact of the IoT on social innovation (SIs) in Japan is positive and significant. The IoT has been instrumental in the promotion of innovation, improving the exchange of ideas and the development of knowledge management systems. It is a disruptive innovation that is altering the way in which information and knowledge is managed within organizations to foster knowledge flows, open flow of knowledge and knowledge management system. This study contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the impact of the IoT on social innovation in Japan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other countries that are in the process of implementing the IoT in their society.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. Specifically, this study aims to investigate the effects of training on microenterprise ownership and performance. The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a sample of low-income households in Peninsular Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) approach. The results of the study revealed that there is a significant positive relationship between micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. Specifically, it was found that the training has a positive and significant impact on the entrepreneurial competency of low- Income Households. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers, development organizations, microfinance organizations, and researchers in the field of microenterprises.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of factors affecting the technology acceptance and use behaviours of women entrepreneurs on women's entrepreneurship motivation factors (WEM). This study was carried out with the help of a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the women entrepreneurs in the area of technology acceptance and use behaviour and women's entrepreneurship motivation factors (WEM). The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). Qualitative research results reveal the expectations of women entrepreneurs. These expectations generally focus on financial and social support and fairness practices. In addition, unfair practices that women have experienced may also cause responses to be reactive. For this reason, it is recommended that WEM should be evaluated with various model studies for future research. This study model, which is examined in the context of the interaction of women entrepreneurship with technology, should be carried out with mediating variables such as leadership types, burn out or bore out. It is recommended that this study model on mobile internet should be examined in other technologies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the antecedents of entrepreneurial intentions amongst business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana, using theory of planned behaviour (TPB) control. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a random sample of 300 business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data. The results show that PBC, SN and PBC have a positive significant effect on EI. In addition, SN between PBC and EI was found to be a direct antecedent to intentions. The study achieved statistically significant explanatory power of 62.5 per cent of the variations in EI, due to the relationships between the variables. This study is one of the first to examine the antecedents of entrepreneurial intentions amongst business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana, using theory of planned behaviour (TPB) control. The study also extends the literature in this interesting field that has long over-relied on literature generated in the Western world.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate that how narcissism construct moderating effect between CEO and the entrepreneurial orientation (EO) in small firms i.e. registered private schools in different cities of Pakistan. Data were collected from 121 registered private schools in different cities of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study show that the EO of the organizations led by founder CEO is better than those led by a hired CEO. CEO narcissism has a moderating effect on the relationship between CEO ownership and EO. This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the relationship between CEO narcissism and EO in the context of private schools.
The purpose of this paper is to establish an interconnection between marketing and entrepreneurship, particularly from the perspective of micro, small and medium scale enterprises (MSMEs) in emerging markets (EMs). It is hypothesized that the level of market orientation of a firm determines the degree of entrepreneurial behaviour. Further, development of prudent marketing policies remains the pivot for true entrepreneurial success. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of MSMEs operating in Ghana. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS) technique. The findings of the study reveal that the level of market orientation of a firm determines the degree of entrepreneurial behaviour. Further, development of prudent marketing policies remains the pivot for true entrepreneurial success. In other words, entrepreneurial principles anchor on marketing thoughts in a highly uncertain business environment affect MSME growth. This study is the first of its kind to examine the nexus between marketing and entrepreneurial success in emerging markets from the perspective of MSMEs in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the factors that affect the brand image and consumer satisfaction towards the Islamic travel package in Malaysia. A questionnaire was used to collect the data from Muslim consumers in Islamic hub in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results of this study confirmed that product quality has a positive and significant effect on brand image and Islamic physical attribute has a mediating effect on the relationship between product quality and consumer satisfaction. The results also confirmed that Islamic beliefs can affect brand image. Finally, the results confirmed that brand image has a direct effect on consumer satisfaction and mediates the effect of product quality on the product quality-consumer satisfaction relationship. This study is the first of its kind to examine the factors affecting the brand image and consumer satisfaction towards the Islamic travel package in Malaysia. The results of this study can be used to develop the image and offer Islamic travel packages that match the requirements of the new market.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the challenges encountered by the Tibetan entrepreneurs in obtaining credit and financial growth in Karnataka state. The study focuses on the evaluation and exploring the probable and suitable financial resources to prospective entrepreneurs residing in the vicinity of the state considered for the research. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the Tibetan entrepreneurs residing in the vicinity of the state considered for the research. A total of 1,194 questionnaires were distributed among the respondents. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21. The findings of the study reveal that the majority of the Tibetan entrepreneurs are not much dependent on accessing credit from the bank as their source of finance is informal through friends and relatives. These entrepreneurs face challenges and problems due to lack of availability of finance, technical knowledge, managerial skills, availability of resources and infrastructure, awareness about entrepreneurship schemes and regulatory framework, market linkage, etc. which obstruct the growth and development of the entrepreneurship in the country. The study is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by the Tibetan entrepreneurs in obtaining credit and financial growth in Karnataka state. It also reflects that India can be a destination as a prospective business arena for a migrated community. Indian economy promotes budding entrepreneurs as a panacea to address major problems of employment and poverty.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how Google search influence the entrepreneur on both sides, such as the number of firms and an amount of capital. This is a standard reference for not only academic researchers but also policymakers when promulgating any policies regarding entrepreneurial movements. This paper uses the threshold regression approach to investigate the relationship between Google keywords and the number of firms and an amount of capital in Vietnam. In the lower regime of the number of companies, most keywords contribute to a quantity change of firms. However, it does not persist in the higher region. In contrast, the higher regime for an amount of money is influenced by keywords. Finally, this study suggests that the process of company establishment is not caused by any long-term shocks. In the short run, there is a small change among these keywords by shifting from one to another one. This paper contributes a piece of new empirical evidence regarding Google keywords and the number of firms and an amount of registered capital in the context of Vietnam by threshold regression. Therefore, the study presents some meaningful findings.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the factors affecting the performance of Indonesian special food small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in entrepreneurial orientation in Batu Batu, East Java. Based on the previous studies on SMEs producing Indonesian special food in East Java, it is necessary to comprehensively examine the factors determining the performance of SMEs in entrepreneurial orientation in Batu Batu. Therefore, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data from the SMEs. The sample size for this study was 1,000, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that entrepreneurial orientation has a significant positive effect on business performance, while environmental dynamism, consisting of the uncertainty of environment and intensity of competition, and business strategies have a significant negative effect on the business performance. Based on the previous studies, especially on SMEs producing Indonesian special food in East Java, we know that SMEs in Batu Batu show superior performance. Therefore, it is necessary to comprehensively examine the factors determining the performance of SMEs. The thing that must be considered is how to anticipate weaknesses and constraints faced by SME business people.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mechanisms through which network reliance (NR) by rural farmer- entrepreneurs influences entrepreneurial performance (PERF). It is proposed that entrepreneurs who depend highly on their networks are more likely to acquire knowledge, which helps them improve upon their PERF. The study also extends the existing literature by looking at the mediation and moderation factors that interacts with NR, emotional intelligence (EI) and knowledge acquisition (KA) to influence entrepreneurial performance. Data were collected from a sample of rural farmer- entrepreneurs in India. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results of the study revealed that NR and KA mediate the relationship between network reliance and entrepreneurial PERF. It was also found that EO and EI play a moderating role in the relationships between KA and NR and between NR and PERF, whilst EI moderates the relationship of NR and knowledge acquisition. The study is an extension of previous studies, which recommended for future researchers to consider the moderation effect of the economic situation, culture and emotions on the relationship between NR and opportunity recognition. The study also extends the existing literature by looking at the mediation and moderation factors that interacts with NR, and KA to influence PERF.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of innovation capabilities on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. The study also examines the role of service innovation in the attainment of service success. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the top managers of Pakistani cellular companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that the innovation capabilities have a positive and significant impact on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. It is also found that there is a significant positive relationship between innovation capabilities and service innovation. However, there is no significant relationship between service innovation and new service success. This study is the first of its kind to empirically examine the impact of innovation capabilities on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. The findings of this study would be useful for the managers of the cellular companies to understand the importance of the innovation capabilities for the attainment of new service success.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between green purchase awareness and green purchase behavior (GRPB) and examine the mediating role of environmental concern as a mediator in this relationship. The study has two main objectives that are to ascertain the relationship of green awareness and GRPB and to examine whether environmental concern mediates the relationship. Data were collected from a sample of 300 respondents using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to analyze the data. The results of the study revealed that environmental concern mediates the relationship between green purchase awareness and green purchase behavior (GRPB). It was also found that green awareness has a positive effect on GRPB. However, green purchase intention does not mediate the relationship of environmental concern with green purchase intentions. Moreover, the results of this study also revealed that green purchase experience has a negative effect on green purchase intent. This study is one of the first of its kind to examine the relationship between green purchase awareness and GRPB in a developing country context. The findings of this study will be useful for the policy makers and researchers to understand the factors that influence the green purchase behavior of the masses.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of entrepreneurial competencies on micro-enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan, Malaysia. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of micro-enterprises in Kelantan, Malaysia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the research hypotheses. The result of the path analysis and mediation test substantiated that entrepreneurial skills and market orientation were resources of the firms, thereby affecting performance directly and indirectly. Moreover, networking was a unique resource that influenced enterprise performance through entrepreneurial competencies. Although this finding disagrees with the proposed hypothesis, it contributed to the literature of RBV in specific. This study was crucial for suggesting possible ways to improve the socio-economic conditions of low-income households through micro-enterprise performance. This study also contributed to the RBV literature by examining both direct and indirect effect of entrepreneurial skills, market orientation, sales orientation and networking on enterprise performance.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a validated measure of individual social entrepreneurship orientation (IEO) in social entrepreneurship (S-ENT) context (hereafter mentioned as ISEO). The study adopted a two-step approach. First, a literature review was conducted to develop a conceptual model of IEO in the S-ENT context. Second, a questionnaire was developed and administered to a sample of students and faculty members of a private university in India. The data were analysed using exploratory factor analysis and confirmatory factor analyses. The ISEO scale was found to be a valid and reliable measure of IEO in the context of S-ENT. The findings of the study revealed that IEO is a multidimensional construct consisting of four dimensions (i.e. self-efficacy, self-direction, social orientation and social responsibility). The study also found that the ISEO can be used as a tool to assess the competencies of social entrepreneurs in terms of their social orientation. This study is the first attempt to develop a validated measure of IEO in the S-ENT context. The ISEO scale would be helpful for students, faculty members, social entrepreneurs and government, as well as for other social entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior and the mediating role of psychological capital in this relationship. In this study, the impact of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior was examined by a comprehensive literature review. The data were collected from the employees of joint stock companies registered in Chamber of Commerce of the People's Republic of China. A questionnaire was used to collect the data. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was employed to test the research hypotheses. It is found that psychological capital mediates the effect of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior in this study, which we conducted on the employees of joint stock companies registered in Chamber of Commerce, that there is a significant relationship between ethical leadership, service innovation and psychological capital. The majority of participants are in the 25-35 age range at higher school level. In addition, the majority of the participants are married, have less than five years of work experience, male and do not have vocational qualification. This study provides an examination of the mediating role of psychological capital in the influence of the ethical leadership on the service innovation behavior that allows ethical values to be passed on to the audience. In this study, the impact of ethical leadership was examined by a comprehensive literature review.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the simultaneous impact of individual and team-based entrepreneurship to bring innovation within small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the context of Pakistan. Data were collected from a sample of 300 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) operating in the manufacturing sector of Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study reveal that team-based entrepreneurship has a positive and significant impact on the innovation performance of SMEs. In addition, the study reveals that communication and collaboration within a firm have a positive impact on collective entrepreneurship. To the best of the authors' knowledge, the present study is the first empirical investigation on the nexus of entrepreneurship and innovation performance in the context of SME sector of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance of corporate entrepreneurship in our ever-industrializing world and the relationships between the strategic approaches and internal innovation performance. This paper organizes, integrates and evaluates previously published works in a comprehensive literature review to devise strategic approaches for increasing corporate entrepreneurial behavior and identify the relationship between the strategies and a corporation's internal innovation performance. This paper proposes a conceptual framework that minimizes external mergers and acquisitions and focuses on improving internal innovation performance. This research discusses the relationships among the inputs and outputs and finds that internal innovativeness will increase and that employees will be more inclined to demonstrate corporate entrepreneurial behavior once the strategic approaches are inputs. This research contributes to both theory and practice by analyzing the relationship between corporate entrepreneurial approaches and internal innovation performance. Without the use of external methods for innovation, corporations cannot maintain the innovativeness, pro-activeness and risk-taking behavior of employees unless they are focused on internal innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to explore Accelerators and their practices in sustaining start-ups within their innovative programs. And with an ever-increasing demand for Accelerators amongst start-up companies, this study will demonstrate the importance of Accelerators in new venture creation. The research presented herein uses an exploratory case study approach to examine a comparative view of leading Accelerator companies in the USA and Korea based on resource-based perspective. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the top executives of Accelerators in Korea and the USA. Accelerators are recognized as a new player in promoting entrepreneurial ecosystems, but their specific impact on the market is not yet clear. Accelerators play a critical role in fostering entrepreneurship. The insights and skills they bring to emerging ventures are invaluable resources. What Accelerators, angels, angels and venture capitals have in common are that they all try to reduce trial and errors in start-up companies. This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of Accelerators from a resource-based perspective. The findings of this study will be useful for both academicians and practitioners to understand the value of these programs and, in practice, differences in perspectives and roles among incubators.
In today's dynamic and multifaceted business environment, it is very imperative to enhance the performance of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) so that they can offer a more innovative product and service that can compete with its global competitor. However, the question is how MSMEs can identify which factor is important for developing their capability to innovate. The purpose of this paper is to prioritize the enablers of innovation capability (IC) in the MSME sector of India and to provide the future scope related to this area, which will help scholars, entrepreneurs and policymakers. Fuzzy analytic hierarchical process (AHP) technique has been applied in this study to determine the rank of the factors of innovation capability (IC) in the MSME sector. To ensure the robustness of the findings, sensitivity analysis has been performed. The results of the study reveal that the factors of IC are grouped into three categories, namely, drivers of IC, enablers of IC and inhibitors of IC in the MSME sector of India. The ranking of the factors is based on their overall influence over the other factors. Moreover, sensitivity analysis has been performed to ensure the robustness of the findings. The results of sensitivity analysis show that there is no significant difference in the rank of the drivers of innovation capability (IC) among MSMEs. The original contribution of this study is the application of the technique and its managerial implications. The fuzzy analytic hierarchical process (AHP) technique has been applied in this study to determine the rank of the factors of IC in the MSME sector. The rationale of the study is to provide a better understanding on enablers of innovation, especially for MSMEs, on one platform by providing the ranking of the enabler and to provide the future scope related to this area, which will help scholars, entrepreneurs, managers and policymakers.
The purpose of this paper is to present an initial analysis of the nature of crowdfunding in China. This study has sought to understand the institutional environment of crowdfunding industry in China, given it is largely unregulated, given regulatory frameworks, uncover patterns of development, profiling crowdfunding platforms and profiling the regulatory landscape. This study uses a qualitative research approach to explore the nature of crowdfunding in China. The authors conducted in-depth interviews with key stakeholders in the crowdfunding industry in China, including crowdfunding platform operators, crowdfunding platform founders, investors, regulators and entrepreneurs. The authors found that crowdfunding in China is still in its infancy stage compared to other relatively mature markets. It is an innovative and disruptive force by sidestepping traditional financing system. It plays a significant role in funding and risk sharing from a different kind of investor's providing an alternative financing vehicle for MSMEs as well as enthusiastic investors in China. Since its initial introduction to China in 2009, crowdfunding has gained substantial popularity in a relatively short period. Currently, there is still not an identifiable guideline on how to delineate the significance of the crowdfunding platform. There is a dearth of information on crowdfunding study in Asia. With little data available to analyze, this research will contribute to knowledge and provide additional information to researchers and industry representatives on the crowdfunding market conditions in China.
The purpose of this paper is to test the approach of life cycle management (LCM) to attribute to environmental damage an economic value both at company and supply chain level and, for this purpose, have been used jointly the life cycle assessment (LCA) and life cycle costing (LCC). In this research, the authors tested the potential of the LCM framework to interpret the environmental analysis in terms of economic-financial consequences at company and SC level. The joint use of LCA and LCC has made it possible to combine the estimation of environmental impact with industrial cost (producer perspective), including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective). The results show that the joint use of LCA and LCC has made it possible to combine the estimation of environmental impact with industrial cost, including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective). On the basis of the analysis, the authors can suggest two possible areas for improvement: reducing energy consumption and reducing the average distance travelled by transport vehicles for sourcing raw materials (supplier perspective). This study is the first to combine the use of LCA and LCC in the analysis of environmental impact with industrial cost, including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective).
The purpose of this paper is to empirically explore important variables that are directly and indirectly related to inducing the investments of Korean diaspora entrepreneurs to the homeland. It also seeks to examine the relationships among those above-mentioned variables to inquire upon a set of critical questions pertaining to Korean diAspora entrepreneurs' investment in the homeland including the effectiveness of the World Korean Business Convention (WKBC) and theWorld Korean Business Network (WkBN) using data gathered from participants of the WKBC. Data were collected from the participants of the World Korean Business Convention (WKBC) held in Seoul, South Korea, in 2015. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to examine the relationships among the variables. It was found that Korean diaspora entrepreneurs who are willing to make investments evaluated the investment climate of Korea more positively than those who were not willing to do so, except in their evaluation of labor law and labor unions. This is one of the first studies to empirically examine the effectiveness of the WKBC and WKBN and the critical variables that influence their effectiveness in light of such an important policy objective. It is also the first study to examine the relationships among those above-mentioned variables to inquire upon a set of critical questions pertaining to Korean diaspora entrepreneurs' investment in the homeland including the effective implementation of theWKBC.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of proactive personality, entrepreneurial self-efficacy and perceived university support factors on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan. The data of 306 is collected through empirical and personal survey questionnaires from the female students of business schools of Pakistani Universities. Partial Least Square-Structural Equation Modelling (PLS-SEM) in Smart PLS 3 Version 2.6 is used for analysis. The results show that the proactive personality and perceived university support have the significant impact on the female student's entrepreneurial intentions. Entrepreneurial self-efficacy mediates the impact of proactive personality on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan. Perceived concept development support and perceived business development support have a positive impact on entrepreneurial intentions and proactive personality has no significant impact. This study is the first of its kind to test the impact of proactive personality, entrepreneurial self-efficacy and university support factors on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan. It is also one of the few studies that have tested the influence of university support and individual personality factors on entrepreneurial intentions in a developing country like Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of entrepreneurial orientation (creativity and innovativeness, risk taking propensity, proactiveness and autonomy) on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance in Kelantan, Malaysia. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed among low-income households in Kelantan, Malaysia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The findings revealed that risk taking propensity, innovativeness, proactiveness and autonomy have a significant positive effect on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance. In addition, the results also revealed that the effect of entrepreneurial orientation on competency has a positive and significant effect on enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan. This study is one of the first to examine the effect of entrepreneurial orientation on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a model for assessing the effects of personality traits on entrepreneurial intentions (EI) in perspective of theory of planned behavior (TPB) in the context of a developing country. The data were collected from a sample of 300 students of a private university in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study showed that EI was found to be a significant predictor of entrepreneurship attitudes and personality attributes. Entrepreneurship attitudes were found to mediate the relationship between EI and personality traits. Entrepreneurial attitudes mediated the relation between personality attributes and EI. The mediating effect of EI on entrepreneurship attitudes was also confirmed. The present study is an attempt to fill the highlighted gaps and develop a model for assessing the effects of personality traits on EI in perspective of TPB in the context of a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to find out how the proactiveness, innovativeness and risk-taking propensity of entrepreneurial orientation influence both financial and nonfinancial business performance through multivariate regression analysis. The authors also tried to examine the moderating effect of entrepreneurship education on the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and business performance. To accomplish the purpose of this study, the authors carried out a survey targeting nascent entrepreneurs and total early-stage entrepreneurs with less than seven years of experience. After performing reliability and validity analysis, they will test the hypothesis of the research model. The relationship among entrepreneurial orientation, entrepreneurship education, financial and nonfinancial business performance will be investigated through multivariate regression analysis. The results of this study were as follows. First, among the subfactors of entrepreneurial orientation, it was clear that innovative progressiveness affected nonfinancial business performance. Second, risk-taking propensity did not influence both financial and nonfinancial performance. Third, both entrepreneurship education had no connection with both entrepreneurial orientation or business performance, and entrepreneurship education moderated the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and financial performance. This study is one of the first to examine the relationship among entrepreneurial orientation, entrepreneurship education, financial and nonfinancial business performance in Korea.
The purpose of this paper is to explore avenue where suppliers/manufacturers are aligned with health-care providers to take advantage of supplier relationship management (SRM) principles. A successful SRM, however, is not feasible without a clear understanding of supply chain finance (SCF). Financial breakdown during the Great Recession of 2008-2010 taught an important lesson that SCF is one of the critical components in sustainable supply chain operations. This paper is organized as follows: brief literature review is given in Section 2 which is followed by framework for implementation of SRM in healthcare area. This paper is based on literature review and case study of health-care supply chain in the USA. The framework is developed from provider's perspective. A successful SRM is not feasible without a clear understanding of SCF. Financial breakdown during the Great Recession of 2008-2010 taught an important lesson that SCF is one of the critical components in sustainable supply chain operations. This paper is organized as follows: brief literature review is given in which is followed by framework for health-care industry. This paper is the first of its kind to explore SRM in health-care area from provider's perspective. The paper provides a comprehensive framework for successful SRM implementation in the healthcare industry.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors that differentiate successful spinoff entrepreneurs from non-spinoff entrepreneurs in Japan's entrepreneurial ecosystem. The authors focus on the role of the entrepreneur's prior experience in the context of spinoffs. The authors conducted a survey of Japanese spinoffs and non-spinoff entrepreneurs in the post-bubble period. The authors collected data from a sample of 1,000 Japanese entrepreneurs who founded their firms as spinoffs from large Japanese firms between 2000 and 2012. The results show that spinoff entrepreneurs are more likely to have a higher level of personal capability, entrepreneurial drive and social capital than non-spinoff entrepreneurs. However, the authors also found that the probability of success for spinoffs is significantly lower than for non- spinoffs. The authors also find that the likelihood of success is significantly higher for spinoff than for other entrepreneurs. This is the first study to examine the relationship between spinoffs and non-spinoff entrepreneurs in the context of Japan's post-bubble entrepreneurial ecosystem. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the importance of the entrepreneur's prior experience in the creation of a new firm.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the efficiency of non-profit organizations (NPOs) using data envelopment analysis (DEA) and other analytical methodologies to respond to the challenges of evaluating efficiency. This study uses data envelopment analysis (DEA) and other analytical methodologies to analyze the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in South Korea. The data were collected from NPOs' annual reports and financial statements. The results of the study show that the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in South Korea is significantly higher than that of for-profit organizations. Also, the results show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency between NPOs that receive government grant and those that do not receive government's grant. This is the first study to use DEA to evaluate the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in the non-profit sector in South Korea.
The purpose of this paper is to present an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company based on the Hermeneutics approach. This study is based on a case study of a nanotechnology company that has been developing its own brand identity for its nanotechnology products. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, the brand identity of the company was designed using the concept of Hermeneutics. The second phase of the research was based on the design of a new brand architecture for the company. The brand identity was designed by using a combination of both qualitative and quantitative research methods. The results show that Hermeneutics can be used as an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company. In addition, it is shown that it is possible to design a brand identity that is consistent with the corporate brand, business brand and product brand. This paper presents an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company based on Hermeneutics, which has not been used before.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relevance of a number of factors emphasized in the literature as inducing the capacity of entrepreneurs to identify and exploit commercial opportunities within the context of ASEAN-5 countries. In addition, the presented work aimed at identifying the most significant variables in this framework in relation to the entrepreneurship capability (EC) environment of these countries via empirical analyses. The current study employed two SFA models, namely, the consistent estimation of fixed-effects stochastic transformation frontier model (Chen et al., 2014) and the log transformation frontier models, to estimate the current state of factors that generate an impact upon the EC environment of ASEAN-05 countries. The data were collected from the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) database, which is one of the most widely used global entrepreneurship monitoring data sources. The findings of the current work suggest that perceived opportunities in the country, fear of failure, IPR, KT and overall university education system have a significant impact on the EC of ASEAN-5 countries. Moreover, internal variables such as perceived opportunities for the entrepreneur, and views on EnGC were shown to play a larger role in determining the quality of the EC environment in comparison to the degree of fear of Failure. The findings of this study also suggest that the overall university-industry-government environment of the five countries in the region is characterized by a relatively low degree of entrepreneurial activity. This study is one of the first to empirically examine the EC environment of ASEAN-5 countries in the context of the university-industry-government domain. The findings of this study can serve as a guide for policymakers of the ASEan region to improve the EC environments of their countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. Specifically, this study aims to investigate the relationship between economic vulnerability and entrepreneurial competency among Malaysian households. Data were collected from micro-entrepreneurs in Peninsular Malaysia through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach. The results indicate that economic vulnerability has a significant negative effect on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. In addition, the results also reveal that the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competence is stronger among those who live below the poverty line income (PLI). This study is one of the first to examine the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. This study also contributes to the existing literature by providing empirical evidence on the relationship between economic vulnerability and entrepreneurial competences.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance of small- and medium-scale enterprises (SMEs) in Ghana. Data were collected from a sample of SMEs in Ghana using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study revealed that innovative capability and strategic goals are positively related to the financial performance of SMEs in Ghana. Also, it was found that there is a significant relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance of SMEs in Ghana. The results of this study will be useful to the government and the private sector in Ghana and other developing nations.
The purpose of this paper is to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of social business enterprises (SBEs) and to analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one. This study adopts a qualitative research approach. It uses a case study approach to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of SBEs and analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one. The findings of this study show that there are four macro-level enabling conditions that contribute to the formation and growth of SBEs in the Philippines: government institutions, financial services, entrepreneurial culture and the entrepreneurial culture. The findings also show that government institutions act as an instrument that, when effectively utilized, can promote social enterprises' socio-economic value. This study is the first of its kind to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of SBEs in the Philippines and to analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one. The findings of this study can serve as a reference for other countries that are yet to transform their economies into inclusive ones.
The purpose of this paper is to study the government venture capital (VC) policies in Japan that have recently become a fast-growing source of financing for new technology-based firms (NTBFs). It discusses in detail what Japanese policymakers should know about government VCs and how they should effectively draft, amend and implement policies on government VC policies. Based on the academic literature review on a total of 45 related peer-reviewed papers, this paper analysed the current state and issues of the Japanese government VC policies regarding these research questions: RQ1. First, this research has highlighted the complementary relationship between private VCs and government VCs. Although it has not been widely widely widely discussed in Japan, extracted six peer-reviewed papers find that syndications with private VC's have positive correlation with portfolio's exit, growth, innovation and staging. Moreover, the positive correlation is also obtained in government fund of funds of Japanese VCs should be based on the complementary relationships with privateVCs. Next, this paper has also discussed the development policies of the Japanese VC market by government VC. According to a total of 15 related peer- reviewed papers, it is not sure whether government VC market has contributed directly to the VC market. However, according to the research on NTBF policies including government VC policies, many researchers pointed out the prominence of execution of multiple policies simultaneously. Furthermore, it also revealed that government commitments to these sectors for a long period of time. This paper provides basis for policymakers and practitioners to understand what Japanese policymakers should know about government VCs and how they should effectively draft, amend and implement policies on government VC policies. This paper could also serve as a reference for future research on governmentVCs in the academe.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of locus of legitimacy and propose a framework that may explain how social enterprises choose different types of resource acquisition strategies. The authors review the contributions and limitations of legitimacy from existing institutional theory in explaining social enterprises' behavior and compare it with locus of legitimacy. The authors provide a set of propositions and report a short case study on social enterprises from South Korea and Taiwan to show how loci of legitimacy explains resource acquisition strategies of social enterprises. The authors found partial support for the proposition on the financial resource acquisition. Theoretical and empirical analyses show that startups with a high degree of external locus of legitimacy tend to hire employees to meet the institutional expectation from the outside and tend to ally with organizations with similar legitimacy. However, startups with high internal locus-of-legitimacy tend to hired employees who can fulfill the organization's goal to survive as business organizations and tends to allyWith organizations with contributing resources. This study contributes to the literature on legitimacy in particular and institutional theory in general. The authors contribute to the understanding of how organizations deal with legitimacy so that they can strike a balance between different kinds of legitimacy to secure critical resources.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically analyze the relationships between corporate R&D capability and corporate technology innovation, and the variables essential for technology innovation. The study empirically analyzes the relationships of R&D capability and performance, and the variables essential for technology innovation by using the raw data of the "Report on Korean Innovation Survey 2010: Manufacturing Sector" released by the Science and Technology Policy Institute (STEPI). Measurement was made after performance variables were divided into patents, which are a form of direct performance and new product development, which is an indirect performance. The results show that R&D capability has a positive impact on both patent and new product development. The results also show that patent has a direct effect on corporate performance, and the effect of R& D capability on patent is stronger for innovation-type SMEs than for non-innovative ones. This study is one of the first to examine the impact of R&D capability on patent and new product development in the context of innovation type SMEs in Korea. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other SMEs to improve their technology innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between strategic planning and performance of small- and medium-scale enterprises (SMEs) in Ghana and the moderating effect of market dynamism on this relationship. The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from SMEs in Ghana. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling technique. The results of the study revealed that there is a significant positive relationship between strategic planning and performance of SMEs in Ghana. However, market dynamism was found to have a negative moderating effect on the relationship between the two variables. The results also revealed that the effect of strategic planning on SMEs' performance is stronger in the presence of high market dynamicism. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of strategic planning on the performance of SMEs in Ghana in the presence of market dynamism. The findings of this study will be of value to both academicians and SME managers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine various network relationships formed after the Business Clinic Day (BCD) program in the regional business ecosystem and to propose the new role of universities for the change of a network structure. This research analyzes a specific UIC program called as "Business Clinic Day" (BCD) and examines how the business network ecosystem has changed after the program and what factors make the transition. Based on this, the authors propose the new role of universities to enable business ecosystem. Although the BCD was originally designed for solving problems of regional SMEs, the authors found that it not only solved the inherent problems of the company but also strengthened the network ties of entities in the business ecosystem. The authors were able to confirm that Network type 1 (the relationship between the problem-owner and the consultant) additionally formed after the program. Network type 2 (the relationships between the consultant and problem-owners) was additionally formed by the professors who mainly led the program, and Network type 3 (the network ties between the consultants and the SMEs) was also formed by professors. The results show that the network structure of business ecosystem has changed after BCD. This study examines various network relationships formed after the BCD program among consultants and problem-owners. Networks were being built mostly based on networks type 1 (the relationship between the problem-owner and the consultant) and network type 2 (the network between the consultant and the problem owner). The authors were able to confirm that Network type 1 has changed after the program. The authors propose the new role of universities to enable business ecosystem.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of decent working conditions on work-life balance of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) employees in Bangladesh. The study aims to investigate whether decent work conditions contribute to work- life balance in the context of Bangladesh. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of small enterprises (SMEs) in the garment industry in Bangladesh. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The sample size of the study was limited to 1,000 enterprises, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) method. The results of the study reveal that decent working conditions have a positive and significant impact on work-life balance of the employees of the SMEs. However, there is a significant negative relationship between decent work conditions and work- life balance. The results also reveal that the presence of decent working condition has a significant and positive impact on the employees' quality of life. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between decent working conditions and work-life balance in the context of small enterprises in Bangladesh. The findings of this study are of great importance for policy makers and researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the status and conditions of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island, Philippines. Specifically, it aimed to describe the organizational variables of SMEs and assess their conditions in terms of membership/ownership structure; leadership; policies, systems and procedures; resource mobilization; linkages and networking; communication systems; and awards and recognition. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the SMEs located in the Barangay Micro-Business Enterprises (BMBEs) in Samar Island, Philippines. The respondents were drawn from the population of the BMBEs. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software. The findings of the study revealed that the status and conditions of SMEs as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island are as follows: membership/ownership structure; leadership; policies, systems and procedures; resource mobilization; linkages and networking; communication systems; and awards and recognition; and the level of empowerment of rural communities with SMEs in terms of material, perceptual and relational changes. Moreover, the degree of relatedness of organizational variables to the level in empowering rural communities was also found. This study is the first of its kind in the Philippines to examine the status and conditions of SMEs as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island, Philippines.
The purpose of this paper is to describe a concept about how blockchain- and distributed-ledger-principles can be used for securing a sensor network with a lightweight protocol. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor. It is based on principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus. In this article, a principle for increased information security for IIoT-systems organized in wireless sensor networks was presented. Mechanisms from blockchains and distributed ledger technologies were derived and adopted to microcontrollers, with a small energy budget and low calculation capabilities. It was shown that principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus could be transferred. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false information to inject intruders into the process and gain control of the network. It was shown that principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus could be transferred. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false false information into the process to gain control over the entire network. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor. The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents a concept about how blockchain- and distributed-ledger-principles can be used for securing a sensor network with a lightweight protocol. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false information into the process.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the concept of blockchain technology and its potential to change the world of banking through facilitating global money remittance, smart contracts, automated banking ledgers and digital assets. This paper provides an overview of the concept of blockchain technology and its potential to change the world of banking through facilitating global money remittance, smart contracts, automated banking ledgers and digital assets. This study presents issues and countermeasures related to Korea's related fields through the case of application of blockchain-based finance in foreign countries and Korea. First, as a result of examining the case of Korea and abroad, it can be seen that the areas where the blockchain application is most actively applied in the financial sector is expanded to settlement, remittance, securities and smart contracts. To expand the use of blockchain technology in the future, the efficiency and safety of technology and cost of existing systems should be studied simultaneously with thorough test-bed verification. Second, the move to introduce a closed (private) distributed ledger that does not go through the central bank is accelerating. In global financial transactions, such as Ripple and Korea Bank Association, a closed public distributed ledger service involving banks and customers is emerging in the international remittance service. This paper will contribute to provide an overview of banking sectors by applying blockchain technology and also find the difference between international market and Korea market. Therefore, it provides directions on how we should respond.
The purpose of this paper is to build a P2P trading platform for household residents who want to buy and sell electric power. Household residents bid and ask with each other on the platform. The platform discloses buyer-sell price information to participants and supports the power trading through smart contracts. In other words, the basic operating process of the platform is designed to automate the transaction process. The authors chose a blockchain platform called Multichain to build a P2P trading platform for household residents who want to buy and sell electric power. Household residents bid and ask with each other on the platform. The platform discloses buyer-sell price information to participants and supports the power trading through smart contracts. In other words, the basic operating process of the platform is designed to automate the transaction process. And approved transaction details are recorded and shared in a distributed ledger. The authors used a Python-based JsonRPC module called Savoir to implement the trading system. The results show that all processes such as blockchain generation, connection, asset issuance and transaction are executed correctly according to the scenario. However, the system in this study is still slow to be applied in real situations where lots of nodes are connected. In addition, Multichain alone is not sufficient for partial transactions where only a portion of the proposed volume is concluded. This study is one of the first attempts to apply blockchain technology to solve the problems of the existing electric power trading system using a P2P trading platform.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of institutional support on women's entrepreneurial self-efficacy, and the indirect positive effects on entrepreneurial success. The authors examine the institutional antecedents of female entrepreneurs' self-efficiency and the social cognitive pathways through which institutions affect their entrepreneurial outcomes. Data were collected from 202 active female entrepreneurs in Japan. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships. The results show that institutional support has a positive effect on women's entrepreneurial self-efficacy, which in turn has an indirect effect on entrepreneurial success through the mediating effect of entrepreneurial success. In addition, the findings show that women's self-confidence mediates the relationship between institutional support and entrepreneurial self -efficacy. The results also show that social cognitive mechanisms mediate the relationship of institutional support with entrepreneurial self. This study extends the literature on self-efficacy and contributes to the field of female entrepreneurship by examining institutional antecedents of women's entrepreneurial self-efficiency. Moreover, this study illustrates the significance of understanding the cognitive aspect of Japanese female entrepreneurs' experience of gendered constraints on their career options. Lastly, unlike the majority of the empirically driven research that examines behavioral intentions using samples of students, this research places particular emphasis on a sample of active female entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether auditor change occurs following financial restatements; and, as the severity of a restatement increases, does the restated financial statement in the year following the auditor change also increase? The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange for the period from 2010 to 2013. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression and the fixed effect model. The results of the hypotheses present that restatements do not lead to auditor changes, and, as the severity of a restatement increases, an auditor change in the year following the auditor change also does not increase. In financial restating companies with strong corporate governance, the auditor changes do not happen more than it does in other firms. In addition, in companies that are not restating, non-big audit firms are no more likely to change their auditor than big audit firms. This is the first study that examines the impact of financial restatement on auditor changes in Iran.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents of perceived value in the context of the sharing economy, specifically Airbnb. Data were collected from a sample of South Korean Airbnb users. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results revealed the significant positive effects of monetary saving, hedonic benefit and novelty on perceived value. Novelty was found to be the strongest predictor of perceived value, which implies the importance of providing experiences to guests that are different from the usual. It was also found that social interaction does not influence perceived value despite many studies highlighting this specific benefit in using Airbnb. This result suggests that the opportunity to interact and form relationships with locals does not enhance the value of using Airbnb among South Korean guests. Results further reveal the significant negative effect of psychological risk on perceivedvalue. This study contributes to the literature by identifying the specific antecedents of perceived value in the context of the sharing economy, specifically Airbnb. The results of the study also contribute to the understanding of the factors that influence perceived value among Airbnb users.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the importance of corporate and institutional entrepreneurship through analyzing the K Tire's first adaptation of Radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology among the world tire manufactures. - This study is based on a case study of K Tire, the Korean company that, for the first time in the world, applied Radio-frequency identification (RFID) to manufacturing passenger vehicle tires in 2013. This study has its frame work rooted in corporate entrepreneurship and institutional entrepreneurship. As mentioned, qualitative research method was utilized. - K Tire's decision to adopt the RFID technology for the first time in the global tire industry, despite the uncertainties associated with the adoption of innovative technologies, is being lauded as a successful case of innovation. The adoption of the technology distinguishes K Tire from other competitors, which usually rely on bar codes. To cope with various technological impasses, K Tire demonstrated the importance of institutional and corporate entrepreneurship. - This paper contributes to the understanding of the importance of corporate and institutional entrepreneurship through analyzing the K Tire's first adaptation of Radio-frequency identification (RFID) among the world tire manufactures. Also, this paper can contribute to start-up firms' readiness for cultivating of institutional and corporate entrepreneurship from initial stage to grow and survive.
The purpose of this paper is to determine what factors of entrepreneurship promote the entrepreneurial intention of ICT majors in Busan area. Also, an empirical analysis was performed by deducing the factors that need to be considered to activate entrepreneurial intention in the universities. A survey was conducted to collect the data from ICT majors in Busan area. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. In the study, pro-activeness of entrepreneurship was found to be most influential to students' entrepreneurial intentions. It has been also verified that the substantive indirect experiences such as leadership and network activities are highly influential to the entrepreneurial intentions of ICT majors. Existing studies showed that establishment of networks from which the students can receive help while they are preparing for their start-ups or afterward are significantly important to the improvement. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the effect of entrepreneurship on entrepreneurial intention of ICT majors in Busan area. This study is also the first attempt to identify the factors that need to be considered to activate the entrepreneurial intention in universities.
The Internet of Things (IoT) industry is becoming an important part of the infrastructure for building the ecosystem of the future industry. Korean small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the IoT industry are facing serious challenges as to making a strategic choice of whether to keep the status quo or transform for growth. However, little research is finding that investigates IoT attributes and linking them to innovation paths for IoT-SME. Therefore, this study intends to analyze the conceptual definition and attributes of IoT industry and present policy implications through an exploratory study of Innovative Korean IoT-sMEs that have secured the growth base by linking these attributes. This study is based on an exploratory study of innovative Korean IoT-SMEs that have secured the growth base by linking IoT attributes to their innovation paths. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with the top managers of the companies. The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method. The findings show that the IoT industry has inherent disruptive and open innovation attributes. The IoT-SME has followed an innovation-driving and growth path consisting of self-evolution, aligned cooperation and their mix of innovation strategies. The study also discovered that the innovation strategies of the IoT SMEs in Korea are facing challenges in global market entry. The first obstacle is the lack of information to sense and judge the market situation. The lack of diverse information, which hinders decision making, makes it difficult for them to accommodate market needs. The second obstacle is a lack of capability to adapt to changes. The third obstacle is lack of knowledge management. The fourth obstacle is not having the capability to transform to learning organizations. This study provides a new perspective of driving innovation to IoT-SMEs by linking IoT attributes to innovation paths for their survival and sustainable growth.
The purpose of this paper is to understand influential factors of IPTV service defection through the weblog analysis of 3,906 service users, who represented both service defectors and non-defectors. An empirical study is performed to understand influential factors of IPTV service defection through the weblog analysis of 3,906 service users, who represented both service defectors and non-defectors. First of all, the two groups (i.e. those who defected vs those who stayed) are compared in terms of predictor variables, including switch barriers, voice of customer (VOC), membership period and degree of usage. Then, a curvilinear regression was applied to understand the association relationship between the level of IP television usage and variables of conversion barriers, VOC and membership period. Third, a logit regression was performed to predict customer churning through the variables of Conversion barriers, Voice of Customer (V OC), VOC, subscription period and level of use. First, switching barriers, voice of customer (VOC) and subscription period have direct associations with the degree of IPTV usage. Second, it is shown that switch barriers, VOC and membership period are partly associated with the defection of customers. Bundling was effective in discouraging service switching. Meanwhile, high VOC frequency was associated with higher chance of customer defection. Existing studies of IPTV have largely depended on self-reporting surveys to examine dynamics between antecedent variables and IPTV performance in terms of customer satisfaction, usage intension and customer retention. To the best of the authors' knowledge, none of them has studied customer defection behaviors based on actual usage records of IP TV service, and this research intends to fill the gap.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of emotional labor on work engagement and boundary spanner creativity, and the moderating role of emotional exhaustion on the relationship between emotional labor and boundary spanners' work engagement. The data were collected from salespeople in China. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that deep and surface acting are positively related to work engagement and boundary spanner creativity, whereas surface acting has a negative effect on work engagement. In addition, surface acting is negatively related to salespeople's emotional exhaustion, which has a positive effect on boundary spanners' creativity. The results also show that emotional exhaustion has a moderating effect on the relationship between deep acting and boundary-spanning creativity. This study is one of the first to examine the effects of emotional labor on work engagement and boundary spanner creativity in the context of salespeople. It also contributes to the literature on salespeople's emotional exhaustion and boundary spanners' creativity.
- The purpose of this paper is to present a path model that would provide useful structure for managers developing brand concept management and researchers studying brand equity. The present study explores the relationships between emotional attachment, commitment and brand equity with an emphasis on understanding the linking role played by brand concept. - Data were collected from a sample of consumers in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. - Emotional attachment was positively and significantly affected by brand benefit including aesthetic and symbolic brand concepts. Consumers' emotional attachment has a positive influence on customer commitment. Finally, customer commitment affects brand equity significantly. These findings suggest that emotional attachment and customer commitment are separate constructs that combine to determine different types of emotional attachment. - This study is the first to examine the impact of brand concept on brand equity. It is also the first study to examine brand concept as an antecedent of emotional attachment and customer commitment. The findings of this research provide a useful structure for managers developing brand concept management and researchers studying brand equity, as well as providing a useful framework for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the challenges and factors influencing initial trust and behavioral intention to use mobile banking services in the Philippines. This study focuses on analyzing the direct effects of antecedents of trust, the mediating effect of initial trust, and the moderating effects of demographic variables on non-adopters' behavioral intention. A survey was conducted to collect data from mobile banking consumers in the Philippines. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results show that the antecedents of initial trust have a significant impact on behavioral intention to use mobile banking services. Disposition to trust, perceived quality, infrastructure quality, perceived costs, privacy, security and security are the major factors that influence initial trust. The results also show that demographic variables have a moderating effect on the relationship between initial trust and behavioral intention of non-adopters. This research fills in the gap by expanding and formulating a deeper understanding of the antecedents of initial trust that influence consumer behavioral intention that might be responsible for the slow diffusion of mobile banking services in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the strategic challenges of outsourcing innovation in global market. The purpose of the study is to answer the following question: in the case that a firm located its innovation in a highly heterogeneous foreign market, if high transaction costs are caused by the distance and discretion of its innovation, should the firm outsource its innovation function to the third party of the host country? This study is based on the theoretical framework of transaction cost economics (TCE) and makes a strong connection framework of distance-discretion-transaction costs. This study suggests TC as a strategic determinant for governance decision of innovation function of a MNC; and this study makes a strong connection framework of distance-discretion-transaction costs. It is argued that if MNC's innovation is located in a highly heterogeneous host country market and the level of discretion of innovation is to be increased, the MNC will make governance decision (i.e. whether its innovation function is outsourced to a third-party supplier situated in host country). This study extends the ramification of TCE on specific issue of offshore-outsourcing of MNC's innovation function. Also, for managers who are charge of innovation, the general idea will be a useful normative guideline for making the sourcing decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct an initial analysis of the dynamics, effectiveness and benefits of entrepreneurship education (EE) at selected secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand. Seven secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand were selected to participate in the study. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with principals, teachers, students, parents and staff in each of the seven schools. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a grounded theory approach. In the relatively short period since the implementation of this project, school principals, teachers, students and parents have reported significant positive results by way of improved student attitude and behavior, renewed teaching enthusiasm and closer relationships within their immediate community. Most schools report that EE has been about bringing an entrepreneurial spirit into the school. Others have been engaged in the process of entrepreneurship for a number of years and rightly claim, that their success as an institution is largely founded on principles and values associated with an entrepreneurial culture. Still others have emphasized that EE should not be seen as a destination but as a journey toward continuous improvement in teaching practice. This is the first time that EE has been implemented in secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand. It is hoped that the findings of this study will be of value to those involved in the design, implementation and evaluation of similar programs in other countries.
The purpose of this paper is to present an attempt to measure nation image analyzing utterances for nations using unstructured data and compare them with traditional offline surveys. In this study, the researchers attempted to find a way to measure nation image online real time, whereas the traditional way heavily depend on offline face-to-face surveys. The researchers made an attempt to measure image from the data that can be obtained in social media and compare them to image collected by traditional offline surveys. Among many social media service providers, the data from Wikipedia well satisfy the constraints for the purpose. Considering data from many different social media, Wikipedia is particularly well-fit for nation image. The data from Wikipedia are somewhat limited because Wikipedia encourages its editors to take neutral positions on issues. Even though the selected words are neutral, the data offer insightful information, which is worthy to give an attention. The data include surprisingly rich ontological information about nation image in both breadth and depth that offer different aspects to the ones from traditional methodology. Nation image from Wikipedia is partial only limited to its awareness. This paper presents an attempt to measure nation image analyzing utterances for nations using unstructured data. The researchers believe that the image driven from Wikipedia can be used as an online real-time supplement to offline expensive traditional models measuring nation image.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationships between golf range users' participation motivation, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention. To achieve the above objectives, users of golf ranges located in Seoul Metropolitan City and Gyeonggi-do province were surveyed through convenience sampling, and a total of 313 questionnaires were completed. Then, factor analysis, frequency analysis, reliability analysis, correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis were performed using the statistical program, SPSS 18.0, through which the following results were obtained: participation motivation, participation motivation sub-factors, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention. The results revealed that participation motivation was found to be the most important factor for golf range users' participation motivation, followed by satisfaction and exercise adherence intention. Among the sub-factors, participation motivation had the strongest relationship with satisfaction, and the relationship between participation motivation and satisfaction was the strongest among the subfactors. The results also revealed that golf driving range users were more satisfied with the golf driving ranges than they were with the other driving ranges. By analyzing the relationship between golf range users' participation motivation, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention, this study aims to provide a higher quality service to golf driving range users and to provide the basic data required for the popularization of golf through increased participation in golf exercise.
The purpose of this paper is to understand whether innovation competence can be instrumental in defining the firm level competitiveness. The unit of analysis for the study is the agro-food processing firms in the state of J&K (J&K) in India. The unit of analysis for the study is the agro-food processing firms in the state of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) in India. The study is based upon the exploratory study conducted to understand whether innovation competence can be instrumental in defining the firm level competitiveness. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The sample size of the study was selected based on the convenience sampling technique. The respondents were selected from the state-wise cluster of firms. The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted and in the second phase, the data were analysed using the structural equation modelling (SEM). The findings of the study indicate that the innovation competence has a significant influence on the firm level competitiveness of the agro-food processing firms in the state of J&K in India. The innovation competence is found to be instrumental in defining the competitive performance of the firms in such industry sectors. The study is significant in terms of creating an argument to consider the incubation and development of innovation competence in strategic decision-making. This would be instrumental in providing competitiveness to the firms that are in a fragmented industrial sector, i.e. agro-food processing industry.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze young entrepreneurs' characteristics and some factors affecting entrepreneurs' intention on agricultural sector of Indonesia. This research is based on a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The population of this research is young entrepreneurs of Penumbuhan Wirausaha Muda Pertanian (PWMP) 2016 program. The sample size of this study is 200 respondents. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method. Most respondents have high averaged tends descriptively on behavior beliefs, normative beliefs, motivation to comply, control belief, control power and control belief power. Only the evaluation of that consequences gives a medium tend of about 50.26 per cent. Factor affecting entrepreneur's intention in agricultural sector is subjective norm or external factor. Nevertheless, the attitude toward the behavior and perceived behavioral control have no effect on the intention of the sector. This paper reveals Indonesian reseachers' level of understanding on youth entrepreneurial issues. This paper aims to analyze young entrepreneurs' characteristics. Second, this paper proposes to analyze some factors affecting entrepreneurs' intention on agricultural sector. Recommendation of this research is formulated based on likely causes of high entrepreneur's intention in agricultural sector of young generation in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce integrated marketing communications (IMC) theory to further management innovation and establishment of mutually beneficial nonprofit organization (MBNPO) and improve management performance. Based on IMC theory, the research elaborates the mechanism and steps of MBNPO management innovation. The 5Rs of IMC point out the essential purpose of the MBN PO's origins and draw a feasible path for its establishment. Based on the research, four steps in establishment of MBnPO are clear: identifying the target group; providing services to meet the demand of stakeholders; designing appropriate communication tactics; and deploying proper organizational structure to accomplish efficient communication. According to findings of the research, four steps in establishment of MBNPO are clear: identifying the target group that the MBN PO will service; providing services to meet the demand of stakeholders; designing appropriate communication tactics; and deploying proper organizational structure to accomplish efficient communication. The four steps mentioned previously make the information and service circulate efficiently and continuously betweenMBNPO and target stakeholders. There are three transforming modes listed as below: product innovation, operational innovation, and synergetic development. This research introduces IMC theory to further management innovation and establishment of MBNPOs. The 5Rs of IMC point out the essential purpose of theMBNPO's origins and draw a feasible path for its establishment. The research elaborates the mechanism and steps of management innovation in MBN PO establishment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between female participation in top management team (TMT) and the growth performance of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) within the context of China particularly, to investigate the moderating effects of education level of female top managers in this relationship. The authors analyze the public panel data from 469 listed SMEs in Shenzhen Stock Exchanges during the year from 2011 to 2013. The authors use a panel-data analysis to examine the relationship between female participation in TMT and SMEs' growth performance. The results reveal that a more balanced gender composition in top management team is associated with higher growth performance rather than proportional dominated by gender. The results also highlight the role played by the education level of female top managers in the relationship between female participation in TMT and the SMEs growth performance. In fact, the education levels of female executives weakened the moderating effect on the inverted U-shaped relationship, which means that the lower education level the female executives have, the more significant this relationship will be. This paper provides implications for theory development and practical management. From a theoretical viewpoint, this paper extends the existing literature about the growth of SMEs and also broadens the scope of female entrepreneurial performance studies. The authors empirically test the positive effect that a female brings in SMEs under the context of China, and this will provide inspiration to carry out relevant international comparative study. This provides useful empirical guidance for the Chinese policymakers, regulators and corporate decision makers concerning TMT gender diversity in SME.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent of the income-generating projects (IGPs) of the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP) in terms of their length of operations, number of staff and the average number of clients served. The study adopted a quantitative research design. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from the IGP staff of the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP) in terms of the length of operations, number of staff and the average number of clients served. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). The findings of the study revealed that the average length of operations of the IGPs of UEP was three years. The average number of clients served by the IGP was 1,812. The number of staff employed by the IGP was 1.5 times the number of employees of the UEP. There was a significant relationship between the profile of IGP staff and the length of operation of the project. The study also found that there is a significant difference between the number and the extent of staff of each IGP. This study is the first of its kind to examine the extent of the IGPs of a government academic institution in the Philippines. The findings of the study can be used as a reference for other government universities and colleges to enhance their IGP operations.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention (SEI) based on the social cognitive career theory (SCCT). This paper is based on the social cognitive career theory (LCCT) and it is a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention (SEI). The model is developed based on a review of the literature related to intention formation. The conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention is based on the social cognitive career theory (SCCT) and it has been found that the SCCT can explain the formation of individual's intention to become an entrepreneur in the case of social entrepreneurship. This paper is the first attempt to develop a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention based on the social cognitive career theory. It is also one of the first attempts to propose a model which can explain the formation of intention to become an entrepreneur.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of business process reengineering (BPR) and information strategic planning (ISP) on enterprise resource planning (ERP) performance in small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) of Korea. In addition, this study examines the relationship between BPR and ISP and levels of ERP customization. A survey of 70 SME manufacturers in Korea was conducted to test the research hypotheses. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results show that ISP and BPR have been generally carried out by larger businesses, but the growing importance of information management and greater complexities require more systematic management of information technology and strenuous efforts for process restructuring in SMEs. The results also show that the ERP performance of Korean SME manufacturers is different according to the BPR and ISP and levels of ERP customization. Little research on the relationships between the ISP and BPR and firm performance has been carried out in the context of manufacturing SMEs. This study addresses this important research question by studying whether the ERP performance of Korean SME manufacturers is different according to the B PR and ISP and levels of ERP customization. The results of this paper contribute to research and practice.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a cross-cultural comparison of the boycott intentions of university students in Canada and Korea with a focus on the difference regarding boycott attitudes, boycott motivations and ethnocentrism. The boycott case examined in this paper against Maclean's magazine is a practical case study of ethnic grouping and segregation as well as perceptional difference which comes from cross-culture backgrounds. This study is motivated by an article initially entitled "Too Asian? Some frosh don't want to study at an "Asian" University" that appeared in Maclean's magazine in 2010. The article claims that there is a growing number of white students who avoid particular universities because of the perception that they are "too Asian" and that there are an over-enrolment of Asian students. The reaction and response to the article from the public was negative, and several organized groups attempted a boycott of Mac Lean's magazine which never materialized. From comparative analysis of the data from structured questionnaires given to university students in Canada and Korea, a noticeable difference was revealed. The authors believe that this awareness gap can be explained by differences in their perception of consumer behavior. From comparative analysis of the data from structured questionnaires given to university students in Canada and Korea, a noticeable difference was revealed. The answers from Canadian students and Korean students in the questionnaires revealed a noticeable noticeable difference in certain areas, in which the boycott intentions of both groups received relatively high mean mean scores. The difference in consumer boycott intentions between Korean and Canadian students can be explained by differences in their perception of consumer behavior; Canada is a multi- ethnic nation, whereas Korea is a single-ethnic nation. To the authors' knowledge, no cross-cultural studies dealing with boycott behavior have been reported to date. The boycott case examined in this paper against Maclean's magazine is a practical case study of ethnic grouping and segregation as well as perceptional difference which comes from cross-culture backgrounds.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, relying on quantitative meta-analysis, what factors determine the adoption of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology around the world. Based on digital databases such as Google Scholar, Science Direct, Web of Science and ProQuest Central, the authors try to explore various determinants of RFID technology through quantitative meta-analysis to standardize and aggregate various types of statistical measurements (e.g. correlation coefficients, F-values, t-values and odd-ratios) from previous quantitative studies. The authors collect various type of statistical values derived from collected studies and convert them to Fisher's Z score and standardized correlation score under three dimensions, including organizational factors, technological factors and environmental factors. In a seemingly unrelated regression (SUR) model, they use these three dimensions as meta-dependent variables and explore how these meta- dependent variables vary depending on geographical regions, industry sectors, size of company and publication year. The authors find that organization barriers, technological benefits and government-driven policies are the most important determinants of RFID adoption. The authors also find that the impact of technological factors varies from developing to developed countries, including North America, Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia. In addition, the authors find out that the impacts of public policy vary across various countries. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses quantitative meta-analysis to explore various determinants of RFID adoption around the world. This study also introduces how to standardize different types of statistical values to show the degree of relationship between RFID and independent variables such as organizational factors, technological factors and public policy.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the features with respect to firm size distribution shown in two industrial firms around the manufacturing and service activities in Korea. Traditionally, firm size distributions are known to be log-normal distribution or Pareto distribution. However, when viewing the recent empirical analysis through a broader range of data relating to the firm size, firm sizes are reported to be out of the log- normal distribution. The correct identification of firm size Distribution is an important starting point in a company's strategy and corporate policy. The author estimates the firm size distribution as a mixture gamma distribution composed of small businesses and medium-sized and large enterprises. Using 8,230 number of firm data in the year of 2013, the author estimates mixture Gamma distribution for the firm's size. From the comparison, empirical results are found for the characteristics of the core firm size distribution: first, the firm size distributions of the manufacturing sector have a longer tail than the service sector. Second, the manufacturing firm size Distribution dominates the entire country firm size distributed. Third, one factor among the three factors that make up the mixed gamma distribution is described for 99 per cent of the firm sizes. From the estimated firm sizes distributions of service sector and manufacturing sector in Korea, the author can simply present the strategy and corporate policy implications for the enterprise business. This study presents the majority of firm data suitable for mixed gamma distribution and finds out estimates for mixture gamma distribution composed of three data sources, namely, small businesses and medium-sized and large enterprises.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the strategies and success factors of haitao (Hai Tao) business in the Chinese market. The authors conducted an exploratory case study of two successful haitao sites of Amazon.cn and Gmarket.co.kr and analyzed their service innovation strategies and key success factors through a comparative case study. In this case study, the authors compared the activities of both companies using an adapted value chain model reflecting on the characteristics of cross-border e-commerce and their internal competences and strategies. Based on the case study and in-depth interviews with staffs and customers of haitao shopping malls, the authors postulate that the service innovation strategies of Amazon.cn and Gmarket.co.kr are different from each other, and the key success factors of both companies are market-creating service innovation and customer-oriented service innovation. In addition, the results of the comparative case study show that the success factors influencing the performance of the two companies are different. This study is one of the first attempts to compare the service innovation strategies and key success factors of haitao business in the Chinese market. This study will help managers identify service innovation and success factors influencing the performance of haITAo business. Comparing the strategies of a major global player with those of a niche market player will give some clues for managers to find appropriate innovation strategies for their companies considering their internal competences and market environments.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the conditions under which discount rates are valued over limited quantity and vice versa, for limited-quantity flash sales with limited supply. A 2 (price discount rate: high vs low) x 2 (quantity quantity: limited quantity vs limited quantity) between-subjects experimental design was used to test the hypotheses. In addition, the moderating effect of temporal distance on the relationship between discount rate and limited quantity was examined. The results showed that consumers are more attracted to discount rates than limited quantity when there is a small, limited quantity; conversely, the discount rate is low when there are large, limited quantities. Moreover, temporal distance moderated the relationship between discount rate and attraction of limited quantity, and the effect of discount rate on attraction was stronger for limited quantity than for limited supply. This study is one of the first to examine the trade-off relationship between discount rate and limited quantity in the context of limited-quantity flash sales.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an appropriate new product development (NPD) process that fits the current status of a medium-sized radio-frequency (RF) business firm by analyzing the existing NPD process and failure cases. To this end, prospective researches of the NPD process are conducted using existing literature and preliminary references; second, comparative analysis between current processes and an N PD process is conducted; third, phase-based evaluations upon failed product cases are conducted so as to identify the abridged steps and root-causes of failures; finally, renewed priorities are set forth by utilizing the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) analysis and questionnaire analysis upon the above identified causes of failures. The resulting accomplishments include the establishment of NPD processes that resonate with the current states of the Company "T", which ensures the increase of efficiency, the decrease in development duration and the strategy-concentration and priority-selection. This is a case study that aims to develop an appropriate NPD process that fits the current status of the Company "T" by focusing on analyzing failure cases. The resulting accomplishments include the establishment of NPD processes that resonate with the current states of the company, which, in turn, ensures the increase of efficiency, the decrease in development duration and the strategy-concentration and priority-selection.
The purpose of this paper is to identify those specific decision-making factors an entrepreneur considers prior to establishing a new venture. The objective is to establish a holistic and common understanding of the cognitive antecedents present in the entrepreneurial mind-set, which are used to identify, define and respond to market-related needs/problems in unique and novel ways. The study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured, in-depth interviews with new and developing entrepreneurs who had been incubated in a business incubator. The data were analysed using a grounded theory approach. The decision to build a new venture by an entrepreneur has been revealed as somewhat complex, requiring a considerable degree of knowledge and skill. The process of identifying, defining and assessing a market-related need or problem through new venture creation is, in itself, a time-consuming and often frustrating exercise. Despite the rapid and significant advances in technology enabling the simplification of complex processes and quick deployment of innovative solutions, considerable reliance is still focused on the cognitive capacity of entrepreneurs to build sustainable new ventures that will cater for dynamic market needs. This study is a precursor to a larger initiative that will probe the cognitive antecedents to market need/problem identification, assessment and exploitation; and will provide a platform for further investigation in this area. The study has a marked leaning towards new and developing entrepreneurs rather than seasoned and experienced serial entrepreneurs.
The purpose of this paper is to verify how purchase intention changes in proportion to the product type and the entry of large competitors and further measure the impacts of such mediator variables as technological uncertainty and market uncertainty on purchase intention of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 SMEs in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that entry of the large competitor will reduce the uncertainty of incrementally new product (INP) and positively affect SME new products; the same entry had negative effects on INPs. Also, the interaction effect of new product type and the entry of large competitor with regard to the purchase intention of SMEs new products were mediated by market uncertainty but not by technological uncertainty. This study presented the entry of a large competitor as a new variable that can reduce uncertainties along with the new product types. However, it could also function as a precedent factor for uncertainties. As for mediation effects, this study showed that the mediation effect of technological uncertainty is not mediated by market uncertainty but not by technological uncertainty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the systematic and hierarchical relationships among firms' strategic orientations, firm innovativeness (INNO) and performance with large Korean companies. Data were collected from a sample of large Korean companies. The authors used partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that firms' market orientation, technology orientation, learning orientation and entrepreneurial orientation are positively related to INNO, and market orientation is the most important driver of INNO. In addition, firms' learning orientation is found to have a stronger positive effect on INNO than market orientation and learning orientation has a stronger effect on TO than entrepreneurial orientation. The results also show that INNO has a positive impact on firms' performance. Finally, the results indicate that the relationships among firms' strategic orientations and INNO are hierarchical. This study is the first to empirically examine the systematic and hierarchical relationships among firms' strategic orientations and INNO, as well as the mediating role of INNO culture on the relationship between firms' performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method for precise vehicle localization using feature matching of pavement images to obtain precise vehicle position and trajectory data. The proposed method is based on feature matching of pavement images to obtain the precise vehicle position, velocity, acceleration and trajectory of the target vehicle. The proposed method uses a combination of the feature matching method and dead reckoning (DR) method to solve the localization problem. The results of the case study show that the proposed method can be used to obtain precise vehicle localization information in real-time, and it can be applied to many security applications such as collision warning, platooning and automatic parking. This paper presents a new method for precise vehicle localization using feature matching of pavement images. The proposed method can be used to obtain precise localization information of all vehicles in real-time, which will bring about revolutionary changes in future traffic management.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a feasible lane-change path planning and tracking controller for self-driving articulated trucks on highways to ensure safe lane-changing behavior. In this paper, the lane-change path planning and control method for self-driving articulated trucks on highways is developed by using heuristic, virtual electric field and geometric methods. The path planning is carried out by using a heuristic approach and the tracking trajectory is determined by an intelligent decision-making process. In addition, a tracking controller that tracks the predefined trajectories accurately and guarantees stability according to the vehicles and traffic states should be developed to ensure improved lane-changing performance. The results show that the proposed path planning and control method is capable of generating a safe lane-change path for self-driving articulated trucks. The proposed method can be used to control the vehicle's lane-changing behavior and track the trajectory accurately and guarantees stability. This paper presents a new lane-change path planning and control method for self-driving articulated trucks on highways. The proposed method can be used to improve the safety of the lane-changing behavior of the vehicles and improve the stability and anti-collision behavior of these vehicles.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a quasi-moving block speed guidance (QMBSG) model to guide the vehicles passing through the intersection by introducing the moving block section theory to alleviate the congestion at intersections. The proposed model considers comprehensively the balance between mobility and safety. The QMBSG model is proposed by introducing the QMB theory to direct vehicle passing through the intersection. The general evaluation function (GEF) is proposed to measure the mobility, safety and environment of the proposed model. To verify the guidance effect of the model, a case study that has been performed using the model is described. The data of the simulation results are analyzed, and the impact of the intersection environment, communication range, penetration rate (PR), initial space headway and the block interval on guidance effect is explored. The simulation results show that the QMBSG model has a 45.4% reduction in the general evaluation function (GEF) value compared with the intersection speed guidance model in CV environment. To further verify the guidance effect of the model, this paper analyzes the influence factors of the CV environment, such as the intersection environment, communication range, penetration rate (PR), initial space headway and the block interval on guidance effect. Among them, when the PR is above 75%, the GEF value will have a mutation and the guidance effects will increase significantly. This is a good reference for congestion alleviation in the actual intersection. Most of the speed guidance models under the condition of CV focus on the traveling efficiency of the vehicles passing through the intersection and failed to consider comprehensively the balance between mobility and safety. Therefore, this paper proposes a quasi-moving block speed guidance (QMBSG) model by introducing the block section theory. Based on the high-speed train operation state, the moving block sections theory can consider the brake distance and the track density of a high- speed train to ensure the safety and mobility of the whole operation.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the schedule adherence based on dynamic signal control and speed guidance in connected bus system by considering multiple road sections and intersections. In this paper, the authors propose a new dynamic bus control strategy based on real-time bus tracking data at stops. In the proposed model, the signal priority control and speed guidance are jointly implemented to improve the schedule adherence at each bus stop, considering the size of the upstream platoon and stop capacity constraint. In addition, the speed guidance is given to the bus based on the time delay at the intersection. The results show that the proposed model can improve the schedule adherence by improving the speed guidance and signal priority of the buses, which will further improve the efficiency of the operation of the bus system. In this paper, the authors propose a new approach to improve the schedule adherence based on dynamic signal control and speed guidance in a connected bus system. The proposed method is based on real-time bus tracking data at stops, which can be used to control the operation of the buses more precisely. In addition, the proposed method can also be applied to other connected bus systems to improve schedule adherence.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics by using the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set. The authors used the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics. The data set was collected from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the USA, and the data were analyzed by using the partial least squares (PLS) approach. The results showed that the risk of using a cell phone while driving was significantly influenced by driver demographic characteristics such as drivers' age and driving experience, but not by gender. In addition, the results also showed that older drivers were more likely to engage in cell phone use while driving compared to younger drivers. This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics by using the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set.
The purpose of this paper is to explore micro-level driving behavior using short-range communication (DSRC) data collected from vehicles. The key question to be answered is what sampling rates are appropriate to capture micro-driving behavior without losing much information (i.e. by undersampling). In this study, the sampling rates of driving behavior data collected from the traffic loop detectors were varied from 0.2 to 10 Hz. The sampling rates were determined by applying the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem. The Nyquist criterion for sampling rates is twice the bandwidth of a band-limited or a channel-limited channel. Indicators were developed to quantify the extent of information loss. The results show that the sampling rates of 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4 Hz are the most appropriate sampling rates to capture micro-level driving behavior data without losing much information. However, the sampling rate of 1 Hz is the least appropriate sampling rate. The sampling rates that are less than 0.5 Hz are more appropriate for capturing micro-driving behavior data. The loss of information is found to be greater than 1.5 percent when sampling by 0.1 Hz than when sampled by 10 Hz. This is the first study that quantifies the extent of information loss when sampling driving behavior data. The results of this study can be used to assess the sampling rates that are appropriate to capture micro-driving behavior without losing much information.
Adverse weather conditions cause serious harm to road traffic safety, especially under low-visibility conditions related to fog. Facing the severe security situation, fine classification of road traffic visibility is of vital importance to establish more accurate control measures and to ensure road Traffic Safety under low visibility condition. The purpose of this paper is to explore the fine classification for road traffic traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions. This study conducted a driving simulation experiment to explore the fine classification of road traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions. The visibility conditions at straight segment have been divided into five levels, which are less than 20, 20-30, 35-60, 60-140 and more than 140 m. The road visibility conditions on the curved segment have were divided into four levels. In addition, the lane position characteristics are also used to explore drivers' lateral driving behaviors. The results obtained are as following: the average speed in on different road segments has significant difference under different visibility conditions. The visibility conditions at straight segment have been divided into five levels, which are less than 20, 20-30, 35-60, 60-140 and more than 140 m. The road visibility conditions on the curved segment are divided into four levels,which are less-20, 20, 30-35, 40-60 and 60-60 m. This study conducted a driving simulation experiment to explore the fine classification of road traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions. The findings from this approach have important scientific significance and practical value for ensuring road traffic safety and improving road operation efficiency. These conclusions will help to establish more accurate control measures and to ensureRoad traffic safety under low-visibility conditions.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the drivers' acceptance of the on-road dynamic message sign (DMS) and on-board human-machine interface (HMI) for connected vehicle-based variable speed limit (CV-VSL) system in fog area. In this study, on-road DMS on the road and on-board HMI displays are two types of information transmission technologies for CV-VSL in fog area. The drivers' acceptance of these two technologies are analyzed from the psychological point of view. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. The results show that the drivers' acceptance of CV-VSL system is significantly higher than that of on-road DMS and on-board HMI in fog area. In addition, the drivers are more willing to accept the DMS system than the HMI system. The results also show that there is a statistically significant difference in the acceptance between the two types of DMS systems. This study is one of the first to analyze the drivers' acceptance of CV-VSL systems in fog area. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the design and implementation of the fog warning system in foggy days. This study can also be used to improve the design of DMS and on-board HMI in fog areas.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a summary of the pre-deployment efforts of the Wyoming Department of Transportation (WYDOT) connected vehicle (CV) pilot deployment program. The paper aims to discuss the performance evaluation framework of the WYDOT Connected Vehicle Deployment Program and the lessons learned from Phase 2 of the program. The WYDOT Pilot Deployment Program includes the following scopes: deploy about 75 roadside units (RSUs) with DSRC that are able to transmit advisories and alerts to equipped vehicles along I-80; develop several CV applications that will enable communication of alerts and advisories regarding various road conditions; and equip and operate a set of vehicles that are expected to be used by regular users of I- 80, with on-board units (OBU) with dedicated short-range communications (DSRC) connectivity. This paper summarizes the pre-deployment efforts and lessons learned from the Phase 2 pre- deployment effort. The WYDOT Pilot Deployment Program has successfully deployed about 75 roadside units (RSUs) with DSRC that are able to transmit advisories and alerts to equipped vehicles along the 402-mile I-80 corridor. The deployment of these RSUs has resulted in a reduction in the number of blow-over incidents and adverse weather related incidents (including secondary incidents) in the corridor in order to improve safety and reduce incident-related delays. In addition, the deployment of CV applications has also resulted in the reduction of the total number of traffic incidents and the reduction in total travel delays. This paper provides a framework for evaluating the performance of the WYDOT CV pilot deployment program in terms of its pre-deployment efforts and lessons learned. The proposed framework can be used as a guide for other CV pilot programs that are planning to deploy CV applications on the I-80 corridor.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the changes of female drivers' electrocardiograph (ECG) signal in time, frequency and domain indicators in anger and calm states within the context of connected vehicles. This study used the wavelet transform feature extraction and BP (back propagation propagation) neural network algorithm to study the changes of human emotion, skin electricity, skin temperature, heart rate and respiratory rate in positive and negative emotions. The data were collected from female drivers' electrocardiograph (ECG) signal in anger, calm and calm states. The results showed that female drivers' ECG characteristics are significantly different from male drivers in anger and calm states. It was found that the frequency band is shorter in anger than in calm states, and the ratio of low frequency band to high frequency band in anger is greater than that in calm state. The results also showed that skin electricity, skin resistance, skin temperature, heart rate and respiratory rate are significantly higher in positive emotions than in negative emotions in anger state. This study is one of the first studies to analyze female drivers' ECG characteristics within the context of connected vehicles. The results of this study can be used for the development of intelligent human-machine interaction, personalized driver assistance system and driver warning system.
When perceptive sensor failure occurs during the automated driving procedure, it is necessary for human drivers or an automated driving system (ADS) to perform fallback behavior, which is to operate the automated vehicle as well as achieve a minimal risk condition. The purpose of this paper is to develop an adaptive model predictive approach for automated vehicle control in fallback procedure based on virtual vehicle scheme. In this study, a vehicle control problem was modeled with regard to the fallback event of an automated vehicle under sensor failure. Moreover, adaptive model predictive control (MPC) is applied to the vehicle control in the fall back procedure. Based on the model model, predictions of the subsequent variations in the driving environment as well as constraints on collision avoidance were made. Furthermore, a controller was developed from the adaptive MPC algorithm. The virtual vehicle scheme was developed to assist the automated driving system (ADS). The results of this study show that the adaptive MPC algorithm can be used to predict the behavior of undetectable vehicles in the undetected area, thus, enabling the automated driving system (ADS) to perform safe fallback behavior without human intervention. Furthermore, a controller was developed from the adaptive model predictive approach to control the automated vehicle under the perceptive sensor failure event. This study expands upon the virtual vehicle scheme in dealing with abrupt sensor malfunction, using virtual vehicles to give a transitory prediction of the behavior of undetectable vehicles. The virtual vehicles fill the detection gap caused by sensor failure, thus, further enabling the ADS to predict the behaviour of surrounding vehicles during the fallback process. Furthermore, the model predictive approach is applied to the vehicle control in the fallbacks.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the correlation of critical driving risk in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term based on connected vehicle basic safety messages (BSMs) messages. In this study, groups of field driving experiments have been conducted to collect BSMs data under potential crash threats in real road traffic. In acquiring real-world driving situation, a more comprehensive dataset is built, which contains driver characteristics, vehicle status, potential crash obstacles, road traffic environment, weather condition and driver behavior. Thereafter, variable precision rough set is used to reveal the relationship among driving safety status, which includes driver/vehicle characteristics and road environment. Mutual information is applied to evaluate the factors that greatly influence the driving risk level. Finally, a novel similarity measurement is developed for addressing the assessment of driving safety in the classification of categorical field test data. The proposed method can be used to quantify the driving risk in near-crash event to analyze the associated risk-factors. The results of the field test show that the proposed method is able to predict the driving safety in emergency scenarios based on connected vehicle BSMs data set. It is possible to identify the critical driving risk level in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term. This paper contributes by identifying the correlation of critical driving risk in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term based on connected vehicle BSMs messages. The findings of this study are relevant to incorporation of alerts, warnings and control assists in V2V applications of connected vehicles. Such applications can help drivers identify situations where surrounding drivers are volatile and they may avoid dangers by taking defensive actions.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a surface electromyography (sEMG)-based steering assistance interface that relies on the biceps brachii muscles of the driver to produce rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation for low speed, nonemergency driving tasks. A steering assistance interface that relies on surface electromyography (sEMG) input from the biceps brachii muscles has been developed to produce rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation for low speed, nonemergency driving tasks. A driving simulator trial was conducted with a driving simulator that enabled drivers to perform turning maneuvers with the interface so that the resulting trajectories could be used to determine path-following accuracy. A comparison was conducted between the interface and the game steering wheel with respect to path- following accuracy. An sEMG controlled steering assistance interface with a maximized steering wheel rate (SWR) of 720 deg/s was found to have path-following accuracy that was at least comparable to a game steering wheel. The median lateral errors between the interfaces were found to be statistically significant in the case of the U-turn, with the interface being more accurate. The fastest SWR setting of the interface was associated with an acceptable path- Following Accuracy that was comparable overall to that of the game steering wheels. This study is the first to validate the path-following accuracy of a steering assistance interface that relies on surface electromyography input from the biceps brachii muscles for rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation.
The purpose of this paper is to design the system framework of hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment, which can effectively reduce the risk and provide reference for the emergency management of relevant departments and shippers. In this paper, the design of the hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment is first put forward, and then the system framework of the system is designed. The system design method is based on system theory and system engineering methods combined with construction scenario modeling method. In addition, the system design methodology is applied to design the system structure. In this paper, the design of the hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment has been put forward. The proposed system can effectively reduce the risk of hazardous transportation, effectively reducing risk and providing reference reference for land planning and emergency management of relevant departments. It can also improve the safety management of the transportation of hazardous materials. This study is the first attempt to design the system framework of hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment. The proposed system can effectively reduce the risk of hazardous transportation, effectively reducing risk and providing reference reference for land planning and emergency management of relevant departments and emergency planning and management system.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a traffic density extraction method under the vehicular ad hoc network (VANET) environment. This method represents a novel approach to extracting the density of vehicle level, lane level and network level, which overcome the disadvantages of the traditional methods. The research focuses on the establishment and validation of the traffic density extraction model under the VANET environment. Using real-time data and historical data, the research adopts the OMNet++ communication simulator and the Veins framework, which is a two-way VANet simulation software. The data obtained from the communication simulation software are integrated with the traffic data from the traditional traffic environment, and the traffic parameters are extracted from the data. The results show that the proposed traffic density extraction method can be used to estimate the traffic density of the whole road network in a free-flow environment, whereas the other traffic state, such as traffic jam, has not been considered. The main contribution of this paper is the formulation of a traffic density extraction method under the VANET environment. This method represents a novel approach to extracting the density of vehicle level, lane level and network level, which overcome the disadvantages of the traditional methods.
The purpose of this paper is to comprehensively figure out different types of features in lane-change (LC) maneuvers and select the most contributive features over various LC scenarios. The aim is to propose a feature selection method for predicting driver LC behavior. In this paper, a statistics-based feature selection method for recognition of LC maneuver is proposed using naturalistic driving data from the time domain and the frequency domain. Totally 95 features are extracted as candidate features. The extracted features include original features collected from on-board sensors and compound features like longitudinal features like time-window features as well as time- window features. Finally, the classification performance is compared by using the final features in each LC scenario. The authors found that for different LC scenarios, the final selected features are different. There is no feature being sufficient for all the LC scenarios. Finally, the classification performance by using the selected features in each LC scenario is better compared to that using all features. The main contribution of the work can be summarized as follows: presenting a feature selection method from the perspective of statistics to investigate the statistical significance of each feature based on big naturalistic driving data; both time-domain and frequency-domain features are considered to fill in gaps in existing works on feature selection; and taking different driving scenarios into consideration in the feature extraction procedure to comprehensively evaluate the extracted features. Finally, the classification performance by using the selected features in each LC scenario is compared to that using all features.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of automated driving on the driver's own localization in a driving simulator study. This study uses a driving simulator to investigate the influence of automated driving on the driver's own localization. The authors use a 2 x 2 factorial design with a 2x2 factorial between-subjects experimental design to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study show that the driver's own localization is not affected by the type of automated driving system used. However, it is found that when the driver is given a tight RtI, he/she will not be able to identify his/her location and does not know which direction to take. Also, the results show that there is no significant difference in the localization of the driver when the system is used in the L2 and L3 levels. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the influence of automated driving on driver's own localization in a driving simulator setting.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a model that can accurately identify a driver's braking intention in real time based on cerebral cortex activity data. The authors used the functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) device to measure cerebral cortex activities to identify a driver's braking intention. The experiment was carried out in a virtual reality environment. During the experiment, the driving simulator (DS) recorded the driving data and the NIRS device recorded the data of hemoglobin concentration in the cerebral cortex. The data were analyzed through principal component analysis (PCA) and back propagation neural network (BPNN). The results showed that the proposed model can accurately identify a driver's braking intention in real time. The results also indicated that the model was able to identify the drivers' braking intention based on the hemoglobin concentration in the cerebral cortex. The model was found to be more accurate than the existing methods. This study is the first attempt to establish a driver's braking intention identification model based on functional near-infrared spectroscopy data. The proposed model can be used to identify the drivers' braking intention in real time.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method for analyzing drivers' characteristic driving operations characteristics based on combined features and feature co-occurrence analysis, using AdaBoost. A battery of experiments designed for driving data collection based on driving simulator data processing method and data analyzing approaches were conducted to analyze drivers' driving characteristics. In the end, all features were selected and extracted using the proposed method. The proposed method is based on AdaBoost and feature co-occurrence. The results showed that most of the features came out at the entrance and exit of all curves, which conclusively showed that drivers' co-occurrence of driving operations can be better reflected in lateral and vertical operations under the cornering condition. This paper took advantage of candidate combined features reflecting the consistency of driving operations; critical features were extracted using AdaBoost at the same time. When the driving operations went through the curves at a special course, they were studied based on DS. In the end, all features corresponding to relevant curves were selected and extracted using the proposed method. The result illustrated that most features came out at the entrance and exit of all curves, which congruent with the driving behavior.
Traffic accidents are a major public-safety problem in developing countries such as China, which cause enormous economic losses and can even destroy families. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment. This paper proposes a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment. The proposed method is based on the concept of life-cycle management of dynamic objects and multi-hypothesis tracking framework to manage the life cycle of different objects, which is more difficult to achieve long-term stable tracking. The results show that the proposed method can be used to predict the risk of the vehicle based on the historical tracking results, and it can be applied in the detection-level fusion of multi-object tracking. The proposed method is able to reduce the number of false positives and false negatives by using the multi-sensor fusion method. The results also show that it is more efficient than the traditional distance-based collision distance and collision time logic algorithms. This paper proposes a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment. The proposed method can be applied in real dense traffic conditions to reduce the number of vehiclecrashes and minimize the impact of accidents. This method can also be used in the detection-level fusion of multi-object tracking to deal with the large number of false positives or negatives.
The purpose of this paper is to present a novel lane change control system for autonomous electric vehicle (A-IWM EV), which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and energy efficiency of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure. The whole control system consists of a stable trajectory planning level, a high-level model predictive control and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure. In the trajectory-planning level, vehicle dynamics is considered to ensure the viability of the generated reference path, and stability and boundaries are established. The MPC and KKT-based algorithm are adopted to guarantee the precision of dynamic tracking and resolve the nonlinear optimization problem in the non-linear optimization. The control-oriented model of A-IWM EV plan is described, and simulation results are displayed to verify the control performance and energy savings. This paper presents a novel lane change control system for A-IWM EV, which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and to reduce energy expenditure. The simulation results are displayed to verify the control performance and energy savings of the control system. This paper presents a novel lane change control system for A-IWM EV, which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and energy efficiency of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure.
The advancement of computer technology in recent years has allowed researchers to develop efficient optimization techniques for solving large-scale problems in various fields and helped practitioners to incorporate some of these techniques into their planning activities through specific integrated decision support systems. The purpose of this paper is to discuss three applications of intelligent computing in vehicular networks and their performance and effect is better. In this paper, the authors discuss three applications of intelligent computing in vehicular networks and their performance and effect is better. Based on the intelligent computing, multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and positioning enhancement have been improved. In vehicular networks, based on the intelligent computing, multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and vehicular positioning enhancement have been improved. So the application of intelligent computing in the vehicle network system will be more extensive, and computing intelligence will be an important technical means of car networking and improve the development of the car networking system. Based on the intelligent computing, based on the multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and vehicular positioning enhancement have been improved. So the application of intelligent computing in the vehicle network system will be more extensive, and computing intelligence will be an important technical means of car networking and improve the development of the car networking system.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the decision-making problem of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow. The authors propose a Markov probabilistic decision making (MBDM) approach to solve the problem of decision making in a dynamic traffic environment. Markov probabilistic decision-making of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow is modeled as a Markov process with a finite state machine (FSM) and a multivariate utility function. The FSM is used to model the behavior of the car and the utility function to select the most appropriate behavior for each situation. The utility function is then used to design the decision policies. The simulation study is carried out in a real-world highway with a random flow of traffic, and the simulation results are compared with those obtained by the FSM. Markov probabilistic decision-making of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow is shown to be more effective than the traditional finite state machine (FSM) approach in the simulation study. The simulation results show that the proposed approach outperforms the FSM approach in terms of performance and efficiency. This paper presents a novel approach to solve the decision-making problem of self-driving cars in a dynamic highway with random traffic flow. The proposed approach can be used to improve the performance of the autonomous driving system in a real-world scenario.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a cooperative cellular automata model (CCAM) based on the ICA model developed by Meng and Weng (2011) to smooth the work zone traffic flow dynamics in the presence of connected automated vehicles (CAVs). In this research, for the first time, the authors develop a cooperative cellular automata model (CCAM) based on the ICA model developed by Meng and Weng (2011). The authors introduce a collaborative component of CAVs to simulate the work zone traffic flow dynamics. The proposed CCAM is able to smooth the traffic flow in the presence of a work zone. The authors also demonstrate the performance indicators, including the average travel time, safety and vehicle emission under various penetration rates of CAV. The proposed CCAM model is able to smooth the work zone traffic flow dynamics, and it is found that the average travel time to go through the work zones and the speed oscillation are anticipated to be reduced as the penetration rate of CAVs goes up if a proper collaborative mechanism is well designed. Moreover, it is also found that CAVs can make immediate reaction to the deceleration of the leading vehicle; therefore, shorter headways are required. To the best of the authors' knowledge, there is no research that applies CAVs' smoothing work zone traffic flow dynamics. In this research, for the first time, the authors develop a CCAM based approach introducing a collaborative component of CAVs to smooth the traffic dynamics in freeway work zones.
The purpose of this paper is to present the development of test scenarios, surrogate bicyclist and associated hardware and software tools for the evaluation of bicyclist automatic emergency braking (AEB) systems for the performance testing. Accidentology is used to determine the primary crash scenarios. The scenario variables are selected based on the national crash databases and the TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data (NDD). To conduct the AEB performance testing, the surrogate bicyclist was designed and developed, which includes a bicycle rider and a bicycle. Its design matches the visual and radar characteristics of the real bicyclists in the USA. The size and clothing color of bicycle riders are determined based on general estimates system (GES)/FARS crash data and the NDD. Based on the analysis of the harmonized crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems. Based on the harmonized analysis of the GES/FARS crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems. Combined with TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data, environmental factors, including lighting conditions, obscuring objects, vehicle speed and bicyclist speed, have been identified as the major factors that affect the performance of the proposed test scenarios and surrogate bicyclist. Based on the harmonized analysis of the GES/FARS crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems. Combined with TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data, environmental factors, including lighting conditions, obscuring objects, vehicle speed and bicyclist speed, have been discussed in this paper.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an accelerated testing method for automated vehicles (AVs) safety evaluation in cut-in scenarios based on improved importance sampling (IS) techniques. This paper uses the occurrence of high-risk event, such as conflict, crash and injury, to evaluate safety of AV. Taking the typical cut-in scenarios as example, the critical variables of research scenarios are extracted, and the distributions of these variables are fitted. Based on importance sampling (IS) techniques, the scenarios with higher probability of occurrence of the high- risk events are reconstructed to test the AVs. The result of test is modified by the error correction parameter which is calibrated by the empirical data, so that the safety benefits of AVs in the real world can be revealed. Finally, based on the naturalistic driving data in Shanghai, the proposed method is validated by simulation. The result shows that compared with the existing IS technique, the proposed method improves the test efficiency by 35 per cent and increases the accuracy of the accelerated test result by 23 per cent. Furthermore, based on the naturalistic driving data in Shanghai, typical high-risk cut-in scenarios in China are analyzed, and the proposed algorithm is validated by simulation. This paper proposes an accelerated testing method for AVs safety evaluation in cut-in scenarios based on improved importance sampling, genetic algorithm and simulation applications. The proposed method can be applied to simulation test and provide scenarios for hardware-in-loop test, driving simulator test and controlled test bed.
The purpose of this paper is to explore postdoctoral scholars' perceptions of a university teaching certificate program that provides professional development in teaching and learning skills and confidence. The program was designed to provide participants with the opportunity to focus their professional learning according to their teaching background, interests and desired outcomes. Data were collected from postdoctoral scholars who participated in a university teaching certificate program over a three-year period. Participants completed an online survey that included questions about their perceptions of the program, the processes within the program and the short and long-term impacts of the certificate program. Participants' perceptions of the program were generally positive, with the majority of participants reporting positive changes to their teaching practices, classroom approaches, course designs and assignment strategies. Participants reported that the program provided them with the opportunity to focus their professional learning according to their background, interests and desired outcomes. Participants also reported that they were able to take an active role in their own development through independent, collaborative and experiential learning opportunities. This study is one of the first to explore postdoctoral scholars' perceptions of a university teaching certificate program specifically designed for them. The findings of this study highlight the need for universities to consider the needs of different groups of participants when designing and offering teaching certificate programs.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) tool and its functionalities, emphasising the added value for investors and further stakeholders in the real estate sector. The tool provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). After entering of the property-specific input data, the tool calculates the baseline emissions as well as their likely development and setting them in relation to the specific pathways, so as to determine whether or when the property may face stranding. Additionally, various simulation possibilities like virtual retrofit decisions and their consequences on ecological performance are simulated. The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). Additionally, the tool comprises various simulation possibilities like virtual retrofit decisions and their consequences on ecological performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the value effects of deep energy retrofits on the property market. The authors seek answers to various important questions: How do energy efficiency gains affect the value and valuation of properties? To what extent will future policy measures affect current property prices? How does a deep retrofit with energy efficiency improvement add value to a property? What is the magnitude of these value effects? The authors use a mixed-methods approach. First, the authors conduct an extensive literature review to identify the main sources of value effects. Second, they conduct an empirical analysis of the value effects of carbon-reducing retrofit actions in the European real estate market. Third, they estimate the magnitude of these value effects by applying a multivariate regression model. The authors find that the magnitude of the value effect of green retrofits is close to 70% and that the value uptake is driven by a cluster of indirect benefits that benefit the occupiers of the retrofitted property, including improved employee satisfaction through reputational gains for both the property owners and tenants. This paper is the first to analyse the value effects of deep energy retrofits in the commercial real estate market. It is also one of the first studies to provide empirical evidence on the magnitude of these value effects. The findings can be used as a guide for property owners, buyers and valuation professionals in their decision-making process.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the Australian property industry is responding to climate change and the information needs of property institutional owners, occupiers and users of their assets. A mixed-methods approach was used, including a literature review, focus groups and semi-structured interviews with key actors in the Australian property industry. The study found that the Australian property industry is responding to climate change in a number of ways, including: providing information to property institutional owners and companies about climate change impacts on the built environment; developing climate change adaptation capacity; and providing information on climate change to property investors, occupiers and users. However, the study also found that there is a lack of understanding of the information needs of the property industry in relation to the impacts of climate change on built environments and how these needs can be addressed. This study is the first of its kind to explore climate change information needs in the Australian property industry. The findings of this study will be of value to property institutional owners, investors, occupiers and users of property assets, as they seek to understand how climate change impacts on the built environment can be addressed.
The purpose of this paper is to shed light on the value-influencing mechanism of on-site energy production and its effect on property values and verify it from the perspective of professional property investors in commercial properties. Adopting the real estate owners' perspective, the value-creation logic of on-site energy investment in the discounted cash flow analysis context is demonstrated with the help of a case study. This paper compares the presented value-influencing mechanism with the current valuation practice in the Finnish real estate market. The case study shows that the value of the property increases by EUR2.048m after the conducted on-site energy investment. The value increase exceeds the investment costs of EUR1.560m by EUR0.49m. More than 70 valuation professionals working in the Finnish real estate market confirmed the presented value-influencing mechanism. Furthermore, they also recognised other benefits than just the capitalised savings in operating expenses, such as improved leasability and saleability, enhanced attractiveness and a better image of the building. However, they acted more conservatively than expected when transferring these additional benefits to the cash flows of the case property. This research underscores the importance of understanding the property valuation logics in the profitability analysis of on-site energy production: it is not only a decrease in the property's operating expenses that matters but also it is the value created through capitalising the savings, not to mention other potential financial and nonfinancial benefits of enhancing sustainability that is crucial. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first public research that empirically examines the value-influencing mechanism of renewable energy production from the perspective of professional property investors.
This paper aims to develop a flexible forecasting tool for the automatic assessment of both environmental and economic benefits resulting from low-carbon investments in the real estate sector, especially when applied to building portfolios. A set of four artificial neural networks (NNs) is created to provide a fast and reliable estimate of the energy consumption in buildings due to heating, daily hot water, cooling and electric equipment, depending on some specific buildings' characteristics. A set of four artificial neural networks (NNs) is created to provide a fast and reliable estimate of the energy consumption in buildings due to heating, daily hot water, cooling and electric equipment, depending on some specific buildings' characteristics, such as geometry, orientation, climate or technologies. The usefulness of the NNs developed is experimented on a pilot case study, where the networks facilitate the management of a huge amount of data and support the decision-making process. The portfolio analysed is constituted of 11 buildings and 18 retrofit options are suggested, leading to many possible retrofit scenarios. The research tests all possible combinations of retrofit interventions on the building portfolio and identifies the optimal configuration in terms of energy and monetary savings. The research verifies that the set of NNs developed speeds up energy retrofit programs, especially when applied to a large stock of buildings and provides crucial support for the decision-making. Among the major accomplishments of this research is the creation of a methodology that is not excessively data demanding, with NNs helping to overcome the problem of collecting data for building energy simulations, which is extremely time-consuming, difficult and expensive. Another important result of this paper is the flexibility of the networks developed, that can compare numerous design scenarios for different building stocks only by changing the data in the input neurons and obtaining the corresponding outputs. The research verifies that the set of NNs developed speeds up energy retrofit programs, especially when applied to a large stock of buildings and provides crucial support for the decision-making. Among the major accomplishments of this research is the creation of a methodology that is not excessively data demanding, with NNs helping to overcome the problem of collecting data for building energy simulations, which is extremely time-consuming, difficult and expensive. The flexibility of the networks developed, that can compare numerous design scenarios for different building stocks only by changing the data in the input neurons and obtaining the corresponding outputs.
The purpose of this paper is to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property in Europe, and by so doing, to determine whether stronger policies are required to realise decarbonisation in existing residential property. This paper reviews the academic literature and case studies of a selection of large-scale consortia projects conducted in Europe. The research sought to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property over time. The quantitative evidence points to the emergence of a "green premium" for residential values when prices achieved, or rent achieved, are regressed against EPC data. As a caveat to these collective findings, the basic measure of the EPC may not be accurate and, as acknowledged by many of the authors, the state of the market, presence of incentives and other factors could have been influential; some recognise that it is the visual signals, rather than the label, which may be important. This is the first comprehensive review of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property in Europe, and by so doing, provides a deeper understanding of the evolution of this relationship over time. It also provides an insight into whether stronger policies are required to realise decarbonisation in existing residential property.
The purpose of this paper is to quantify and measure the dynamic effects of energy performance certificates (EPCs) on house prices across the price spectrum, as well as improving the understanding of the potential contribution of EPCs in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements, which enable householders to optimise energy efficiency within financial frameworks. A quantile regression approach is used to quantify the dynamic effects of EPCs on house prices across the price spectrum as well as improving understanding of the contribution of energy performance certificates (EPCs) in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements. The quantile regression results show that EPCs have a positive and significant impact on house prices across the price spectrum. However, the impact is not uniform across price segments. The results also show that the impact of EPC scores is not fully captured by the EPC score, but rather by the "potential score". This paper is the first to quantify and measure the dynamic effects of EPCs on house prices across the price spectrum, as well as improving the understanding of the potential contribution of energy performance certificates in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements, which enable householders to optimise energy efficiency within financial frameworks.
The purpose of this paper is to consider Australian courts' views on climate change by concentrating on the issue of concerns arising from water risks in coastal areas from future inundation as a result of sea-level rise or increased precipitation. This research focuses on the east coast of Australia, examining decisions of the courts and tribunals from Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria. This research focuses on the east coast of Australia, examining decisions of the courts and tribunals from Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria to ascertain their perspectives to climate change risk, and which party bears that risk. In its analysis, and subsequent discussion of the matters considered by that analysis, this paper considers the implications for valuers and extension financiers, owners, investors and occupiers. The findings indicate that the courts consider climate change risks to be of particular concern for developments in coastal areas from future inundation as a result of sea-level rise or increased precipitation, and that they consider it important to consider which party bears that risk, and which party should be responsible for that risk. The courts also consider that it is important for developers to demonstrate that the proposed development meets the relevant planning scheme requirements and appropriately addresses all relevant risks. This is the first paper to consider the Australian courts' views on climate change inundation risks for developments in the context of valuations. The paper also considers the implications for valuers, financiers, owners, investors and occupiers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of sustainable real estate investments in a post-COVID-19 world. What lessons can we learn from the Covid-19 pandemic? What will be the new "normal"? The paper is based on the author's experience of working in the real estate investment industry for more than 20 years. The author has been involved in the development of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the UK real estate industry. There will be new and enhanced legislation and regulation around carbon pricing and energy. There will be a single reporting standard mandated by governments and adopted by investors. This will drive the decarbonisation of investment portfolios more than anything else. This paper is the first of its kind to explore the future of sustainable real estate investments in a post-COVID-19 world.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the adaptation strategies by paddy-growing farmers to mitigate the climate crisis in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India. A questionnaire-based survey was conducted to collect data from the farmers in the Tungabhadra Project (TBP) area of Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis. The results of the study revealed that the farmers have adopted various adaptation strategies such as shifting planting dates, water-saving techniques and judicious nutrient management to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change. However, it was found that most of the farmers are not able to cope with the climatic changes due to the lack of financial and technological development. The study also found that the most important adaptation strategies adopted by paddy-growing farmers are labour management, livestock management, financial management, family management, land use, crop production and land use. This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the adaptation and mitigation strategies by paddy-growing farmers to mitigate the climate crisis in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether smallholder farmers' perceptions of climate variability are supported by climatological evidence in a semi-arid region in South Africa. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. The survey was conducted in Limpopo, a semi-arid region in South Africa, using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 smallholder farmers in the province. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis. The results showed that the majority of the respondents were aware of the impacts of climate variability on their livelihoods. However, they were sceptical about the extent to which climatological evidence supported their perceptions of these impacts. The results also revealed that climate variability was perceived as a major challenge by the respondents. The majority of respondents were concerned about the impact of climate change on their agricultural practices. The findings also indicated that the respondents' perceptions were not supported by the climatic evidence. This is one of the first studies to examine smallholder farmers' perceptions of climate variability in a semi-arid region in South Africa. The findings of this study provide a basis for further research on climate variability and its impacts on agriculture in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of climate change on water resources in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. The paper aims to focus on a community-based adaptation to water insecurity in the context of the climate change. The study was conducted in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. Data were collected through focus group interviews, focus group discussions and a questionnaire survey. The data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique. The results of the study show that climate change impacts on water resources in the study community were perceived as a threat to water security and livelihoods. The study found that the majority of the respondents were aware of the impacts of climate change on their water resources, but they were not able to cope with the impacts due to the lack of knowledge and capacity to adapt. The majority of respondents reported that they had not been able to adapt to climate change due to lack of resources, lack of awareness and knowledge, and lack of support from the community. This study is the first of its kind in South Africa to investigate the impacts of climate change on water resources in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. The findings of the study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners in the field of water security and climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures on agricultural output in the Loess Plateau in China. The authors conducted a large-scale field survey on the Loess Plateau in China to collect data on farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures. The data were analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach. The results show that farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures has a significant positive effect on agricultural output. In addition, the adoption of conservation measures by farmers has a positive and significant effect on the agricultural output of the Loess Plateau. Furthermore, the effectiveness of the measures is positively related to farmers' cost-benefit evaluation. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first studies to empirically examine the effects of farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures on agricultural output in the Loess Plateau, which is the most serious area of soil erosion in China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between climate change and the grassland ecosystem service value (ESV) in Qinghai province, China. The authors use meta-analysis to evaluate the grassland ESV in China, and the relationship between grassland ecosystem service value and climate change. The authors use the method of meta-regression to control the differences of various factors, such as the characteristics of the research object, background and method, to obtain accurate transfer results, and also perform better practical applications. The results of the meta-analysis indicate that climate change has a significant impact on the ESV of the grassland ecosystem in China, and it has a positive impact on runoff regulation, gas regulation, soil formation and soil erosion control. However, it has no significant effect on soil formation. The results also reveal that the value of grassland ESV in Qinghai province is significantly higher than that of other regions in China. In addition, it is also found that there is a positive and significant relationship between climate change and the ESV. This study is one of the first to use meta-analysis to evaluate the ESV of grassland ecosystems in China under climate change. The results of the study can be used as a reference for researchers and policy makers to understand the impact of climate change on the grassland ecosystem service value in China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse changing trends in extreme rainfall extremes over the Mekong Delta under the impacts of climate change using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator. This study analysed changing trends in ERIs using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator for the Mekong Delta over the period 1951-2014. The results showed that approximately of 80 percent of the study area was occurred a slight downward trend of the R20 index. A similar to the R50 index was recorded for the R30 index. The results also showed that the average annual maximum rainfall over the Mekong Delta over the period 1951-2014 was increasing at a rate of 2.5+-0.5 mm/year, while the average daily maximum rainfall increased at an average rate of 3.4 mm/day. This study is the first of its kind to analyse changing trends in ERIs over the Mekong Delta using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator.
China's national carbon market is expected to become the world's largest carbon market and is critical for achieving China's domestic climate-change mitigation goals. But China's program is likely to face significant challenges, because of its complexity and large scale. While some of these challenges - such as emissions accounting, allowance allocation and market volatility - are common to emissions trading systems around the world, others are unique to China, particularly in the arid and semi-arid regions of China. One of the most important challenges is the impact of the construction of China's nationalcarbon market on the social and economic development of the regions. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to predict the carbon price trend under different economic development and energy consumption levels, so as to be able to formulate various countermeasures in advance, turn crisis into opportunity and minimize the negative impact of carbon trading policies on arid or semi-ARid regions. The long-term trend analysis and scenario simulation of the carbon price trend of the EUA price based on the Energy-Economic Regulation are conducted. This study uses the long-run trend analysis method and the scenario simulation method to predict the carbon market price trend. Economic growth has a significant promotion effect on the EUA price level, but this promotion effect mainly affects the price level. The huge impact of rising black energy consumption on the carbon price trend is rapid but relatively short-lived, and it has no obvious effect after convergence; however, the negative impact ofblack energy consumption decline is slower and lasts longer. The rapid development of clean energy will promote the rise of carbon price by enhancing the development expectations of market participants and adjusting the energy consumption structure. The weak development ofClean Energy also has a positive effect on EUA prices, and this positive effect has a rising trend. This study is one of the first attempts to predict the carbon price trend under different economic development and energy consumption levels, so as to be able to formulate various countermeasures in advance, turn crisis into opportunity and minimize the negative impact of carbon trading policies on arid and semi-arid regions.
The purpose of this paper is to compare greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across three livestock production systems in Eastern and Northern Ethiopia through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems. The Global Livestock Environmental Assessment Model interactive (GLEAM-i) provides a flexible tool for undertaking GHG estimation from various livestock systems ex ante (FAO and New Zealand Agricultural Greenhouse Gas Research Centre, 2017a, 2017b) through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems. Urban production system had the highest GHG emissions compared to mixed crop-livestock and pastoral production systems, indicating the effect of higher inputs in the urban systems in increasing GHG emission. However, emission intensity (i.e. emission per unit of animal product) of cow's milk was lowest in urban production system implying that there is a potential to reduce GHG emitted from mixed crop and pastoral areas by improving animal productivity. Supplementary feeding of maize grain to livestock accompanied with improvement of manure management and improvement of herd productive and reproductive parameters (e.g. through breed improvement) applied either separately or in combination have resulted in the reduction of CH4 emission, specifically enteric CH4 emissions. This is the first study to compare GHG emissions across three livestock production systems in Eastern and Northern Ethiopia through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the economy-wide impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the climate-resilient green economy (CRGE) strategy in Ethiopia. The study uses a dynamic computable general equilibrium (CGE) model to examine the impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the CRGE strategy. The variation in productivity is derived using the Solow-Solow's sectoral accounting approach to link the CO2 emission and factor productivity at a baseline. The results indicate that CO2 emissions have a negative and significant impact on agricultural productivity and household welfare in Ethiopia. In addition, the study finds that the impact of CO2 emission on household welfare is positive and statistically significant. The results also indicate that the projected trend of agricultural productivity in Ethiopia follows a development path with the CRGE strategy and a conventional development path. This study is the first to examine the economy-wide impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the CRGE strategy in Ethiopia using a dynamic CGE model. The results of the study provide an insight into the significance of pursuing GHG emissions reduction policies, by indicating the direct impacts of GHg emissions on total factor productivity in agriculture and on household welfare.
The purpose of this paper is to establish rainfall IDF curves based on historical rainfall data series in 44 years (1975-2018) for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula, Vietnam. This study established the rainfall IDF curves based on historical rainfall data series in 44 years (1975-2018) for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula. The IDF curves have been designed for 0, 25, 50, 100 and 2 years return periods. This study established the rainfall IDF curves for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula under the impacts of climate change. The results of this work can support authorities in planning development policies as HIR events are expected to increase in frequency and magnitude in the context of climate variability. The results of this work can support authorities in planning development policies as HIR events are expected to increase in frequency and magnitude in the context of climate variability. Estimating the peak intensities of HREs can provide adequate information for infrastructure design. It is necessary to establish the rainfall IDF curves to support the prediction and design of engineering infrastructures.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the impact of product differentiation and emission reduction policies on the production and CO2 emission reduction of the steel industry in China. This paper established a two-stage multi-oligopoly enterprise production selection model by introducing a carbon tax policy and product differentiation theory. The changes in the output, social welfare and other indicators under the constraints of the industry's emission reduction targets and emission reduction policies were analyzed. The effects of product differentiation degree on the decline in output and emission intensity of each enterprise, as well as other economic factors, were also analyzed. The results show that the unit carbon tax and total carbon tax have always increased CO2 emission reduction targets in the industry; in contrast, the social welfare (WW) of the industry, consumer surplus (CS), external macro-environmental losses, and total production have decreased. The carbon tax policy and product differentiation policy have a positive and significant effect on the decline in output and emission intensity of each enterprise, as well as other economic factors. Regardless of whether there is a difference in the products produced among the enterprises, the carbon tax has always increased the CO2 emissions of the enterprises. In addition, there is always a positive effect of product differentiation and emission reduction policy on WW. This paper focuses on the impact of product differentiation and emission reduction policies on the production level and CO2 emission reduction of the steel industry. This paper establishes a two-stage multi-oligopoly enterprise production selection model by introducing a carbon tax policy and product differentiation theory. The changes in total output, social welfare and other indicators under the constraints of the industry's emission reduction targets were analyzed.
Increasing climate change is likely to hinder the steady and rapid development of the world economy. Therefore, one of the key aspects of climate change governance is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes. This paper uses visualization tools, such as CiteSpace and HistCite, to analyze the literature and carry out a comprehensive review of the historical evolution of carbon trading from multiple angles. The paper summarizes the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions (discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path). This paper summarizes the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions (discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path) and hopes to serve as a reference for future researchers and policymakers. This paper provides a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes. The novelty of this article can be displayed in the following four aspects: this paper provided a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes; this paper has mapped the first dual-map overlay figure of the carbon trading literature and demonstrated it by examples; for the first time, in strict accordance with the development of the timeline, this paper made a detailed and systematic analysis of keywords in a certain field, to describe the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions, given the four dimensions of discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path; and this paper summarizes the research hotspots and future research trends and summarizes the whole paper.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of atmospheric nitrogen (N) deposition on the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions. The paper also investigates the effect of N deposition in the soil on the growth history of clones. In this study, the N deposition of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions, was measured in the form of the pulse along with precipitation (snow) and fog, causing changes in nitrogen (N) and other nutrient elements and forming sufficient nutrient supply in a short period. The growth history of the clonal plants was measured by the growth rate and the number of clones in each clonal group. The N deposition in the soil was measured with the help of the N-N-C-N (N-NC) model. The results show that N deposition has a positive and significant effect on the growth of the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis in arid and semi-arid regions. In addition, it is found that the growth rate of clonal plants is affected by the N deposition in the soil, which has a significant influence on the root-shoot ratio of the plants. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the effects of N deposition on the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions, which is one of the more sensitive areas for climate change due to their lack of water resources and fragile ecological environment.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of climate change on agricultural production in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam using a modeling approach. In this study, the impact of climate change on agriculture in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam was assessed by using the climate change model. The model is based on the climate data of Quangnam Province, Vietnam. The climate data were collected from the weather station of Quinh Nhieu, Vietnam, which is one of the most important weather observation stations in the country. The weather data were analyzed by the use of the computer-aided climate modeling (CAM) approach. In addition, the model was estimated by the application of the Monte Carlo simulation method. The results of the study showed that the average annual temperature in Quang Nam Province has increased by about 0.62 Celsius degree during the period of 1958-2014. In addition, in the period (1985-2014), the water level at the Vietnamese naval stations tends to increase significantly with an increase of about 2.45 mm/year. The phenomenon of El Nino and La Nina increasingly strongly affects the climate and weather of Viet Nam. The study also found that climate change has a negative and significant impact on the agricultural production in the province. This study is the first of its kind to assess the impact of climate change on agricultural production in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam. The results of this study can be used as a basis for the development of a climate change adaptation plan for the agricultural sector in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the dynamic behavior of the relationship between carbon emissions and the industrial production index (IPI) in the short and long term. In this context, the scaling exponents and the singularity spectrum are obtained to determine the origins of this multifractality. When the frequency structures in the series are considered, the multifractal detrended cross-correlation approach is applied for analyzing the relationship of the two data at different frequencies. In this work, the local singular behavior of the time-series is analyzed to test for the multifractality characteristics of these series, namely, carbon emissions and the IPI. In this context, the scaling exponents and the singularity spectrum are obtained to determine the origins of this multifractal behavior. When the frequency structures in the series are considered, the MF-DFA technique is applied for analyzing the relationship of the two data at different frequencies to achieve the aim of the study. The empirical findings reveal that the industrial production causes long and short term environmental costs. The OECD IPI and atmospheric carbon emissions are found to have a strong correlation between the time domain. However, this relationship does not mostly take into account the frequency-based correlations with the tail effects caused by shocks that are effective on the economy. In addition, the empirical findings confirm the environmental Kuznets curve (EKC) approach for the short and long term. This study may be of practical and technical importance in regional climate change forecasting, extreme carbon emission regulations and industrial production resource management in the world economy. These results also provide information for the analysis of the environmental cost of the social expenditures, depending on the magnitude of the impact on the total supply.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of drought shock and risk-taking networks on the adoption of modern irrigation technology by farmers in the context of Zhangye, Gansu, PRC. This study is based on the survey data from Zhangye, Gansu, PRC, which is one of the most important arid and semi-arid regions of Northwest China. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. The empirical results show that drought shock and risk-taking networks have a significant impact on the adoption of modern irrigation technology by farmers. The formal risk- taking network and the informal risk-sharing network have significant mitigating effects on the drought consequences that farmers face in adopting modern irrigation technologies. However, in rural areas of northern China, when farmers face drought shocks, it is a formal or informal risk taking network that plays a more significant role. Informal risk taking networks can consider as an effective alternative or complement to a formal risk Taking network. This study contributes to a greater scientific understanding of the adoption drivers for new irrigation technology in the context of small-hold farming. The findings provided an opportunity to draw general lessons from the adoption scenario of the new technology by farmers: on why farmers adopt the new technologies to reduce the risks from drought, and on the process on the adoption process, how different risk-sharing organization plays considerable effects as it was suggested by Aneani et al. (2012), Knowler and Bradshaw (2007) and Knowler, Bradshaw and Council (1996). This article presented recent advances examining the role of drought shock and risk-taking networks toward the adoption of modern irrigation technologies by farmers.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between logistics performance and carbon emissions of 11 Balkan countries. For the purpose of this study, 11 Balkan countries are included in the analysis, which are Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia, Serbia and Montenegro. Logistics performance index (LPI) is used for benchmarking, as it allows a comparison across 160 countries included in most recent versions of LPI. This comparison allows countries to identify challenges and opportunities and improve their logistics performance. To analyze the differences between countries in terms of logistics, the logistics performance index was published by The World Bank in 2007, 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2016. The results show that there is a positive and significant relationship between logistics performance and CO2 emissions in Balkan countries. The results also show that the countries in the Balkan region that are in the process of joining the European Union (EU) have a lower level of carbon emissions than the countries that are not yet members of the EU. This study is one of the first studies to analyze the relationship between logistics performance and CO2 emissions in Balkan countries. The results of this study can be used for benchmarking, as it allows a comparison across 160 countries included in most recent versions of LPI. This comparison allows countries identify challenges and opportunities and improve their performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of adaptation strategies to climate change among the smallholder farmers in Adama District, Ethiopia. A questionnaire survey was conducted among the smallholder farmers in Adama District, Ethiopia. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed among the farmers using a stratified random sampling method. The questionnaire was distributed to a total of 1,000 respondents. The responses were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling. The results of the study indicate that the majority of the smallholder farmers in Adama District are practicing adaptation strategies to climate change. The results also show that the most important determinants of the adaptation strategies practiced by the farmers are knowledge of climate change, knowledge about climate change and climate change adaptation, access to information and technology (IT), access to financial resources and access to technology. In addition, the results also indicate that knowledge about the climate change is the most significant determinant of the implementation of adaptation strategies. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the determinants of adaptation strategies to climate change among the smallholder farmers in the Central Rift Valley of Ethiopia. The findings of this study will help in the development of a better understanding of the factors that influence the adaptation strategies of the farmers in this region.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the under-developed countries of South Asia. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey conducted in the semi-urban areas of Pakistan, Bangladesh and India. The study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was distributed to a sample of 1,000 respondents in the selected cities of South Asia. The responses were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling (SEM) techniques. The findings of the study revealed that the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the South Asian societies are as follows: lack of awareness about climate change; lack of knowledge about the impacts of climate change on the local communities; and lack of resources to cope up with the adverse impacts of climatic hazards. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in the attitudes and behaviours of the local populations towards climate change and climate change adaptation. The attitudinal challenges were found to be more prevalent in the rural areas, whereas the behavioural challenges were mainly found in the urban areas. This study is the first of its kind to explore the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the under-developed countries of South Asia. The findings of this study will help the researchers and policy makers to design and implement community-based mitigation and adaptation strategies to mitigate the adverse impacts of climate change on the societies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the spatial and temporal changes of vegetation phenology and their correlation with climate change in the Loess Plateau. The authors used the time-lag partial correlation analysis to study the response of vegetation coverage to air temperature and precipitation conditions on the Loess Plateau and found that air temperature exerted a stronger influence than precipitation. The authors also used the threshold method to extract phenological parameters of vegetation and to characterize the spatiotemporal dynamics of vegetation phenology. The results show that the correlation coefficient between the maximum temperature and NDVI is positive in wet and cold regions and negative in semi-arid and arid regions. The results also show that there is a significant increase of the NDVI in the study area from 2000 to 2017. The correlation coefficient is positive and significant at the national and provincial scales, and it is positive at the regional and regional scales as well as at the local level. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the relationship between climate change and vegetation phenology in the Loess Plateau. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the selection of optimal species and can provide technical support for the formulation and implementation of ecologically sustainable development measures.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the adaptation strategies used by farmers to cope with climate change and its impacts in the Lijiang prefecture in Southwest China. It also aims to explore the factors that influence farmers' adaptation strategies. A questionnaire survey was conducted in Lijiang, a rapidly changing community in Southwest China that shifted from an agro-economy to a tourism-based economy over the past three decades. The questionnaire was distributed to 1,000 randomly selected farmers, and the responses were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results revealed that farmers in Lijiang have adopted a wide range of adaptation strategies to cope with climate change, including collecting wild edibles, shifting cropping time, replacing existing crops with new crops/varieties and crop rotation, and diversifying their income sources by switching to non-agricultural work such as tourism and other businesses present in their communities. However, the adaptation strategies used by farmers are location-specific and largely determined by socio-economic factors, such as the farmers' level of education, income level, age, farm size, land size, farm age, land tenure and land tenure. The results also showed that farmers' perceptions of climate change were significantly related to their adaptation strategies. This study is one of the first attempts to quantify farmers' adaptation strategies in the context of a rapidly changing community such as the Lijiang prefecture in Southwest China that shifted from an agro-economy to a tourism-based economy. This study contributes to the literature by quantifying the adaptation strategies used by farmers in response to climate change and identifying the factors that influence their adaptation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to test the environmental effects of climate financial fragmentation empirically, aiming to clarify the as yet inconclusive theoretical findings on the impact of fragmentation. Further, this study contributes to the understanding of the role of cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions in climate finance, which has been rarely investigated in prior research. This study develops three hypotheses on the impact of climate financial fragmentation on the environmental effects of China-initiated cooperation with emerging multilateral institutions. These hypotheses are empirically tested using structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis. The empirical result indicates that local carbon emissions have been significantly reduced after the construction of climate financing cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions initiated by China can significantly improve environmental effects. Fragmentation may pose a challenge to traditional climate finance systems; however, cooperation of China-initiated cooperation with emerging multilaterally institutions can improve the environmental effects of climate finance. This study contributes to the understanding of the role of cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions in climate finance, which has been rarely investigated in prior research. Understanding the impact of cooperation and operational mechanisms may encourage regulators, green organizations, investors and other stakeholders to motivate, manage and invest in such partnerships. This study is one of the first to examine the environmental effects of climate financial fragmentation empirically.
The purpose of this paper is to review the existing studies on socioeconomic determinant factors of climate change adaptation (CCA) by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) and to identify the current research gaps and suggest areas for future investigation. A systematic literature review was conducted on the determinant factors of CCA by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). The selected papers were reviewed using the systematic literature search method. The search was conducted using the following search terms: CCA, CCA determinants, socio-ecological factors, and socio-economic factors. The findings of this review indicate that the majority of the studies were conducted in developing countries, and most of them were conducted on pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). The majority of these studies were carried out in countries with low- rainfall rates and low-level of climate change adaptation (CCA). In addition, most of the research was conducted in rural areas, and the geographic distribution of studies on socioeconomic determinant factors of CCA was found to be uneven across regions. This is the first systematic review on the determinant factors of CCA by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa. The findings of this review will contribute to the design of context-specific adaptation strategies in the region and to the body of knowledge by bringing together the pieces of information from various papers.
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of different energy plus non-energy-related direct and indirect inter-sectoral carbon linkages of the Indian economy. The study uses the hypothetical extraction method (HEM) under the Cella (1984) proposal, the MHEM, to decompose the net back and forward carbon linkages of the Indian economy. It also estimates the direct and indirect emissions from the use of different energy types and non-energy sources. The results indicate that energy-related emissions were the main source of direct and indirect emissions from the Indian economy. Energy-related carbon linkages were found to have the greatest impact on direct emissions, followed by non-energy-related linkages. The results also indicate that backward and forward linkages had the highest direct and internal carbon impact on emissions. In addition, the results also indicated that the direct and external emissions from different energy sources were significantly different. This study is one of the first attempts to study the carbon linkages of the entire carbon chain of the Indian economy using the HEM. It is also the first attempt to decompose the net back and forward linkages using the MHEM. The results of this study will be helpful in targeted carbon mitigation efforts to reduce the carbon emissions from different energy sources.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the effectiveness of current policy instruments used in Brazil to promote renewable energy sources and solar, in particular, with a view to proposing future instruments to boost the high potential of solar power in the country. The Brazilian power sector is selected as the case study because it presents the following challenges: an expected significant increase in electricity demand, increasing number of protests at new hydropower plant for environmental reasons and the great success of the performance of some current public policy instruments, such as auctions. It is argued there are conditions to greatly expand the share of solar in the BrazilianPower sector, and this paper discusses proposals on policy instruments to reach that potential. An integrated energy system optimization model (The Integrated Market allocation model [MARKAL]-Energy flow optimization model [EFOM] System [TIMES_BR_light]) was used to identify cost-effective solar power deployment levels for 2030 and 2040, according to selected scenarios regarding the greenhouse gas emissions reduction required by the Paris Agreement aims. This paper argues that solar energy could contribute in an efficient way to a more ambitious contribution from the Brazilian power sector to the mitigation of climate change with a reduction of 80% of emissions in 2030 compared with the value mentioned before, wherein the total expected emissions reduction is applied to the power sector. This paper aims to provide a more comprehensive approach of public policy to solar energy deployment on a large scale. It is argued there are conditions to greatly expand the share of solar in the Brazilian power sector, and this paper discusses proposals on policy instruments to reach that potential.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the evolution characteristics and convergence modes of carbon productivity across Shanghai's 29 manufacturing subsectors. This study uses slacks-based measure directional distance function (SBM-DDF) and global Malmquist-Luenberge (GML) index to measure the carbon productivities of 29 manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai. The results show that the carbon productivities of the manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai have converged over the period of 2001-2016. In addition, the convergence of carbon productivity across the manufacturing sectors is found to be positive and significant at the subsector level, whereas it is negative at the sector level. First, this paper attempts to measure carbon productivities of 29 manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai applying slacks-based measure directional distance function (SBM-DDF) and Malmquist-Luenberge (GML) index, so as to improve the accuracy and efficiency of the calculation. Second, from the perspective of manufacturing subsector, rather than at the geographical level, it provides an insight into the convergence of carbon productivity across the manufacturing sectors for the first time.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the social representation of climate change (SRCC) in a context of exposure to coastal risks in the Caribbean Sea. The study was conducted in two territories of the Caribbean Sea exposed to the risk of coastal flooding, namely, Guyana and Dominica. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire distributed to the inhabitants of the two territories. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results highlight consensual elements: climate change is real and underway, through rising temperatures and severe meteorological disturbances. Moreover, differentiated perceptions are observed according to the geoclimatic anchoring of the populations, notably regarding the causes of modifications of the climate or the chronology of environmental evolution. Regarding climate change adaptation strategies, according to Stehr and Storch (1995), when the effects of climate change are considered as short-term changes, they trigger psychological involvement and psychological proximity to the phenomenon. However, when climateChange is perceived as a global but distant issue with severe consequences, with long-term consequences, it does not cause a change in behavior, even for most exposed populations. This study contributes to the understanding of the social representations of climate change in a context of exposure to coastal risks. The results highlight consensual elements: climate change is real and underway, through rising temperatures and severe meteorological disturbances. Moreover, differentiated perceptions are observed according to the geoclimatic anchoring of the populations, notably regarding the causes of modifications of the climate or the chronology of environmental evolution.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) in OECD countries. This study examines the impact of foreign finance on CO2 emissions and the role of economic growth in this relationship. This study uses a panel data set of OECD countries for the period 1990-2016. The authors use the panel data of the World Development Indicators (WDI) and the International Energy Agency's Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) to estimate the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and CO2 emissions in OECD countries. The panel data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM). The results indicate that foreign finance has a positive and significant effect on CO2 emissions in OECD countries. The results also indicate that the relationship between foreign finance and CO2 emission is stronger in countries with higher economic growth than in those with lower economic growth. This study is the first to examine the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and CO2 emissions Nexus in OECD countries. This study contributes to the existing literature by providing evidence that foreign finance has a positive effect on CO2 emission Nexus in the OECD countries, which is important for policy makers and policy makers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of climate-related and geophysical natural disasters on foreign direct investment (FDI) in developing countries. The authors ask the question: is there a pattern that shows FDI increasing as a result of natural disasters? When controlling for other commonly accepted determinants of FDI, such as the growth rate of income, quality of institutions and natural resource abundance, do we see a change in post-disaster FDI and does the disaster reaction differ in the short and the long run? The authors use a panel data set of developing countries for the period from 1990 to 2014. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the short-run and long-run effects of natural disasters. The authors find that there is a pattern that shows FDI increasing as a result of natural disasters. When controlling for other commonly accepted determinants of FDI, such as the growth rate of income, quality of institutions and natural resource abundance, the authors do not see a change in post-disaster FDI. Further, the disaster reaction differs in the short and the long run. There is a difference between the reaction of manufacturing sector FDI inflows and services sector F DI. Arguably, the two sectoral flows transfer different kinds of technology. This is the first study to explore the impact of climate-related and geophysical natural disasters on sectoral FDI in developing countries. It is also one of the first studies to explore sectoral differences in FDI.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the short- and long-run impacts of climate change on the agricultural output in China. The time series data were taken from the world development indicators (WDI) to investigate an interrelationship between the variables. The augmented Dickey-Fuller (ADF) unit root test for the variable's stationarity and the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) bounds testing approach were used to check the association among the study variables. The empirical findings show that climate change is projected to unfavorably to the agricultural output and incomes in China over the period of 1982-2014. In the long-run, the impacts of climate change on agricultural output are projected to decrease in the short-run and increase in the medium-run. In addition, the ARDL bounds testing shows that there is a significant positive association between rainfall, temperature and CO2 emissions with agricultural output. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the short-run and long-run impacts of climate change on agriculture in China. The results of this study can be useful for policy makers and policy makers to adopt appropriate adaptation strategies to reduce the negative impacts of climatic changes on agriculture.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the local knowledge-based perceptions on climate change and its impacts in the Rakaposhi valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The study was conducted in the Rakaposhi Valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, using a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group discussions with the local people of the valley. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics and thematic analysis. The findings of the study indicated that the majority of the local people of the valley reported that climate change has a negative impact on their daily activities and livelihoods. The climate change impacts of climate change have been observed through changes in phenology and reduced agriculture production of some major crops in the Rakaposhi Valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The findings of this study also indicated that there is a need to develop enabling policies, effective communication strategies and socially accepted technologies to reduce climate vulnerability. This study is the first of its kind to explore the perceptions of local communities on climate change and its impacts in the Rakaposhi valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The findings of this study will help in developing enabling policies, effective communication strategies and socially accepted technologies to minimise risks and reduce climate vulnerability.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of determinants of adoption of climate-smart agricultural technologies (CSATs) and adoption effects on non-rural rice growers (NRI) in Vietnam. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of rice farmers in Bac Lieu, Ha Tinh and Thai Binh provinces in Vietnam. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The findings indicate that the current choice of different packages of CSATs in three provinces are significantly affected by gender, age, number of family workers, climate-related factors, farm characteristics, distance to markets, institutional factors such as access to climate information, confidence on the know-how of extension workers, membership in social/agricultural groups and attitude toward risk, although in general these factors are found to have different effects on the adoption decision of these technologies among the three provinces. This is one of the few studies that have attempted to identify the determinants of farmer's adoption of more than one CSAT in Vietnam. The findings of this study can guide policymakers in developing plans and programs for disseminating appropriate CSATs and mitigate the detrimental impacts of climate change on the agricultural sector.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of climate change on cereal crops production in Pakistan. The paper aims to examine the impact of climatic factors on wheat production in the country. Cointegration analysis was used to estimate the impacts of climate change on wheat production in Pakistan. The data were collected from the Pakistan Wheat Research Institute (PWEI) for the year 2011-2012. The study used a panel data set of wheat production for the period of 2010-2011, 2012-2013, 2013-2014 and 2014-2015. The results of the cointegration analysis showed that wheat production in Pakistan is affected by climatic changes due to changes in rainfall, temperature and other climatic factors. The results also showed that the impact of climate change on wheat production is higher than that of other cereal crops in Pakistan. This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to understand the impacts of climate change on cereal crops production.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight how adoption and scaling of proven climate-smart agricultural innovations in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) can benefit from enhancing the role played by strengthening local institutions (LI) and indigenous knowledge (IK) systems toward complementing formal knowledge systems with IK systems in climate change adaptation work. This study uses a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with smallholder farmers in SSA. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling technique. The results show that LI and IK systems play a central role in the adoption and scaling of climate-smart agricultural innovations among smallholder farmers in SSA. LI is found to have a significant impact on the adoption of climate smart agricultural innovations, while IK has a significant effect on the scaling of these innovations. The findings also show that the role of IK and LI in climate change effects management is likely to improve adaptation to climate change. This study contributes to the literature on climate-smart agriculture by highlighting the role of LI and IK systems in adoption and scaling of climate- smart agricultural innovations in smallholder farming communities in SSA. The findings of this study also contribute to the existing literature on IK and LI in climate change adaptation efforts in rural communities in Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the impacts of a changing climate on the livelihoods of forest-dependent communities proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya. The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using quantitative and qualitative methods. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the Buyangu community proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya. The questionnaire was administered in two phases. In the first phase, the respondents were asked to identify the sources of livelihoods and their dependence on forest resources, while in the second phase, they were asked about the impacts of a changing climate on their livelihoods. The community explained how locals have been experiencing delayed onset of rains, long dry spells and increasing temperatures over the past few years, which have resulted in reduced crops yields from recurrent seasons. Yields of sugarcane, maize, maize and vegetables are adversely affected by the current climate trend in Buyangu forest-dependent community. Similarly, reduction in rainfall and increasing temperature have suppressed animal pastures, compromising milk output, herd sizes and livestock market values. A majority of the respondents suggested that the decline in forest resources was influenced more by the socioeconomic pressures of overharvesting rather than the manifestation of climate change and variability. The community's ignorance of the impact of climate variability on forest resources directly demonstrates the likelihood of higher vulnerabilities and the need for the community to be prepared for climate change. The study provides valuable insights into the effects of climate variability on the livelihoods of forest-dependent communities proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya. The findings will not only enrich our understanding on climate variability and its related impacts on such communities but also will provide insights to researchers and policymakers on practical initiatives needed to enhance resilience at the local scale.
The purpose of this paper is to draw on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting community risk assessment (CRA) of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. CRA is critical for informing climate change adaptation planning. The paper draws on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting community risk assessment (CRA) of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. The study used a mixed methods approach, using quantitative and qualitative methods. The current generation of smallholder farmers is more vulnerable to climate change than the past generation. In particular, the current generation is exposed to higher intensity sunshine, temperature and wind and consequently, is affected the most by the damaging effects of these climatic hazards on their livelihoods, especially, smallholder agriculture, housing and health. Thus, CRA is critical for informing climate change adaptation planning (CCAP). The paper draws on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting CRA of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. Most climate change research focuses on rainfall changes because of its direct effect on farming to the neglect of other equally important factors that affect livelihoods. It is evident that scientific knowledge systems need to be complemented with indigenous knowledge systems for enhancing effective community resilience to climate change.
Adaptation to climate change and variability is regarded as an intrinsic part of households' overall risk management strategies in rural reality. The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic analysis on what factors influence households' adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia. A quantitative approach was adopted for this study. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 1,000 households in rural Cambodia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data and identify the factors that influence households' adaptation decisions. The results show that households' adaptation decisions are influenced by three dimensions: adaptation status (i.e. whether any adaptation has been undertaken by the household or not; if yes); adaptation intensity, defined as the extent (how many adaptation measures) to which adaptation measures have been performed; and adaptation strategy, referred to categories of specific adaptation measures undertaken by households that are classified into different themes of adaptation actions. The results also show that the most important determinants of adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia are household size, household income, household head's age, household size and household size of the household head. This is the first study to examine the determinants of households' adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia using a three-stage quantitative approach. It is also one of the few studies to examine adaptation decisions at the household level in Southeast Asia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate demographic characteristics and social networks that may influence the household capacity to prepare, recover and adapt or change their source of income or livelihood if needed when faced with prolonged droughts or erratic rainfall events in Mbale municipality in Eastern Uganda. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 households in Mbale municipality in Eastern Uganda using a self-administered questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results indicated that age, gender, income and health status were significant predictors of household resilience to climate change shocks and stresses. In addition, social networks with relatives, friends, non government organizations (NGOs) and the government were found to have a significant positive effect on household resilience. This study contributes to the literature on household resilience by using a broad subjective approach that simultaneously explores multiple potential predictors in the context of climate-related shocks and stresses in Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness of 31 provinces and regions in China. Based on the existing literature, this paper first details the construction of a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness. To overcome evaluation subjectivity, this study uses the catastrophe progression method proposed by Chinese scholar Du Xingfu; this can sequence the importance of all indices. The weight of each index is then determined using the principal component analysis method, and the low- carbon competitiveness of 31 provinces in China is calculated. Combined with the improved diagnosis of the obstacle indicator model, this allows the authors to deeply understand the obstacles to certain provinces' low- Carbon competitiveness development. Furthermore, the authors use the spatial autocorrelation model to analyze the distribution of low-Carbon competitiveness. The results show that the overall low-carbon competitiveness of China showed an increasing trend year over year, with Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing exceeding the average level of China and gradually forming a pattern that declined from the coastal to the inland provinces. In addition, Tibet and Huixia have the lowest low- carbon competitiveness. Based on the existing literature, this paper first details the construction of a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness. To overcome evaluation subjectivity, the study uses the catastrophe progression method proposed by Chinese scholar Du Xingfu; this can sequence the importance of all indices. The weight of each index is then determined using the principal component analysis method, and the low- carbon competitiveness of 31 provinces in China is calculated. Combined with the improved diagnosis model, this allows us to deeply understand obstacles to certain provinces' low- Carbon competitiveness development. Furthermore, the authors use the spatial autocorrelation model to analyze the distribution of low-Carbon competitiveness.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether aging and off-farm employment will affect farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. In addition, the authors want to determine whether technology cognition plays a mediating role in the impact of aging andOff-farm Employment on farmers' technology adoption behavior, and also whether social network plays a moderating role. Based on relevant theories, and constructs, this paper is based on a theoretical model of the relationship of aging, off-farm employment, social network, technology cognition and farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results show that aging and off-farm employment hinder farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau, and farmers' technology cognition plays a mediating role in the relationship between aging and technology adoption behavior, and social network plays a moderating role. The results also show that social network can improve the human capital constraints of rural aging andOff-farm Employment on technology adoption. This study is one of the first studies to investigate the impact of aging and off-farm employment on farmers' technology adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the mediating role of technology cognition and the moderating effect of social network in the relationship of aging, off- Farm employment, social network and farmers' adoption behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to provide some grounded analysis on how transformations in technology use and practice can occur and show how it is possible to take advantage of the presence of substantial distortions in many policy and market arenas to leverage technology and craft policy bargains which facilitate Pareto superior reforms, i.e. reforms in which no party is worse off and at least one party is better off. The paper is based on a case study of the diffusion of drip irrigation in India. The authors use the concept of possibilism to analyze the causes of previous policy reform inaction and how the main actors were able to construct bargains for overcoming institutional stalemates over CSA in order to craft policy bargains which facilitate Pareto superior reforms. The authors show how the main actors were able to craft bargains for using the resources "wasted" through policy distortions to compensate those stakeholders who incur costs in making climate-positive changes in technology use and behavior. This requires an intensive political mobilization. These bargains take the form of a series of "possibilism" - i.e. reforms in which no party is worse off and at least one party is better off. This paper contributes to the ongoing development of this literature by demonstrating how reforms can be packaged in a way that is Pareto superior in theory but not so in practice. The concept of possibilism is used to conceptualize the process by which reforms can take hold and how they can be overcome.
Conservation agriculture-based wheat production system (CAW), based on the principle of minimum soil disturbance, continuous ground cover and appropriate crop rotation, provides an alternative to the conventional system to enhance the resilience of agriculture to climate variability through better adaptation to climate change. The purpose of this paper is to understand whether farmers who experienced that CAW performed better under climate extremes during the 2015 wheat season, learned from their experience and increased the land area dedicated to CAW the following year. Using three years panel data from 184 farm households in Haryana, India, together with focus groups discussions with farmers and interviews with key informants, this study investigates whether farmers learn from past experience (for farmers who continued CAW adoption over a period of three years) and from their neighbors (for those who were non-adopters until 2014-2015 wheat season and adopted in 2015-2016 after observing that their neighbors benefited by CAW in both bad and normal year) and why are farmers cautious about expanding the area under CAW even though it copes better with untimely excess rainfall and has a higher economic benefit compared to CTW. The results show that farmers who experienced that CAW performed better under climate extremes during the 2015 wheat season, learned from their experience and increased the land area dedicated to CAW the following year. This is because learnings derived from their own experience and from neighboring farmers (i.e. noticing/communicating/social networks) is one of the important determinants of technology adoption. However, farmers who were non-adopters of CAW until 2014-2015 wheat season and adopted in 2015-2016 after observing that their neighbors benefited by CAW in both bad and normal year are cautious about expanding the area under CAW even though it copes better with untimely excess rainfall and has a higher economic benefit compared to CTW. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate whether farmers in Haryana, India, gradually learn from past climate extreme events and adopt CAW as an ex ante climate risk reduction and coping strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the level of vulnerability to climate change in Can Tho, Vietnam's fourth largest city, by a set of indicators. A set of indicators was developed to assess the vulnerability of Can Tho city to climate change. The indicators were developed based on a literature review and interviews with experts from the city's Climate Change Coordination Office and the local government. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The results show that the city is vulnerable to the impacts of sea-level rise, salt intrusion, drought, climate extremes and climate variability. The vulnerability to climate change was found to be higher in the urban areas of Ninh Kieu, Binh Thuy, Cai Rang, Thot Not, Vinh Thanh, Co Do, Phong Dien and Thoi Lai than in the rural areas. In addition, the study found that the climate change-induced effects of sea level rise, drought and salt intrusion were more severe in the city's urban areas. This study is the first to use a set of indicators to assess the vulnerability of Can Tho city to climate change. The results of this study can be used by the local government to develop appropriate measures with which to respond to the impacts of climate change in the city.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of the 2015 El Nino on maize production in three municipalities in the transitional ecological zone of Ghana. Maize is widely produced by smallholder farmers and serves as the main staple food for most households and livestock in Ghana (Asantewah, 2003; Braimoh and Vlek, 2006). However, because it is mostly cultivated under rain-fed conditions, it becomes vulnerable to extreme climate events like the El Ninos. The study is relevant in understanding how ENSO impacts agriculture: an enterprise that could move the country closer to eliminating hunger and meeting goal one of the Sustainable Development Goals. The study used a mixed methods approach, using both quantitative and qualitative methods. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of smallholder maize farmers in three municipalities in the transitional ecological zone of Ghana. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, frequency distribution, mean and standard errors, and logistic regression. It was established that there were significant reductions in rainfall and increased variability with the within season characteristics. Productivity of smallholder farmers was found to be low and in the Techiman Municipality in particular, production was reduced by as much as 15 per cent. In the Ejura Municipality, however, the impact was not that severe, indicating that there is a spatial component to the El Nino induced rainfall variability in mid-Ghana. The major impacts of the 2015 ENSO season on smallholder maize production in the three municipalities were as follows: reduction in rainfall, reduction in productivity of farmers' maize production and reduction in crop prices. The study is relevant in understanding how ENSO impacts agriculture and maize production: an enterprise that could move the country closer to eliminating hunger and meeting goal one of the Sustainable Development Goals.
The purpose of this paper is to apply adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference systems (ANFIS), artificial neural network (ANN) and fuzzy time series models to predict the carbon dioxide (CO2) emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase for the years 2010-2060. In this study, the CO2 emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase were modeled using ANFIS, ANN and fuzzy time series models. The proposed models were used to predict the emission of CO2 from different sectors, regions and for various kinds of fuel, which proved the significant increase of emissions over time. Various conventional and non-conventional models were employed to represent the relationship between CO2 emissions, global temperature and other GHG emissions. CO2 emission from the energy sector is the major contributor to the increasing global temperature. CO2 emissions from fossil fuel consumption and other sources were reported to be the highest, contributing 55 per cent of the total amount by three major countries: China, Russia and the European Union. The results showed a continual increase in both emission amount and temperature for the period considered in the investigation. It was concluded that the proposed model provided comparatively better results by reducing the mean square error (MSE). This study is the first of its kind to apply ANFIS, ANN and fuzzy time series models to CO2 emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase. The results of this study are expected to be useful for the policy makers, researchers and researchers.
Rangelands are the dominant land use in southern Tunisia under arid and desert climates. These lands, however, have suffered decades of severe degradation due to profound socioeconomic changes, expressed in the emergence of agro-pastoral societies in place of the former pastoral ones. Traditional grazing systems of transhumance and nomadism, which had historically allowed for grazing deferment and control of grazing livestock, have been abandoned. Almost all rangelands in arid areas of Tunisia (with a mean annual rainfall of less than 200 mm) are now grazed continuously without any restriction on stocking rate. Such changes have led to rangeland deterioration. The degradation of soils and the loss of perennial palatable species, mainly grasses, are two direct results of the increasing anthropic pressure on arid rangellands in Tunisia. The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management This study was conducted in the arid rangelands of Chenini community, located in Southern Tunisia, aiming at assessing the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management tools to cope with climate change and improve the resilience of community livelihoods. Rangeland vegetation in the study was able to respond positively in terms of a range of desirable attributes following rational grazing. Even if the results have shown that a protection period of three years is neither sufficient for the disappeared species to return, nor for succession to reach a new stage, particularly in the degraded Stipa tenacissima community, the reintroduction of the rest practice of gdel seems to be beneficial and a suitable tool to sustainably restore the arid rangelands under a changing climate. This study is the first to assess the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management tools for these rangelands to cope with climate change and improve the resilience of community livelihoods.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands in response to climate change. The authors use ecological niche models (ENMs) to assess the potential impact of climatic changes on the establishment and distribution of shrub species in West Asia. The authors used ecological niche models (ENMs) to evaluate the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands. The authors applied the ENMs to a sample of 1,000 rangeland sites in Pakistan to assess the potential impact of climatic change on shrubs' establishment and distribution patterns. The models were used to estimate the probability of occurrence and distribution of shrub species in response to climate change. The results indicate that climate change is predicted to have a significant negative impact on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands in the near future. In addition, the authors found that the impact of climate change on shrubs is likely to be greater than that of grazing pressure. The authors also found that shrub populations in the study area are likely to decrease in response to changes in climate change. This is the first study to examine the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities in West Asia rangelands. The findings suggest that the current state of rangeland management practices may not be sufficient to mitigate the negative impacts of future climate change on West Asia shrub populations. The authors suggest that future research should focus on the development of more effective management strategies to mitigate these impacts.
The purpose of this paper is to study the genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan. A total of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan, were selected for the study. Genotypic, phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies were conducted for 12 traits of the 250 genotypes in two SODs. Genotypes were tested for their genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and genetic variations for their traits. A large variation in the degree of response of bread wheat genotypes to heat stress was observed for various traits, including days to heading, days to maturity, plant height and number of spike/m2. Genotypic variance ranged from 944 to 4,44, 4,192 to 5,120 kg/ha for grain yield in the first and second SODs, respectively. Genotypes differed significantly for these traits among these experiments, indicating the presence of a sufficient genetic variability to identify the best genotypes. There was a wide range of variations in these traits; there were significant differences among the tested genotypes for variations of these traits. The genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheatgenotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan were conducted. This is the first study to study the genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. In this study, the authors used the historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. The authors used a questionnaire survey to collect data from the local communities in the coastal areas. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, frequency distribution analysis and frequency distribution function analysis (FWA). The results of the study indicate that the climate change has a negative impact on the livelihoods of the coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. It is estimated that the average annual temperature has increased by 2-3degC in the past 50 years and the average rainfall has decreased by about 2 per cent per year in the delta. In addition, the average sea level has risen by about 20 cm in the last 50 years, which means that the sea level will rise by 1.5-2.5 m by the end of the twenty-first century. Moreover, there is a significant increase in the number of people living in the coastal area of the delta due to climate change. This paper provides a historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. The findings of this paper can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to develop a sustainable livelihood for the coastal areas in Vietnam.
Wheat is the most important food security crop at the global level with a production of 750 million tons (MT) on about 220 million hectares (Mha) in 2017. Sub-Sahara Africa (SSA) produced a total of 7.5 MT on a total area of 2.9 Mha accounting for 40 and 1.4 per cent of the wheat production in Africa and at global levels, respectively. The purpose of this paper is to examine the challenges and opportunities of wheat production and breeding in SSA in the face of climate change. The paper is based on a review of the literature on wheat production and breeding in SSA. The authors use a mixed methods approach to identify the main challenges and opportunities of wheat production in S SA. Wheat production and breeding in SSA has a huge potential to produce wheat economically and achieve food security in the face of climate change. However, there is a huge gap between local wheat production and demand which, in turn, forces countries to rely on import by incurring millions of dollars from their annual budget. The increasing demand for wheat at global level and the challenges facing wheat production such as climate change, increased cost of inputs, increased intensity of abiotic (drought, heat) and biotic (diseases and pests) stresses, make the wheat demand-supply chain very volatile and at times lead to social unrest. This paper is the first of its kind to examine the challenges and opportunities of wheat production and breeding in SSA in the face of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between the adoption of agroforestry practices and climate change mitigation strategies in the North West province of South Africa. The study was conducted to ascertain the extent to which farmers in the study area are aware of climate change, yet they fail to adopt mitigation strategies. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 farmers in North West province of South Africa. The data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistics. The results of the study revealed that the majority of the farmers in the study area are aware of climate change, yet they fail to adopt climate change mitigation strategies. However, the adoption of agroforestry practices was found to have a significant impact on climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies in the area. Also, the results revealed that there is a significant relationship between the level of adoption of climate mitigation strategies and agro forestry practices. This study is the first of its kind in South Africa to investigate the relationship between the adoption of agroforestry practices and climate change mitigation strategies in the North West province of South Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to present indigenous knowledge-based climate governance (IKS climate governance) as the best alternative for rural communities because they are not directly involved in the governance structure that was presented by Dodman and Mitlin (2015) in Zimbabwe. This study adopted a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with members of a Zimbabwean rural community. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis. The findings of this study revealed that climate change is largely perceived based on observations of variations in temperature, rainfall patterns and changes in many other observable weather conditions over the years. These observations and experiences have been used as indicators of the community's knowledge of climate change. Therefore, this study presented IKS climate governance as the best alternative for rural communities because they are not directly involved in the governance structure that was presented by Dodman and Mitlin (2015). This study contributes to the literature on climate change and variability discourse by presenting an indigenous knowledge-based climate governance structure that is inclusive of rural communities that suffer the most from the impacts of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between gender, social capital and adaptive capacity to climate variability among pastoralists in arid and semi-arid regions of Kenya. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 pastoralists living in arid and semi-arid regions of Kenya using a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance. Elderly women are considered to be the most vulnerable to climate variability and climate change because they are the poorest in the community, followed by the elderly, the disabled, female-headed households, married women, men and, finally, the youth. Less than 30 per cent of women and men in both Katanga and Nyanza regions are married and the majority of women are illiterate. The majority of pastoralists in the study are female- headed households. They are more likely to be illiterate and have lower adaptive capacity to climate change than their male counterparts. In addition, they are less likely to have access to formal education. This study contributes to the literature on gender, social capital and adaptive capacity to climate variability. It is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between gender and climate variability in Kenya's arid and semi-arid regions. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of the use of indigenous forecasts (IFs) and scientific forecasts (SFs) on pastoralists' adaptation to climate change in Rwenzori region, Western Uganda. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey among pastoralists in Rwenzori region, Western Uganda. The research question was "Do pastoralists use indigenous forecasts (IFs) and/or scientific forecasts (SFs) in their adaptation to climate change?" The research model was tested using structural equation modelling (SEM). The findings revealed that the use of IFs only or both SFs and IFs positively influenced pastoralists' adaptation to climate change. The use of SFs was found to have a negative effect on adaptation. However, IFs and SFs did not have a significant effect on the adaptation of pastoralists in the Rwenzori region of Uganda. This is the first study to investigate the effect of the use of IFs and SFs on pastoralists' adaptation to climate change in Rwenzori region of Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate in Mexico the regional impact of an increase of 1.5degC in mean global temperature on soil moisture regimes and to analyze the implications for the different ecosystems of the country. The Newhall simulation model was used with monthly monthly weather data on atmospheric precipitation and average air temperature to estimate soil moisture regimes in Mexico for the period 1980-2016. The model was estimated using the monthly number of humid and dry days. The Newhall model is considered a meso-scale model and although it is valid only for well-drained soils, it is considered that in most cases it provides a reasonable approximation to average soil moisture. The temperature increments are different in different regions of the country, with higher values in the north and lower in the south and on the Baja California Peninsula. Moreover, the values differ depending on the general model of atmospheric circulation and the RCP: lower increments are estimated by the GFDL model and higher by the HADGEM and MPI models, which also estimate larger increases in RCP. Precipitation anomalies are also different for the three models, but the pattern that was estimated is of increase in precipitation in the South and decrease in the North. The GFDL models in both RCP estimates the largest increases in precipitation and a larger proportion of precipitation in a larger part of the area. The HADI and MP I models estimate greater reductions in precipitation. This is the first study to estimate the regional impact of an increase of 1.5degC in mean global temperature on soil moisture regimes in Mexico and to analyze the implications for the different ecosystems of the country under this warming threshold.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the spatial-temporal variations in the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and the response of vegetation to climate change in the Yellow River basin, China, from 1982 to 2012. The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) was used to analyze the spatial-temporal variations of vegetation in the Yellow River basin and the interannual variation of the NDVI over the period 1982-2012. Moreover, the correlation between NDVI and precipitation change was analyzed by using the Mann-Whitney U-test. The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) was found to be positively correlated with precipitation, temperature and land use in the Yellow River basin from 1982 to 2012. The average annual NDVI showed an increasing trend and the variation within the year in the NDVI was significantly correlated with the changes in precipitation and temperature. Moreover, the spatial-temporal variations in vegetation cover were found to have a positive correlation with the change in temperature and precipitation in the period 1982-2012. In addition, it was found that the average annual change in NDVI in the area of the Yellow river basin was negatively correlated with changes in rainfall and temperature over the same period. This is the first study to analyze the spatial-temporal changes in the NDVI and the response of vegetation to climate change in the Yellow River basin, China. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to improve the management of forest resources in rural areas in China, especially in the rural areas.
The purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual proposal for the rational use of the abundant solar irradiation resources of the semi-arid climates of the world for their sustained socioeconomic development. The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of photovoltaic (PV) energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil. This paper presents a conceptual proposal for the rational use of the abundant solar irradiation resources of the semi-arid climates of the world for their sustained socioeconomic development. The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of photovoltaic (PV) energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil. The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of PV energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil. The initial set of factors presented suggest the potential feasibility of such an endeavor and may justify the establishment of coordinated public policies led by the federal and local governments, with a significant participation of the private initiative, non-governmental entities and thousands of small land owners, in the creation of a PV structuring program with economic, environmental and educational repercussions in the NEB. This article details the concept of exploiting the potential for distributed photovoltaic (PV) generation in the NEB associated with local production of food in its drought resilient Caatinga Biome as a developmental and socioeconomic inclusion mechanism. It constitutes an unprecedented alternative to time-proven failed policies rooted on water availability for small-scale farming.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of crop diversification (CD) as a climate change adaptation strategy on farm households' welfare in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. It also examines whether there is synergy or trade-offs between CD and climate change. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey conducted in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 farm households in the study area using a questionnaire survey. Data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach. The results show that CD has a positive and significant effect on farm households' welfare in terms of household consumption expenditure and farm income. However, if we look at the trade-offs, it is found that there is a trade-off between the benefits of CD and household expenditure. The results also show that the effect of CD on household welfare is stronger in the case of low-income farm households than in the high-income ones. This is one of the first studies to empirically examine the joint benefits of CD and climate change adaptation measures on farm households' welfare in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for policy makers and policy makers to design appropriate strategies to improve farm households welfare.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss regional legislation to address climate change in China through exploring the following two questions: first, whether it is necessary to enact climate change legislation at the regional level first, and second, if it is possible to enact regional legislation first. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a literature review and a case study of China's national and regional legislation to address climate change. The results show that it is necessary to enact regional legislation to address climate change at the regional level first, and it is also feasible to enact it at the national level first. However, the feasibility of enacting regional legislation first is questionable, as it is difficult to implement it due to the lack of political will and resources. Moreover, there is a lack of consensus on the importance of regional legislation in addressing climate change. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no prior work has specially studied the differences between national and regional legislation or discussed, which should be enacted first to address climate change in the context of China. This article contributes to broadening current knowledge of regional climate change legislation in China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze perceptions of climate change effects among owners and managers of tourist accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) in the Muga River basin (Girona, Spain) and determine what countermeasures they have taken or are planning on taking to mitigate potential effects. A qualitative case study was conducted in the Muga River basin (Girona, Spain). The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with owners and managers of accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) operating in the area. A considerable proportion of those interviewed were of the opinion that climate change could have a negative impact on the area in general. There was also a perception that changes could negatively affect tourism and business, although this was held by fewer managers and most of these were running hotels and coastal businesses. Those interviewed also expressed different preferences in relation to the promotion and implementation of mitigation and adaptation measures. The authors identified five manager profiles with different levels of awareness and proactivity in regard to the implementation of countermeasures to mitigate the effects of climate change by the tourist industry and their own establishments. This is one of the first studies to analyze perceptions of climate change effects among owners and managers of tourist accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) in the Muga River basin and determine what countermeasures they have taken or are planning on taking.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the productivity and production risk effects of adopting drought-tolerant maize varieties (DTMVs) in Zambia. Drought risk, in particular, is a major concern since it has serious and complex economic, social and environmental implications for rural communities. The study used a cross-sectional survey of 1,000 farm households in Zambia's Eastern province. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate regression analysis. The results show that the adoption of drought-tolerant maize varieties (DTMVs) by farm households in Zambia is associated with a significant reduction in the probability of maize crop failure and a significant increase in maize productivity. The adoption of DTMVs is also associated with an increase in the likelihood of crop yield and a decrease in crop failure risk. This is one of the first studies to examine the productivity and production risk effects of adopting drought-tolerant maize varieties in Zambia. It is also the first study to examine these effects in the context of drought-prone regions.
Flooding has become one of the leading disasters worldwide and is predicted to increase in frequency over the coming years as a result of climate change and other human-induced activities. The purpose of this paper is to examine the perception of flood risk and health impact of exposure to flooding among households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected using a questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling. Households' perception of flood risk was found to be significantly related to their level of education, age, gender, marital status, household size, household income, number of dependants, monthly household income and household size. Households' exposure to flooding was also found to have a significant impact on their health. The results showed that the higher the household's exposure to flood risk, the more likely they were to report that their health was affected. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the perception of flood risk and health impact of exposure to flooding among households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa, Kenya.
The purpose of this paper is to link scientific knowledge to policy by proposing a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is defined and discussed below. The authors apply it to study the Paris Agreement (PA). The authors propose a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of the global carbon budget (GCB), which is discussed and defined below. The authors apply it to the aggregate effect of the national contributions (NDCs) that countries should prepare every five years. The authors propose a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is defined and discussed below. The authors apply it to the study of the PA, and it is shown that the GCB can be used to assess the progress toward the long-term goal. This paper is the first attempt to link scientific knowledge to policy by proposing a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is discussed and defined below. The authors apply it to study the study of the PA.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which climate smart sorghum varieties are being adopted and then dis-adopted by farmers in Tanzania. The question addressed in this study is: In the light of the prominence of wide spread dissemination of improved sorghUM varieties in Tanzania, are some varieties being adopted, and if yes, what does the adoption and subsequent dis- adoption of such varieties tell us about the sustainability of sorghums production in Tanzania and the resulting lessons for sorghumm breeders, policy makers and farmers? Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted among sorghum farmers in the Dodoma and Singida regions of Tanzania. Descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis were used to analyze the data. The results show that the majority of the respondents had adopted climate smart sorghum varieties that had been developed by the International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) and the National Agricultural Research Institutes (Ndjeunga et al., 2015). However, they were dis-adopted due to a variety of reasons, including lack of interest, lack of knowledge, poor quality of the new varieties and lack of financial resources. The majority of respondents reported that they had not adopted any of the climate smart varieties because they were not able to afford them. The most common reasons for dis- adoption were lack of awareness of the benefits of climate smart Sorghum cultivars, poor yield potentials, poor financial resources, poor knowledge of the varieties and poor market conditions. This is one of the first studies to investigate the reasons for the dis-adoption of climate smart sorghum varieties in Tanzania. The results of this study will help sorghums breeders, policy makers and researchers to better understand the factors affecting the adoption and subsequent dis-ADoption of such varieties. The findings of the study will also help policy makers, breeders and researchers in developing countries to design and implement policies and programs to promote the adoption of climate-smart varieties.
The purpose of this paper is to disentangle the specific group of crop switching decisions that are primarily motivated by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influence these decisions. The study was conducted in Semien Shewa Zone of Ethiopia. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted on a sample of 1,000 farmers in the study area. The survey was conducted at the level of individual crops, i.e. millet, maize, sorghum and sorghums. The respondents were asked to indicate the type of crop switching decisions they had made and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influenced their decision to switch crops. The results of the study reveal that crop switching is driven by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors such as price, availability of land and availability of water are the most important determinants of crop switching decisions. The results also reveal that farmers are more likely to adopt drought-resistant crops such as sorghum and millet in the face of climate change. This is the first study to disentangle the specific types of crop switching decisions that are primarily motivated by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influence these decisions. The study is also the first to examine the determinants of these decisions in detail at the level of individual crops.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an in-depth empirical analysis of the institutional and organizational capabilities for climate change adaptation in the public sectors in the least developed countries (LDCs). The authors address critical questions about whether and how LDCs can absorb more donor funding and about the risks and returns involved. The analysis is grounded in the case of Nepal, which can be considered to be an archetypical LDC with problems associated with internal socio-ethnic cleavages, weak government, political conflict and uncertainty, severe organizational resource constraints and, of course, widespread poverty. The analysis is based on over 100 in-depth structured qualitative interviews with government personnel from across different organizational chains as well as detailed surveys of three representative communities. The paper finds that the public sector in the LDCs has limited capacity to respond effectively to climate change challenges. The paper identifies three critical barriers to adaptation in the form of lack of resources, lack of coordination and lack of trust between government agencies and local administrations, as well as a lack of awareness of the risks and returns associated with climate change. By providing a comprehensive empirical analysis of the institutional and organizational capabilities for climate change adaptation in the public sectors, the authors address critical questions about whether and how LDCs can absorb more donor funding and about the risks and returns involved. This research fills an important gap in the literature.
The purpose of this paper is to assess climate change and vulnerability perceptions in the South African rural community of Ga-Dikgale. The study explored the community's perceptions of climate change. The study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 30 respondents from the rural community of Ga-Dikgale in Limpopo Province, South Africa. The data were analysed using thematic analysis. Ga-Dikgale community members are aware of climate change in the form of increased temperature and changes in rainfall patterns. They are aware that devastating changes in their living conditions such as malnutrition, poverty, water and air contamination, increased risks of disease, floods, soil erosion and depletion of biodiversity are as a result of climate and environmental variability. The increase in temperature has been a major concern for local farmers. The community members have developed indigenous and culture-based mechanisms of coping with harsh weather conditions, which negatively affect their subsistence economies, cultural rituals and festivals. The study contributes to the literature on climate change and vulnerability perceptions of rural communities in South Africa. It provides valuable insights into the perceptions of the rural communities about the impacts of climate change on their livelihoods and their potential for adaptation to climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influencing factors of carbon emissions in China based on the projection pursuit model and the Markov transfer matrix. The logarithmic mean Divisia index (LMDI) method is used to decompose the factors affecting carbon emissions at the multi-regional level, which was verified by Ang et al. (2009). By using the LMDI method, carbon emission factors were decomposed into energy intensity, per capita GDP, energy consumption and population, and the impact of these factors on carbon emissions in Beijing were explored. The Markov prediction model has been used to predict the energy structure, as well as carbon emissions, which came up with a method to calculate the Markov transfer matrix, which is verified by the statistical data of energy consumption in a region. The results suggest that energy intensity, per capita GDP, energy consumption and population have a significant positive impact on carbon emissions in each province, while the structure effect has a significant negative impact. The Markov transfer matrix shows that the energy structure effect is the most important factor for reducing carbon emissions, followed by the emission coefficient and energy intensity. This study is the first to analyze the influencing factors of carbon emissions in China based on the Markov transfer matrix and projection pursuit model. The results of this study can be used to promote energy saving and emission reduction in China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the economic impacts of climate change on crop farming in Bangladesh. The study examines the impact of temperature and rainfall changes on crop production, net farm incomes and farmland values. The study uses data from Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics (BBS) for the period of 1980-2015. The study uses a panel data regression model to estimate the impact of climate change on crop production, net farm incomes and farmland values. The results of the study indicate that climate change has a negative and significant impact on crop production and net farm incomes in Bangladesh. The study also reveals that the negative impacts of climate change will be more severe in the short-term and will be less in the medium- and long-term. This is one of the first studies to analyze the economic impacts of climate change on crop farming in Bangladesh. The results of this study will help policy makers and policy makers to take appropriate measures to mitigate the adverse effects of climate changes on agriculture.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the vulnerability to climate change and variability for female-headed and male-headed farming households in the northern region of Ghana. The authors postulate that there is a significant difference in the vulnerability levels of male- headed and female- headed households. The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from 1,000 smallholder farming households in the northern region of Ghana. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS) technique. The results revealed that female-headed farming households were found to be more vulnerable to climate change and variability compared to male-headed households. In addition, the findings revealed significant differences in the vulnerability levels of male- and female- headed farming households in terms of their adaptive capacities and sensitivity to climatic stresses. The findings of this study also revealed that there is a significant difference in the level of sensitivity and adaptive capacities of female- and male- headed households. The findings of this study will provide specific gender vulnerability levels, sensitivity and adaptive capacities to climate change and variability. This will be instrumental in formulating policies to address the specific needs of gender groups in reducing vulnerability to climatechange and variability as a way of achieving Ghana's National Climate Change Policy objective of gender equity.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving local measures for adapting to climate change. The paper seeks to present practical and research-based guidelines for the management of such networks. This qualitative study examines how multilevel networks should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving climate change adaptation measures in Norwegian municipalities. Case studies are presented that test the analytical model of network achievement introduced in the theory section. The case studies show that multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and managed as a means of achieving local measures for adapting to climate change. The case studies suggest that the network structure and structure of the network should be adapted to the specific needs of the municipality, county and national authority levels. The paper presents guidelines for the management of such networks at the municipal, county or national authority level. This is the first qualitative study to examine how multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving climate change adaptations in Norwegian municipalities. The paper seeks to present practical and research-based guidelines for the management of such networks.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing and interpreting climate change issues and integrating them into a managerial decision-making process. The authors also investigate differences in corporate attitude toward the Korean emissions trading scheme (ETS) regulation and carbon management practices. Finally, the authors examine how climate-enterprise proactivity leads to operational performance and market and emission reductions in the context of South Korea. The authors conducted a survey to collect data on climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, corporate attitude toward the Korean emissions trading scheme (ETS) regulation and carbon management practices, and operational performance and market and emission reductions in the context of South Korea. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses. The results show that firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing potential impacts of climate change on their business, seeking business opportunities from climate change and integrating climate change issues into the strategic decision-making process. The results also reveal that firms' proactive stance toward climate change influences the levels of adoption and implementation of carbon management practices across industries. Furthermore, the results indicate that the level of corporate response to climate change is positively related to operational performance and market and emission reduction performance. This study contributes to the literature by exploring how firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing and interpreting climate change issues and integrating them into a managerial decision-making process. This study also investigates differences in corporate attitude toward the Korean ETS regulation and carbon management practices. Finally, this study examines how climate-enterprise proactivity leads to operational performance and market and emission reductions.
The purpose of this paper is threefold. First, the current environmental conditions for viticulture production in Poland are presented. Second, the state of the art of winegrowing in Poland is characterised. Finally, based on primary data applied to an econometric model, climate change factors which could influence the operations and cost-effectiveness of vineyards in the short and medium term are described. Based on primary data applied to an econometric model, climate change factors which could influence the operations and cost-effectiveness of Polish vineyards in the short and medium term will be described. The model is based on data from a survey conducted in Poland in 2015. The modelling presented in this paper suggests that there is a significant probability that the Polish winegrowing sector will progress and develop if appropriate strategies and practices are applied in response to climate change. Farmers should take the advantage of more suitable climate conditions. As a result the area of cultivation as well as wine production could increase in Poland. However, grape growers will be forced to address the risks of unfavourable abiotic and biotic production conditions. This is the first attempt to analyse the impacts of climate change on the development of the winegrowing sector in Poland. It is also one of the first attempts to analyse climate change impacts on the sustainability of wine production.
The degradation of mangrove forests is a growing problem in various mangroves worldwide. The purpose of this paper is to assess the vulnerability of a tropical coastal protected area to erosion using GIS models in the context of climate change. In this study, the vulnerability to erosion in mangroves was assessed using GIS models based on the wave attenuation model developed by the authors. The GIS model was used to assess the vulnerability of mangrove forests in a tropical coastal protected area in Malaysia. The results show that the vulnerability of the mangroves to erosion in the protected area is higher than that of the non-protected areas. The study also shows that the degradation of mangrove forests is likely to increase in the future due to climate change. This is the first study to use GIS models to assess the vulnerability to erosion in mangroves in a tropical coastal protected area using GIS techniques.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically address the occurrence of extreme temperature events in hazard-scenario analysis of Hulunbuir, China. The objectives of this study are: to identify extreme high-temperature events during the past 56 years; to model the hazard of extreme high temperatures; and to consider the possible impact factors of extreme temperatures. A hazard-scenario analysis of extreme high-temperature events in Hulunbuir, China, was carried out by using the hazard model developed by the authors. The hazard model was developed based on the spatial distribution of extreme temperature events and the spatial and temporal distribution of water resources, and was then used to estimate the probability of occurrence of each extreme temperature event. The results of the hazard-scenario analysis indicate that the probability of extreme high-temperatures occurring in Hulunbuir has increased significantly over the past 56 years, and that the frequency and intensity of extreme temperature events has increased by more than 1degC over the same period. The study also found that the impact of extreme temperatures on human activities is likely to be more severe than that of climate change in the near future. This study is the first to systematically address the occurrence of extreme temperature events in hazard-scenario analysis of Hulunbuir. It is also one of the first studies to consider the possible impact factors of extreme high-temperatures in the context of global warming.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the scientific basis of the Paris climate agreement (OPC21) based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports. The warming effects of GH gases are not identical, but they can be converted into the CO2 equivalent by using the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of each GH gas. GWP values are integrated over a 100-year timescale and therefore are not accurate measures of the instantaneous warming effects (IPCC, 2013a). CO2 emissions are reported as gigatons of carbon (GtC) or gigaton of carbon dioxide (GTCO2). The GtC values can be transformed into GtCO2 by multiplying by 3.664. Equivalent CO2 (CO2eq) is the concentration of CO2 that would cause the same level of radiative forcing (RF) as a given type and concentration of GH gas (i.e. methane (CH4), nitrogen oxide (N2O) and halogens). The aim of the COP21 is to keep a global temperature increase below 2degC by 2100 and to drive efforts to limit The present temperatures of the 2000s are unprecedented. The proxy temperature analyses show two warm periods (Lungqvist, 2010, 2010), namely, the Roman warm period from 250 BC to 450 AD and the Middle Middle Age warm periods from 950 AD to 1250 AD. The retreating Mendenhall glacier in Alaska has exposed forest remnants older than 1000 years based on their radiocarbon ages according to a statement by Professor Connor (2013). Evidence shows that these retreating glacier remnants are older than 1250 years. The warming effects of GH gases are not identical, but they can be converted into the CO2 equivalent by using the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of each GH gas. GWP values are integrated over a 100-year timescale and therefore are not accurate measures of the instantaneous warming effects. This paper is the first attempt to analyze the scientific basis of the Paris climate agreement based on the IPCC's own reports. The results of this paper can be used as a reference for other researchers and policy makers who are interested in the Paris Agreement.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between board characteristics and the extent of carbon emission disclosures by Turkish non-financial entities listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange. This study uses a sample of non-financial entities listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (BIST) for the period 2011-2015. Data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on BIST. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression and the Tobit regression. After applying different empirical tests to deal with correlation and controlling for different firm characteristics, the findings indicated that board nationality diversity and the existence of a sustainability committee have a significant influence on carbon emission policies and disclosures. The findings also revealed that companies which responded to the CDP are more likely to have independent directors on their boards. Further, the results indicated that large entities and companies belonging to environmentally sensitive industries are more prone to respond to CDP and thereby disclose carbon emissions. This research contributes to the literature by examining the extent and determining factors of carbon emission disclosures in an emerging economy. This is also the first study that has examined factors influencing the carbon emission disclosure practices of companies in Turkey. Further, this study contributes to understanding the role of board characteristics in carbon emission policies and disclosures, which has been rarely investigated in prior research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how climatic change (as measured by rising temperatures) has affected human mortality in 23 developed countries for the period from 1970 to 2010. The authors argue that the best estimation of the health effects of temperature change comes from modeling the past relationship between temperature and mortality, across countries, for a relatively long period of time. The authors base their analysis on the Becker-Grossman type of health production model. The analysis proceeds through three stages. First, the authors construct a fixed-effects panel regression model to explore the short-run relationship between mortality rates and temperature changes across countries. The main advantage of using panel-data models is that the authors can control for many potential confounding factors. Second, they construct an adaptation regression model in the form of a dynamic panel-effects model. This approach takes into account the lagged effects of temperatures on mortality rate level. Third, they perform panel- data analysis for the sample periods of 1970-1989 and 1990-2010. This study provides evidence of the positive relationship between temperature increases and overall increases in mortality in developed countries during the period of 1970-2010. When the adaptation effect is taken into account, however, only a weak positive relationship is observed. The adaptation effect seems to exist, in particular, in those countries where the annual average temperature is below 13degC (medium-hot zone). In the data set after 1990, the temperature-mortality relationship completely vanishes in the cold zone (annual average temperature below 5degC). In countries in the hot zone, where the average annual temperature is above 13 degC (hot zone), the relationship is weak but still significant. This study provides evidence of the positive relationship between temperature increases and overall increases in mortality in developed countries during the period of 1970-2010. When the adaptation effect is taken into account, however, only a weak positive relationship is observed. The authors further examine whether the adaptation effects differ between areas where temperatures differ between hot, medium-hot and cold.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the conversion between seven types of land uses within three-time periods, namely, 1986, 2001 and 2014, at interval, category and transition levels of intensity analysis. It assessed the historical trends of land use change or conversion by farmers and the major drivers that will influence their decisions for conversions in the future. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from farmers in Kintampo North Municipality of Ghana. The data were analyzed using the intensity analysis technique developed by Aldwaik and Pontius (2012) at interval, category and transition levels. Cropland and plantation are increasing at mean annual rates of 6.92 and 7.12 per cent, respectively, and their major target for transition contributing to this gain is savanna woodland and forest. Approximately 84.2 per cent of respondents in the Municipality have plans to increase their farm size in future. However, 25.83 per cent will change current land use to meet this increase in farm size. Consequently, it is expected that savanna forest and forest will continue to undergo conversion by farmers to meet the targeted level of production. This calls for appropriate LULC conservation policies to maintain and improve the available land cover and their ecosystems for sustainable development. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of crop farmers' decisions on future land use, land cover changes in Kintampo North Municipality of Ghana. The findings of this study will enhance the implementation of appropriate policies aimed at conserving the categories of land use being depleted over time.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of climate change on natural recharge in an arid environment. The main aim of this study is to evaluate how climate change should change groundwater recharge in the coming decades. A mathematical groundwater model (MODFLOW) is used to predict the current and future condition of the groundwater using climate data derived from a global climate model (Long Ashton Research Station Weather Generator, LARS-WG). The possible impact of rainfall change on groundwater recharge was also analyzed in the present work. Based on the results, a GCM, HADCM3, was selected as the optimum model to predict the weather parameters in the study area. LARS-WG model is used to generate the future daily time series of the precipitation under various emission scenarios. The possible impact of rainfall change on groundwater recharge was also analyzed in the present work. The results show that the mean annual rainfall in the area will decrease by about 3 per cent, while the mean mean annual temperature will increase by about 0.5degC. This study is the first attempt to evaluate the impacts of climate change on natural recharge in an arid environment using modeling approach.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the impacts of climate change on the economic development of Bangladesh. As one of the least developed Southeast Asian countries, Bangladesh is among the top ten nations most vulnerable to climate change. The adverse effects of climate variability have already worsened the overall economic development. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on the findings of the Stern Review on the economics of climate change published in 2007. The Stern Review covers several topics in six broad parts. Part one includes two chapters covering the background and different aspects of the climate change. In part two, the impacts of climateChange on growth and development are discussed. Part three discusses the economics and stabilization and the projection of growth of greenhouse gases (GHG) emission. It also analyses the challenges, identification of mitigation cost and structural changes and competitiveness of climatechange policy. The policy responses for mitigation are discussed in part four. This part also explains the reduction of emissions, carbon pricing and acceleration of technological innovation. Part five explains the adaptation policy responses and the role of adaptation in sustainable development. Part six concludes with an international collective action framework for climate change and international support for adaptation. It has been found that climate variables such as temperature and rainfall have increased over the past few decades. Annual maximum and minimum temperatures have negative impacts on the growth rate of the country. Besides, major economic sectors, both at national and regional levels, are negatively associated with these climate variables. To cope with the impacts of climate change the economy, practical measures should be taken on practical measures as soon as possible. This research initiative is inspired by the world-renowned and widely accepted research publication, "The Economics of Climate Change: The Stern Review", led by Sir Nicholas Stern in 2007. It has brought about a new dimension in the conventional analysis of climate change by creating debates about climate economics. The authors are indebted to that publication and express our heartfelt gratitude to the authors involved therein.
The purpose of this paper is to examine efforts that have been made by stakeholders in Cameroon to promote synergy between climate change mitigation and adaptation and prescribed recommendations for improvement. The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with stakeholders involved in the implementation of climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in Cameroon. The results revealed that although policies, laws, strategies and institutional arrangements relevant for promoting an integrated approach to climate change are insufficient in Cameroon, some promising projects and activities that harness great potential for synergies exist. Furthermore, results also showed that interaction between the government ministries and NGOs was poor, and inadequate financial resources or funding was the major challenge stakeholders are and would continue to face as a result of adopting integrated approaches toclimate change. Other challenges that may impede the adoption of integrated approaches were inadequate coordination, insufficient sensitization and capacity building, ineffective implementation, inadequate compliance, lack of proper transparency and inadequate public participation. This paper provides an overview of efforts made by the Government of Cameroon and other relevant institutions to promote synergies between climate change mitigation and adaptation in Cameroon.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the potential of strategic environmental assessment (SEA) to enhance disaster risk reduction (DRR) strategies for the coastal zone of Bangladesh by integrating climate change adaptation (CCA) into policy and decision-making processes. A review of the literature was conducted to identify SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA. A case study approach was used to identify the potential of SEA to reduce disaster risks through CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh. This paper provides an account of the role of SEA as an integral component of policy and decision-making and its contribution to CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh. SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA are identified. A review of the literature and SEA cases suggests that systematic and organized applications of SEA may generate an alternative solution for DRR through CCA. This paper focuses on the potential of strategic environmental assessment (SEA) to enhance disaster risk reduction (DRR) strategies for the coastal zones of Bangladesh by integrating climate change adaptation. This paper provides an account of the role of SEA as an integral component of policy and decision-making and its contribution to CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh. SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA are identified.
The purpose of this paper is to understand community vulnerability to climate change and variability at the local level in a coastal municipality in southern Mozambique with an aim to support policy intervention. The study was conducted in a coastal municipality in southern Mozambique, using a mixed-methods approach. The first phase of the study involved a questionnaire survey, followed by semi-structured interviews with community members. The second phase involved a focus group discussion with a group of community members from the municipality. The third phase involved the use of a case study approach to understand community vulnerability to climate change and variability. The findings indicate that vulnerability to climate change and variability at the local level in the municipality was found to be low, as it was found that the community is able to adapt to the impacts of climate change in terms of resilience, adaptation and adaptation to change. However, it was also found that there is a need for the community to be more proactive in order to reduce their vulnerability. The findings also indicate that the vulnerability of the community was mainly due to the lack of adaptation to changes in the natural environment, which is a result of a lack of knowledge, knowledge and skills to cope with climate change. This is the first study that attempts to understand vulnerability at the local level in Mozambique with an aim to support policy intervention. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for the development of community-based strategies aimed at reducing vulnerability to climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the robustness of geographical instruments, longitude and latitude, for temperature to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture because instrumental variables method makes it possible to assert the relationship between agriculture and climate change as a causal relationship rather than merely a correlation. This study uses instrumental variables method to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture. The empirical methodology is based on a panel data set of Pakistan covering the period from 2000 to 2013. The authors use the panel data to estimate the impact on agriculture of temperature, precipitation, area under cultivation, population, fertilizers, technological changes and agriculture land area. The results show that longitude and latitude are reliable instruments to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture. The results of weak identification and over identification tests support the choice of these instruments. The F-statistic of joint significance is greater than 10 for the excluded instruments, thus passing the test for weak identification. In the case of over identification, the null hypothesis that the selected instrument is not correlated with the error term is not rejected. This study introduces geographical instruments, longitude and latitude, for temperature to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture because instrumental variables method makes it possible to assert the relationship between agriculture and climate change as a causal relationship rather than merely a correlation. No study has considered the reverse causality between the dependent and independent variables by using geographical instruments.
Adaptive capacity assessment is a significant component of vulnerability assessments because it aids the identification of resource-poor communities deserving priority consideration during the formulation of strategic responses to climate change and the allocation of resources and provisioning of assistance. It is also useful in that it assists the governing of adaptation actions by facilitating effective and timely implementation of planned response measures. The purpose of this paper is to map the adaptive capacities of Nkonkobe Local Municipality, Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, which is considered to be extremely vulnerable to climateChange because of limited livelihood options, poorly developed infrastructure, different forms of human insecurity and dependence on agriculture. Geostatistical techniques were used to map the adaptive capacities of Nkonkobe Local Municipality to climate change. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was administered to 1,000 households in the municipality. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0. The results show that Nkonkobe Local Municipality has low levels of adaptive capacities to climate change. It is found that the community's adaptive capacities are limited by poverty, lack of access to adequate infrastructure, inadequate access to water, inadequate planning and management of natural resources and inadequate capacity to cope with climate change induced drought. This study is the first of its kind to use geostatistical techniques to map adaptive capacities of resource-poor communities to climate change in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change (CC) on cocoa production in Nigeria. The authors propose a Ricardian valuation of the impacts of CC on Nigeria's cocoa production. This study uses a Ricardian valuation approach to estimate the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria. The authors use a panel data set of cocoa-producing states in Nigeria covering the period from 2000 to 2012. The data set is based on the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data for the years 2000-2012. The results show that the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria is likely to be more severe than that of other countries in Africa, especially in the sub-Saharan African region because of the problems of huge spatio-temporal rainfall variability, population pressure and limited adaptation and mitigation capacities. However, the impact is expected to be even more severe for a country like Nigeria, where rainfed agriculture is the main source of livelihood for about 50-60 percent of the population and accounts for over 25.5 per cent of the nation's gross domestic product. This is one of the first studies to use a Ricardian valuation approach to assess the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria. The findings of this study will be of great value to policy makers and researchers alike.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the general understanding and attitudes of rural residents in China regarding global warming and their willingness to pay higher prices to mitigate it. The respondents were 1,185 rural residents in coastal, middle and western China. The respondents were from three counties in coastal Shandong Province, middle Shanxi Province and western Gansu Province. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares method. The majority of the rural residents in this study had heard of global warming, but at the same time, they had very limited knowledge about it. Most respondents recognised both the negative impact of the rise in local temperature on agriculture and the various risks that are caused by global warming. The majority of them were willing to pay higher prices to mitigate global warming; however, they were unwilling to do so. Their unwillingness could be attributed to low income, the externalisation of responsibility, a perceived inability to mitigateglobal warming and a perceived lack of knowledge about global warming among the respondents. This study is one of the first to examine the general understanding and attitudes of rural residents in China regarding global warming and their willingness to pay higher prices to mitigate it. The results of this study can help policy makers and researchers to understand how the public's understanding of global warming affects its mitigation responses.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze farmers' responses to climate change in the Brazilian Sertao, the most populous semi-arid region in the world. The paper analyzes the dynamics of climate variables in the last four decades, highlighting trends in average temperatures, precipitation and regional variabilities. Based on farm-level data of the Brazilian Agricultural Census 2006, the paper identifies the most vulnerable hotspots for climate change and how adaptive strategies may attenuate the impacts. Based on farm-level data of the Brazilian Agricultural Census 2006, the paper identified the most vulnerable hotspots for climate change in the Sertao and how adaptive strategies may attenuate the impacts on different groups of farmers. Four main productions are analyzed: milk, cattle, goat and sheep. By estimating independent production-functions for each economic activity, analyses allow for the farmers' full adjustment to changing environmental conditions. The climate change in the Sertao in the past 40 years is remarkable, confirming some of the most pessimistic scenarios for semi-arid regions in the world (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, 2014). Average temperature has risen at a rate of 0.26degC per decade, and the maximum temperature shifted from an average of 30.0degC in the 1970s to 31.4 in the 2010s. At the same time, the number of days without rain over the year increased from 254 in the1970s to 275 in 2010s, and total precipitation reduced by more than 30 per cent. The most vulnerable hotspots for climate change are family farms, which represent 89 per cent of the total number of farms, but their average production value is almost six times lower than that of non-family farms. Their access to basic technologies such as irrigation and technical assistance to overcome recurrent and prolonged droughts is scarce, making them a vulnerable hotspot for climateChange. This is the first study to analyze the impacts of climate change on farm-level adaptation in the Sertao, which is one of the most populous semi-arid regions in the world. The results may be useful to policy makers, researchers and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to review various works in peer-reviewed articles and other forms of publication which have documented climate change in Uganda. It attempts to place into context a diversity of evidence on climate change over the past years, and thereby to call attention to pending issues that need exploring in order to adapt to and mitigate possible threats. The paper is based on a literature review of peer-reviewed articles and other forms of publication which have documented climate change in Uganda over the past years. There is a clear signal in the climate data that temperature has been increasing and, to a lesser extent, evidence that the reliability of rains in the first season has decreased slightly. However, rainfall measurements do not show a downward trend in rainfall amount, a significant shift in the intensity of rainfall events or in the start and end of the rainy seasons. The MAM rains are more abundant and will increase in the near future according to the RCP 4.5 scenario as well as the measured temperatures. Evidence from various studies is tenuous regarding the change in climate for the past three decades. This is the first attempt to review the literature on climate change and variability in Uganda. It provides a framework for further investigation of climate change in Uganda and the associated impacts that ought to be known.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of European Union (EU) and international climate policies, through a participatory process of experts' engagement. This paper presents a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of EU and international climate policies, through a participatory process of highly experienced stakeholders' engagement. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, therefore leading to more accurate results. The results of the participatory procedure allow the identification of a series of sectors, where climate policy is expected to focus in the future, and the definition of specific topics upon which knowledge gaps are expected to appear. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, leading to more accurate results. This paper presents a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of EU and international climate policies, through a participatory process of highly experienced stakeholders' engagement. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, therefore leading to more accurate results.
The purpose of this paper is to present the current state and perspective of water management policy in terms of the impacts of climate change on the Velika Morava River in Serbia. The main drivers of water cycle changes are variations in temperature, precipitation and other climatic parameters in the river basin. Changes in these parameters are expected to have significant impacts on the hydrologic balance and will trigger future changes in water availability. To simulate the future climate in Serbia, the coupled regional climate model EBU-POM (Eta Belgrade University - Princeton Ocean Model) has been applied to 17 climatic stations. The simulations were conducted according to the A1B and A2 climate scenarios, suggesting a significant change in the temperature and precipitation pattern for the future time frame of 2071-2100. The results of hydrological modelling under future climate conditions are summarised in the draft version of the Serbia's First National Adaptation Plan (SFNAP, 2015). This plan sums up the impacts of climate change on water resources for the basins of the following Serbian rivers: the Sava, the Kolubara, the Topa, the Raska and the Mlava. The results show that significant reductions in the annual flows are expected in the distant future, by the end of the twenty-first century, where these changes at the annual level range from a few per cent to about -30 per cent. This paper is the first attempt to assess the impacts of climate change on the Velika Morava River in Serbia, which is one of the most important rivers in the Danube River Basin.
The Global protocol for community-scale greenhouse gas emission inventories (GPC) was published by the ICLEI, World Resources Institute (WRI) and C40 (a network of the world's megacities committed to addressing climate change both locally and globally) in 2014. The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) accounting for the city of Nanchang, China, based on the GPC framework. The GPC framework was applied to the city of Nanchang, China, to calculate the city's CO2e emissions. The city's CEs were divided into four sectors: energy, industrial processes and product use (IPPU), agriculture, forestry and other land use (AFOLU) and waste. The GPC method was used to estimate the distributional value of the CEs using the energy use per unit gross regional product (GRP) as a key indicator. The results show that the GPC framework is a suitable accounting system for calculating urban CO2e emissions in Nanchang. The city's CEs are divided into six sectors: energy, heating and industrial fuels, ground transportation fuels, aviation and marine transportation, agriculture, forestry and other land use, waste, industrial processes and product use and waste. In addition, the city's energy use per unit gross regional product (GRP) is used as a key indicator to estimate divided city CEs. The results indicate that the city is one of the world's top energy consumers and the top carbon dioxide emitter in the world. This study is the first attempt to apply the GPC framework to the underdeveloped city of Nanchang in China. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other cities in developing countries to improve their CO2e emissions accounting.
The coastal areas of Uruguay are among the most exposed to wind-induced flooding and sea-level rise (SLR) in Latin America, with up to 10 per cent of its population directly exposed. The purpose of this paper is to show the implementation of ecosystem-based adaptation (EbA) measures to extreme weather events and flooding within an Integrated Coastal Management (ICM) framework in Kiyu, San Jose from 2013 to 2014. This paper is based on a case study in Kiyu, San Jose (Uruguayan coastal region) from 2013 to 2014. In-depth interviews with national and local-level elected officials and decision makers were conducted to select a short list of adaptation measures, e.g. soft works, climate and beach profile monitoring, training and public awareness to increase community confidence and engagement with the adaptation process. EbA measures to cope with extreme events and sea-level rise (SLR) in Kiyu were implemented within an integrated coastal management (ICM) framework. The results show that the implementation of EbA measures has been successful in increasing the resilience of coastal ecosystems to climate change and SLR, with the participation of the community in the early stages of decision-making. The Kiyu management process allows articulation of local stakeholders with local, sub-national and national-level decision makers. This socio-institutional framework facilitates the implementation of effective coastal EbA measures for the preservation of coastal systems and preservation of ecosystem services to cope with extreme events and sea-level rise.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impacts of a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering strategy on Caribbean coral reefs. In this study, the authors consider a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering strategy in 2020-2020 with daily injections of SO2 at a rate of 5 Tg SO2 per year and concentrate its impacts on Caribbean coral reefs, which are currently threatened by climate-induced ocean warming. The authors evaluate the consequences of the impacts of a 5 megaton (Mt) of sulfate aerosols into the stratosphere to block incoming sunlight. Present and future increases in sea temperature are likely to have severe effects on the Caribbean coral reefs within 50 years. Stratospheric aerosol geoengineering has low costs, and can rapidly mitigate climate change with significant global mean temperature decreases. There is internationally no quantitative assessment on the impacts of geoengineering on coral reefs. In this study, the authors evaluate the consequences of a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering scheme on Caribbean coral reefs, which are currently threatened by climate-induced ocean warming.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent to which the climate change adaptation projects listed under the National Adaptation Programme of Action (NAPA) in selected countries in West Africa have incorporated ecosystem services and their redesigning options. A total of 168 climate change adaptation projects from 13 countries in West Africa were reviewed and subjected to the CRiSTAL tool. The projects fell in three broad categories: resources oriented, enablers oriented and human well-being oriented. The study revealed that the adaptation projects vary in terms of the scope of scope, duration, area and ecosystem services provided by the projects. It is notable that the fundamental determinant of the adaptation approach taken is the sector where the project falls, with the majority (32 per cent) falling in the agricultural sector. A common impediment is low budgetary allocation and reliance on foreign sources of funding with most of the funding originating from outside the country of origin. Furthermore, there are minimal considerations to the complexity of ecosystems when designing many of the investigated adaptation projects. The study determined that different countries had different priorities based on their contextual needs. The study is the first of its kind to assess the status of ecosystem services in adaptation projects in West Africa. The findings of the study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners in the field of climate change adaptation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change (CC) on African indigenous vegetables (AIVs) production in Kenya. AIVs have been identified as an important component in providing food and nutrition security and compensating for nutrient deficiencies. This is especially important for a country like Kenya, which is characterised by rapidly increasing population and high poverty levels and multiple burdens of malnutrition and undernutrition. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 1,000 smallholder rain-fed agriculture farmers in Kenya. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis. The findings show that climate change is having a negative impact on AIV production in Kenya. The majority of the respondents reported that the impact of climate change on their production has been negative, with the majority of them experiencing losses of more than 10 per cent of their production due to insect infestations and diseases in AIVs. They also reported that they were not able to adapt to climate change due to lack of knowledge and skills to cope with the impacts of CC on their livelihoods. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of climate change on AIV production in Kenya. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, policy makers and farmers in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how agricultural production and farmers' incomes are affected by on-going climate variability, and the adaptation strategies practiced by smallholder farmers in three drought-prone districts of West Hararghe, Oromia National Regional State of Ethiopia. The study was conducted in three drought-prone districts of West Hararghe, Oromia National Regional State of Ethiopia. The population of the study area consisted of 1,000 households. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and logistic regression. Most sampled households had better understanding about the ongoing climate variability and they were trying to adopt different mechanisms for mitigating the likelihood effect of the problem on crop production. They had indigenous knowledge of water harvesting technologies, which are important technological advancements to make farmers more efficient in using scarce and the critical agricultural input, water. Adaptation of off-farm and non-farm activities is one method of reducing the effect of climate variability through having a diversified source of income. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of climate variability on crop income and indigenous adaptation strategies of households in West Hararghe Zone, Ethiopia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the perceptions of pastoralists regarding climate variability and its impact on their livestock system and diseases in the Borena lowland of Ethiopia. A questionnaire survey was conducted among 1,000 pastoralists in Borana zone of Ethiopia. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of the study revealed that climate variability and extreme events are adversely affecting the livestock system, directly and indirectly by aggravating the prevalence of diseases, distorting production and minimizing the sector's profitability. The pastoralists have limited adaptive capacity and their coping strategies are compromised by climate extremes and associated risks. There is a need for a new climate change adaptation governance system that would improve the resilience and sustainability of coping mechanisms. This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the perceptions of pastoralists on climate variability and its impact on livestock system and diseases in the Borena lowland of Ethiopia. The findings of this study will contribute to the existing literature on climate change and its effects on the livestock system in the area.
The purpose of this paper is to present the results of a forest inventory and analysis in Gilgit-Baltistan (Gilgit, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Diamer districts of Pakistan, using Landsat satellite imagery and fieldwork. The paper aims to provide a baseline forest inventory for all Pakistan. A forest inventory was prepared at the provincial level using Landsat satellite images at a spatial resolution of 1:250,000 covering the whole area of Gilgit-Baltistan. The data were analysed using a range of statistical techniques, including tree counts, tree counts and tree counts per hectare, tree count per km2, and forest biomass. The forest biomass was estimated using the Forest biomass inventory developed by the FAO. The results show that the total forest cover in Gilgit-Baltistan is about 2.5 per cent of the total area of Pakistan. The total forest biomass is estimated to be 3.2 million trees, of which 1.5 million are coniferous forests and the remaining 1.1 million are scrub forests. The forest biomass was found to be approximately equal to that of Pakistan as a whole, with the exception of a small fraction of forest in the north of the country, which is dominated by conifer forests. This is the first study of its kind in Gilgit-Baltistan and the first in Pakistan. The results of this study can be used to develop a forest inventory for all Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate trends and perspectives for achieving sustainable development from society in relation to climate change in Colombia. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a survey was carried out with a sample of 1,000 respondents from the urban and rural areas of Colombia. The second phase consisted of a focus group discussion with a group of experts from the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) and the International Energy Agency. The results show that the majority of the respondents are aware of climate change, but they do not perceive it as a threat to their livelihoods. The majority of respondents believe that climate change will have a negative impact on their lives in the near future, and they are willing to take measures to protect themselves and their families from the consequences of climate-induced changes. However, they are not willing to invest in new technologies and technologies that will enable them to adapt to climate change and adapt to its impacts. This study contributes to the understanding of the current situation of climate change in Colombia, which is one of the most vulnerable countries in the world. It is important to note that the majority of the population live in the high Andes (where water scarcities and damage to the soil already pose a risk) and the coastal and insular areas (where the expected rise in sea level and flooding will disturb human settlements and economic activities). This situation has generated worldwide concern, especially in countries with greater vulnerability, such as Colombia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how to transform China's environmental impact assessment (EIA) procedures to accommodate consideration of climate change and what constraints might be for doing so. This is in line with the "mainstreaming" approach to build resilience to climate change. The authors begin with a theoretical analysis on the rationale for integrated consideration of climate change via the EIA procedures. Attention is then paid to the existing climate feasibility study in China as a separate initiative to evaluate climate change impacts. In light of the progress and problems revealed in relevant legislation, key issues concerning the transformation of China's EIA procedure are discussed. Comparative research is also applied to consider relevant international experiences. The paper finds that the EIA procedures provide potential tools to collect and evaluate information on what to adapt to and how to adapt. This is in line with the "mainstreaming" approach to build resilience to climate change. But notable challenges and difficulties for doing so pose serious questions on the feasibility and effectiveness of its implementation in China. Political inertia and entrenched vested interests will likely to stagnate reforms towards integrated assessment. Combined with challenges on technology and technology and resources and deficiencies in the existing procedures, the mainstreaming proponents seem unable to provide a realistic prospect to generate incentives for reforms. This is the first attempt to examine the potential of integrating climate change into China's EIA procedures. The findings can serve as an important foundation for future research from legal and other perspectives on how to integrate climate change and other environmental concerns into the EIA procedure.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the main drivers of climate change vulnerability (CCV), adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The paper also aims to explore the extent to which climate change adaptation and climate change risk perceptions affect CCV and adaptation. Data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey conducted in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The survey was conducted on a random sample of 1,000 households. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0. The results of the study indicate that climate change vulnerability, adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan are significantly different from each other. The results also suggest that the main determinants of CCV are climate change adaptation and climate change risk perceptions. In addition, the results of this study also indicate that the level of adaptation to climate change is found to be significantly higher among the rural households than among the urban households. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between CCV, adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in the context of rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The findings of this study will be of great value to policy makers, researchers, practitioners and researchers alike.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a statistical model to forecast domestic water demand in the context of climate change, population growth and technological development in the Yellow River basin. The proposed model is developed through the analysis of the effects of climate change and domestic population growth on domestic water demand and then applied to the Yellow River basin in China. The model is based on the historical records of water demand in the basin. The data are collected from the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China (NBSC) for the years 2000-2013. The results show that the proposed model is able to forecast domestic water demand for the Yellow River basin in the near future. It is found that climate change and population growth have a significant impact on domestic water use in the Basin. The results also show that technological development, population growth and technological development have a positive impact on the demand of domestic water. This study is the first attempt to develop a statistical model to forecast domestic water demand in the context of climate change, population growth and technological development in the Yellow River basin under changing environment.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the processes through which the extremely poor can accumulate assets and build resilience to the impacts of climate change. Further, it identifies how the extreme poor households' assets can be protected, and it explores how long-term resilience for the urban extreme poor can be built. This study is based on a qualitative case study of two extreme poor communities in Dhaka City, Bangladesh. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with the extreme poor households and groups. The findings indicate that the urban extreme poor in Dhaka City have a range of asset-adaptation strategies that are pro-poor. These strategies include asset-transfer, asset-building, asset protection, asset transfer and asset transfer. However, access to these assets becomes limited when the adverse structural context that comes from formal and informal institutions and policies are not considered. Household- and community-level adaptation strategies are constrained, however, by a lack of secure tenure and household capacity, with most communities having neither the physical nor financial capacities to undertake large infrastructure projects. This study may offer valuable lessons for policy adaptation that is pro-poor, as this concept is not yet widely appreciated in the climate-change-policy literature. It identifies the processes through which the extremely poor can accumulate assets and build resilience to the impacts of climate change. Further, it identifies how the extreme poor households' assets can be protected and how long-term resilience for the urban extreme poor can be built.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors that determine the probability and intensity of adoption of multiple climate-smart agricultural practices (CSAPs) in the Gangetic plains of Bihar, India. The study uses cross-sectional data collected in the second half of 2013 from a survey conducted in the Gangetic plains (IGP) of Bihar, India. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study show that the adoption of CSAPs is significantly higher in the rural areas of Bihar than in the urban areas of the state. The study also found that farmers in rural areas are more likely to adopt CD, CD, site-specific nutrient management (SSNM), crop diversification (CD), minimum tillage (MT) and stress-resistant improved seed (IS) than in urban areas. In addition, the results of this study also showed that the probability and intensity of adoption of these practices are significantly higher among the rural households in rural Bihar than among the urban households. This study contributes to the existing literature by identifying the factors that determine the probability and intensity of adoption of CSAPs in the Gangetic plains of Bihar, India. The findings of this study will help policy makers, researchers and practitioners to understand the adoption behavior of these practices and to fine-tune their design and promotion to drive adoption.
The purpose of this paper is to characterize the velocity of cities' future climate shift - i.e. the speed and orientation of the geographical displacement over time - and explore its potential implications on urban dwellers and on the design of adaptation strategies. Employing a large sample of 90 European cities, the authors match the future and current climates of a given location with the past and future climates of any location worldwide. This way, a pair of climate analogues is made of two different geographical locations sharing a significantly similar climate for a different time period. The results show that the velocity of cities' future climate shift is significantly higher than that of the past. Moreover, it is found that cities with a higher degree of urbanization are more likely to be affected by climate change in the future than cities with low urbanization. This is one of the first studies to use climate analogues to characterize the velocity of cities' future climate shift and to explore its potential implications on urban dwellers and on the design of adaptation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore institutions and options for institutional adaptation at the local level vis-a-vis sustainable water management in rural Zimbabwe using the case of Mbire District in the mid-Zambezi Valley area of Mashonaland Central Province. The study adopted a qualitative case study approach, using the case of Mbire District in the mid-Zambezi Valley area of Mashonaland Central Province, Zimbabwe. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with water-related institutions in the case study area. The study was influenced by the critical institutionalism approach. The study found that the institutions in the case study area have adopted a variety of adaptation strategies in response to climate-related challenges in the area. However, there is a dearth of cross-scale institutional linkages and collaborations, particularly with respect to assisting community members to effectively respond to the impacts of climate- related challenges. The study also found that there are alternatives for institutional adaptation vis-a-vis sustainable water management and improving the institutions' efforts in adaptation processes in the context of current national water and environmental policies and regulations. The study essentially adds to evidence-based analyses on local institutional alternatives for climate adaptation vis-a-vis sustainable water management in water-stressed rural African communities. It is important if adaptation processes and interventions are to succeed and help particularly the most vulnerable individuals, households and groups at the local level.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to smallholder agroforestry (AF) systems through their potentials to sequester carbon (C) as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration. A case study was conducted in Zongi village in northern Ethiopia to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to AF systems through their potentials to sequester C as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration. Data were collected using a combination of field observations, interviews and document analysis. The study was carried out in two phases. The first phase consisted of a survey of the land area of the AF site and the second phase of a case study. The conversion of degraded agricultural landscapes to AF system resulted in significant reduction of CO2 emissions and increased carbon sequestration in the drylands. The AF system was able to sequester 1.1-2.2 Pg C of C per hectare of degraded land area, which is significantly higher than the C sequestration potential of existing AF systems in the region. This is the first study to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to AF systems through their potentials to sequester C as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration in drylands. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers and practitioners for designing relevant policies aiming at sustainable use of land resource.
The purpose of this paper is to determine farmers' perceptions on climate change and its stressors in Botswana; identify farmers' adaptation strategies to climate change; and determine factors that influence farmers' Adaptation to Climate Change (AC) practices. The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in Kweneng district, Botswana, using a stratified random sampling technique. The data were analyzed using a binary logit model to determine factors that influence farmers' adaptation to climate change. The results indicated that most farmers in Kweneng district are aware of the increasing temperatures and decrease in rainfall and have attempted to adapt different strategies to mitigate the effects of the changing climate. The predominant adaptation strategies used by crop farmers were changes in planting dates in line with shifts in rainfall season onset, changes in crop varieties planted and changes in the use of chemical fertilizer, pesticides and insecticides. The adaptation strategies pointed out as appropriate for use by livestock farmers were supplementary feeding, vaccination and provision of shading or livestock housing. However, livestock adaptive capacity among smallholder farmers was low as only few practices were suggested, and therefore, there is a need to build adaptive capacity in this sector. The binary logit model results indicate that gender, age, household size, poverty and lack of access to credit negatively affect adaptation to climate change, whereas diversified agricultural practices and knowledge of climate change significantly influence adaptation. This study is the first of its kind in Botswana to investigate farmers' perceptions on climate change and its stressors, their adaptation strategies and determinants of adaptation to climate change. The findings will help policy-makers to design and implement sustainable adaptation strategies that will help reduce climate change impacts in future.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how affective attachments to ideals of post-colonial sovereign independence played out during a single day in April 2014 that Pugh (2016b) spent with town planners - two that he interviewed and others that eventually joined them - in their offices in Castries, the capital of St Lucia (an Eastern Caribbean small island state which gained independence from the UK in 1979). Pugh's (2016b) analysis is closely aligned with the affect theory of Stewart (2011) and Berlant (2011); specifically, their concern for how people inhabit, dwell in and find their way through the more enigmatic and emotionally charged atmospheres of everyday life that cannot always be neatly captured by, or reduced to, coherent and rational conceptualisations of sovereign agency and disciplinary power at work. His analysis is based on a single day in April 2014 that he spent with town planners - two that he interviewed and others that eventually joined them - in their offices in St Lucia. The paper finds that, for the planners in Castries, resilience discourse is constructed herein as one of the contemporary expansive "cultures of safety" and as such a regressive "step back" against the more progressive, but older, ideals of island national independence. These planners complain that, while the resilient islander/subject "merely rides the waves of catastrophe and change", the subject of post-colonial independence "sought to seize history, and transform it". These islanders and public servants were particularly interested in positioning themselves against what is construed as the latest incarnation of a hegemonic and externally imposed, international development agenda. This is the first study to explore the relationship between development and non-climate change in small island states. It is also one of the first to explore this relationship in the context of SIDS.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ethical dilemmas related to the relocation of populations from Small Island Developing States at the highest risk of being submerged under the ocean. The paper is based on a review of the literature on the right of Small Island Developing States to continue their existence as states and on the idea of continuous statehood through the potentially conflictual territorial rights-claims of these states and their homelands. Relocation is not only a matter of migrating individuals. It is provocatively also amatter of rights and responsibilities related to continuous existence as a political community. Whereas the proposals to relocate a certain amount of - or even all - citizens from the island communities to new host states seem plausible enough (given that we are only talking about less than a few million people who are at the highest risk), relocating political communities with continuing collective rights seems to be a different proposal altogether. This is the first attempt to explore the ethical dilemmas of hosting the Small Island Developing States from the perspective of their rights-claims to continuous existence as states.
The purpose of this paper is to disentangle climate-human interactions on oceanic islands because these commenced and to identify those special characteristics of island environments and societies that remain valid in today's globalized world and could be used to help make future interventions for climate change adaptation more effective and sustainable. Three case studies are used to probe past responses of island societies to long-term (multi-generational) environmental changes. The special characteristics of island environments and societies are described with emphasis on the diversity of community coping capacity that is frequently overlooked yet may make a difference between effective and ineffective responses to (future) environmental change. Three case studies are used to probe past responses of island societies to long-term (multi-generational) environmental changes. The special characteristics of island environments and societies are described, with emphasis on the diversity of community coping capacity that is frequently overlooked yet may make a difference between effective and ineffective responses to (future) environmental change. How all this can inform future interventions in island communities to help them adapt to climate change is discussed. This paper is the first to explore the history of climate-human interactions on oceanic islands because these commenced and to identify those special characteristics of island environments and societies that remain valid in today's globalized world and could be used to help make future interventions for climate-change adaptation more effective and sustainable.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate through a series of case studies how extractivism has not only wrought havoc on small islands historically but that it is a practice that continues to occur to the present day. In particular, it intends to show that the negative impacts of extractivism are neither short-term nor limited to those islands. Rather, due to the nature of the resources now being extracted, these negative effects have increasingly global and long-term consequences, which in turn especially threaten the lives and livelihoods of those in the very communities from where the extracted resources originate. The approach taken is to review and synthesize a selection of case studies that highlight the variety of resources that have been removed from small islands over time and where the benefits flow to external parties at significant cost to local communities - in resource depletion, environmental damage and impacts on community health and well-being. Extractivism of local resources in in small islands in Oceania has contributed to environmental degradation locally through pollution and loss of natural capital. It has reduced food security, forced the migration of whole populations, promoted cultural loss and social instability and created fragile economies. Extractivism depletes natural resources and causes environmental degradation, leaving those exposed increasingly dependent on external income, such as from international aid, mining royalties, or - in the case of the island of Nauru - dependent on Australia's asylum seeker industry. Not all extractivism causes system-wide ecological damage, sometimes "merely" local resource depletion, pollution and cultural loss. At its more extreme end as demonstrated in this paper, extractivism forces whole communities to relocate and contributes to the disruption of an entire planetary system. This is one of the first papers to examine the linkages between resource extractivism, health and climate change in small islands in Oceania.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ways in which characteristics commonly allied with "islandness", such as smallness, land boundedness, isolation and fragmentation, may limit the applicability of global and regional climate impact assessment methods to Small Island Developing States (SIDS), particularly atoll countries. This is a conceptual paper that draws on a review of the literature on climate impact assessment methods and knowledge production and decision-making in SIDS and atoll countries. The paper highlights the limitations of conventional climate impact assessment methods to SIDS, particularly atoll countries, given the fundamental mismatches in the spatial scales of knowledge creation and decision-making/action. It also highlights the role that alternative forms of knowledge production can play in validating models, where they can match the scale of island decision making and in guiding adaptation actions at the local level and highlights decision making techniques that can support adaptation even when data is uncertain. This paper is the first to explore the challenges of islandness in both top-down, model-led forms of climate impact assessment and bottom-up, vulnerability-led approaches. It examines the role that alternative forms of knowledge production can play in validating models, where they can match the scale of island decision-making and in guiding adaptation actions at the local level and highlights decision- making techniques that can support adaptation, even when data is uncertain.
The purpose of this paper is to present findings from an innovative UNESCO-funded research project conducted between January and September 2013. The project "Sharing Perceptions of Adaptation, Resilience and Climate Knowledge" (SPARCK) used ground-breaking socio-technological methods to survey three key sectors (secondary school teachers, rural communities and media personnel) in the South Pacific. The project "Sharing Perceptions of Adaptation, Resilience and Climate Knowledge" (SPARCK) used ground-breaking socio-technological methods to survey three key sectors (secondary school teachers, rural communities and media personnel) in Samoa, Fiji and Vanuatu. A mixed methodology approach combined technological innovation (particularly the application of mobile technology) with human/social/social approaches to provide empirical evidence of local perceptions. The findings show that there is a dissonance in the diverse way teachers, the media and communities perceive and relate to climate change in the South Pacific. This encompasses issues, solutions, personal vulnerability and comprehension of science among other factors. However, there is also common ground in perceptions that climate change is due to human activities and is already having tangible effects. The groups studied largely perceive that something can be done about climate change, and perhaps most importantly, the majority felt that actions, lessons and communication should be locally grounded and contextualised, including the use of traditional knowledge where possible. This paper contributes to the literature in two principal ways: first, it provides empirical evidence that local perceptions may strongly differ from national recommendations and plans; second, it illustrates an innovative methodology not used before in adaptation planning. The mixed methodology approach deployed by this research combined technological innovation (particularly the application of mobile technology) with human/social approaches to provide empirical evidence of local perceptions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the perspectives of artist-practitioners on the communication of climate change in the islands of the Pacific. The Pacific islands are particularly vulnerable to climate change, and there has been little practical guidance available on how to effectively communicate climate change specifically in ways that increase community resilience. A qualitative approach was used to explore the perspectives of artist-practitioners on the communication of climate change in the Pacific. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with ten Pacific Island artists who had been involved in projects that sought to respond to climate change. Thematic analysis of the interviews was undertaken to identify themes that emerged from the data. The findings suggest that the Pacific islands of the Pacific have a limited understanding of climate change and its potential for harm, with an attendant lack of community participation and decision-making taking place on adaptation. There is also a lack of awareness about climate change among individuals and communities in the region. Furthermore, there is little practical guidance available on how to effectively communicate climate change specifically in ways that increase community resilience and capacity to adapt. This paper contributes to the understanding of the ways in which artists in the Pacific are responding to climate change in ways that increase community resilience and capacity to adapt to the impacts of climate change on their livelihoods.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for taking responsibility for the climate refugees in Bangladesh. Bangladesh has been severely affected by climate change in recent decades, and it represents centuries of deprivation as a result of colonization, imposed war, economic repression and fragile governance that are considered as the root causes of vulnerability. Climate change and associated incremental level of extreme climatic disasters are now being widely accepted as a threat for mankind. It is also acknowledged that communities in vulnerable regions are already facing limits in their capacity to adapt with those incremental climatic events. In this paper, Bangladesh is used as a case study. Bangladesh has been severely affected by climate change in recent decades, and it represents centuries of deprivation as a result of colonization, imposed war, economic repression and fragile governance that are considered as the root causes of vulnerability. Bangladesh is one of the most affected countries in South Asia by an expected 2degC rise in the world's average temperatures in the next decades, with rising sea levels and more extreme heat and more intense cyclones threatening food production, livelihoods and infrastructure. The findings of this study indicate that the countries responsible for climate change need to take responsibility for the climate refugees. It is also found that there is a need for developing a framework for taking responsibility for climate refugees by the countries that are responsible for contributing to climate change. This paper is one of the first attempts to develop a framework for taking responsibility for the climate refugees in the context of Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of foreign direct investment (FDI) on carbon intensity in different countries with different levels of income. This paper uses the panel data of 190 countries during 1990-2013 to analyze the effect of FDI on carbon intensity in different countries with different income levels separately. The system GMM is more appropriate in estimating a dynamic panel data model, as it can address the issues of endogeneity, heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation within the related variables. The estimation result is more reliable. The results indicate that FDI has a positive and significant effect on carbon intensity in developing countries with different income levels. However, FDI does not have any significant effect in developed countries. Moreover, the effect of FDI on the carbon intensity of the host country is not significant in the case of low-income countries with high-income. To the best of the author's knowledge, this paper is the first to apply a system-generalized method of moments estimator to study the effect of FDI on carbon intensity using worldwide panel data. In this regard, the study of dynamic specification with a lagged dependent variable has been largely unexplored in the existing literature. In addition, the system GMM is more appropriate in estimating a dynamic panel data model, as it can address the issues of endogeneity, heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation within the related variables.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the roles social protection can play in reducing and facilitating migration due to climate change. Based on conceptual arguments and empirical literature on climate-induced migration and social protection, this paper explores the potential benefits of social protection programmes to address climate- induced migration. Based on conceptual arguments and empirical literature on climate-induced migration and social protection, this paper explores the roles social protection can play in reducing and facilitating migration due to climate change. This paper focuses on two social protection schemes for their innovative design and substantial potential to address climate change: the Indian Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and the Ethiopian Productive Safety Net Program. This paper demonstrates that social protection programmes can play various roles in a national policy framework for addressing migration due to climate change. In addition to the provision of transfers, public work programmes can generate direct adaptation benefits through assets and infrastructure constructed as part of these programmes. The Indian Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) and the Ethiopian Productive Safety Net Program (PSNP) are two innovative schemes for their innovative design and substantial potential to address climate change adaptation. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no research has yet thoroughly analysed the potential role and channels of social protection for addressing climate-induced migration. This paper attempts to fill the research gap by analysing empirical literature on the effects of innovative social protection programmes and linking them to climate-related drivers of migration and the needs of vulnerable populations. This allows conceptually deriving key policy implications for the design of future policies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of disasters and climate change on human mobility in the context of South America. Human mobility is defined as: involuntary internal and cross-border displacement of populations, voluntary internal andCross-border migration and planned and consented relocation. This paper is based on a review of the literature on human mobility in the context of disasters and climate change in South America. The authors used a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with representatives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) on Human Mobility and Disaster Risk Reduction. The results show that the current situation requires governments to enhance measures that promote domestic policies and domestic norms to address human mobility in the context of disasters and climate change. This paper contributes to the literature on human mobility in the context of climate change and disasters in South America, as it is one of the first attempts to address this issue from a South American perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to gain an understanding of the current level of planning and oversight of migration and displacement associated with climate change in Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states (SIDS) and identify best practices in the effective management of climate-induced migration and displaced people. A qualitative content and thematic analysis of Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs), supplemented by interviews from AOSIS negotiators from these two regions, provides an identification of the frequency of discussion of climate-induced migration and displacement by Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states. The findings indicate that climate-induced migration and displacement is a significant issue in the Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states, and that there is a lack of consensus on how to address the issue. The findings also suggest that there are significant gaps in the level of planning and oversight of migration and displaced people associated with climate change in these regions, as well as in the development of policies and mechanisms to address these issues. This study provides an understanding of the current level of planning and oversight of migration and displacement associated with climate change and identifies best practices in the effective management of climate-induced migration and displaced people in Pacific and Caribbean SIDS.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of climate change on human migration and displacement in the context of the Republic of Serbia. The aim of this study is twofold: first, to identify the main causes of environmental displacement and migration and, second, to propose a framework for improving planning policy and increasing community resilience to climate change. The paper is based on a review of the literature on displacement and climate change and disaster risk reduction (DRR) as well as on a case study of the Republic of Serbia. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a literature review was conducted on the topic of climate change, and in the second phase, the authors conducted a survey of the local community's planning policy and community resilience. The results of the study indicate that the lack of planning policy is one of the main causes of displacement and migration in the Republic of Serbia. The study also indicates that there is a need for a shift in the approach to disaster risk reduction (DRR) from a reactive to a proactive one, in which a community's resilience is a function of its exposure to climatic conditions (such as coastal location) and the community's adaptive capacity (the capacity of a particular community to recover after the worst of the storm and recover after it). The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze displacement and migration as a result of climate change from the perspective of community resilience. The paper also contributes to the understanding of the role of planning policy and community resilience in reducing the need for displacement.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change in rural India. The authors propose that migration is an important adaptation strategy for households to adapt to climate shocks. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of farmers' migration in rural India. The data were collected from the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) of India in 2015-2016. The authors used a multinomial logistic regression model to estimate the effect of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change. The results show that migration is an important adaptation strategy for households to cope with climate change. The study also found that the migration decision is based on the expected income differential between rural and urban areas rather than the wage differential alone. In addition, migration is a family strategy aimed at maximizing expected earnings and reducing the risk of consumption failure by diversifying income sources. This study is one of the first to examine the role of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change in rural India. The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the factors determining the urban component other than the wage differential.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the magnitude, duration, frequency and spatial extent of meteorological drought in the north east highlands of Ethiopia. For the purpose of this study, meteorological drought was adopted where rainfall is commonly used for drought analysis. Droughts over a region can be characterized using different indices, which all use rainfall either alone or in combination with other meteorological elements. Drought magnitude is categorized, in most commonly used indices, into mild, moderate, severe and extreme. The results of the study revealed that the magnitude of the drought was moderate, while the spatial extent was moderate to severe. The spatial extent of drought was found to be moderate to extreme in the study area. The study also revealed that there was a significant correlation between the magnitude, frequency and duration of drought in the studied area. It was also found that there is a significant relationship between the intensity of drought and the length of drought. This study is the first of its kind to assess the magnitude, duration, frequency and spatial extent of meteorological drought in the north east highlands of Ethiopia. The results of this study can be used as a reference for future drought assessment in Ethiopia.
Global warming owing to an increase in greenhouse gases leads to climate change all around the earth. It is important to study the climate change effect on hydrologic cycle parameters, such as runoff, evapotranspiration (ETP), surface storage and soil moisture, to evaluate conditions of water resources, flood damage amount and hydrology balance. Considering the following factors, population growth, humans' need for food and water resources changes due toclimate change, it seems so significant to evaluate the climateChange effects on ETP. The purpose of this paper is to evaluate potential evapOTranspiration in future periods (2070-2100) in the west of Iran due to the effects of climate change. The present study uses the Lars-WG stochastic weather generator model which is used to simulate climate data in a given station at present and future conditions affected by climate change. Its data are in the form of daily time series for a set of climate variables, such as precipitation, minimum and maximum temperature and sunshine. In the new version of this model, a complete development has been established to provide a powerful model to produce artificial weather data in an extensive climate area. The results have been used to analyse present andfuture extreme climate events and to study climate change effects on wheat in England. The results showed that there is a significant increase in ETP in the future period (2070-2100) due to climate change. In addition, there is also a significant decrease in ETO in the observed period (1960-2010) and a slight increase in the present period (2010-2070). The results also showed that ETP is expected to decrease in the near future (2080-2090) and in the long-term (2090-2080) in the west of Iran. This study is the first of its kind in the west of Iran to evaluate the climate change effects on ETP in future periods.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which remittances have been used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana and the types/forms of investment often made from remittance by rural households and how such investments support climate change risk diversification. The study uses a cross-sectional survey of 1,000 rural households in Ghana to examine the extent to which remittances have been used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households and the types/forms of investment often made by rural households. The study also examines how such investments support climate change risk diversification. The findings reveal that remittances are used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana. The findings also reveal that migrants' remittance is a significant source of financing climate change risk diversification among rural Ghanaian households. In addition, the findings show that remittance-based investments are the most common type of investment often made by rural households to finance adaptation. This is the first study to examine the role of migrants' remittances in financing climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, policy makers and researchers alike.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate flooding vulnerability in relation to the spatial enlargement, particularly in new development areas close to Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. This research uses a mixed-methods approach. First, the vulnerability to floods in new development areas in HCMC has been investigated through a case study of three new emerging districts (District 2, 9 and ThuDuc) in the near future. Second, the flood impacts of these three districts have been evaluated by the existing researches. Third, the impact of the spatial enlargement on flooding vulnerability has been evaluated through an analysis of the existing flood management system in the three districts. The research found that the three new emerging districts are highly vulnerable to floods in the near future, but the local government still the plan for attracted investments in housing without a reference to the flood impacts evaluated by existing researches. This not only exposes more citizens and their assets to floods but also exacerbates the flooding situation of surrounding areas. Furthermore, the existing flood management relies on hard-engineered systems, and soft solutions, such as green-spaces for natural water absorption and reverting natural water ways and integrated water storage in parks have not been cooperated and deployed in practice. This paper contributes to the literature on urban spatial enlargement by investigating the vulnerability of new development areas to floods in the near future. The findings of this paper can be used as a reference for urban planners and policy makers in the planning and management of spatial development of new urban areas.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the application of Kafalah in Islamic banking in Malaysia generally. In addition, the research seeks to ascertain applicable rules governing the application and rules of Shariah governing the same. The research is based on a review of the available literature on Kafalah and its application in Islamic banking in Malaysia. In addition, the research examines relevant laws on guarantee and/or kafalah in the light of the Shariah provisions governing the same. Three major issues in relation thereto have been identified and discussed in this research. These issues are about absolution of guaranteed debtor; multiple guarantors; and recourse and recovery from the principal debtor. The research concludes that the presence of surety does not absolve the debtor from his original liability since guarantee is only meant to ensure payment whether from the debtor or guarantor. On having multiple guarantor, it is contended from Shariah viewpoint that it is not an issue but that such guarantors should stand as having equal responsibility towards the amount guaranteed towards the debtor. For recourse from principal, because of the several applicable conditions, supplementary comments need to be added in the Contracts Act, 1950 to provide clarification to the effect that creditor has requested to settle outstanding debt to the guarantor where guarantor has agreed to pay the amount requested. This research is the first attempt to address the legal issues in application of Kafalah in Islamic banking in Malaysia from the perspectives of law and Shariah.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of Islamic work ethics (IWE) in the Information and Communications Technology sector. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of Information technology companies in Saudi Arabia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results of the study revealed that the relationship between leadership styles and managerial effectiveness was found to be positive and significant. Also, it was found that Islamic work ethics (IWE) mediates the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of IWE. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of IWE in the Information and Communications Technology sector in Saudi Arabia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between economic growth and the development of the Sukuk market in Pakistan. It is a fact that banking sector is so important for economic development and growth. Recent financial crises show that current conventional banking system has some deficiencies. In this point, Islamic banking system which is thought to be an alternative model has entered to banking sector of many countries. The Sukuk Market represents the approval of the principles of Islamic Law (Sharif) in Islamic capital and money market where the market must be free of prohibited elements or activities in Islam. This paper aims to examine this issue. This study uses a quantitative approach to analyze the relationship between economic growth and sukuk market development. This study uses panel data analysis to examine the impact of economic growth on the development of Sukuk market in Pakistan. The results of the study show that there is a positive relationship between the level of sukuk market development and economic growth. In addition, it is also found that the economic growth of the country has a positive and significant effect on the level and growth rate of the Sukuk market. However, there is no significant relationship between economic growth and the number of Islamic banks. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between economic growth and sukuk market development in the context of Islamic banking system in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the challenges of transforming education in the Arab world to prepare students to be effective and productive citizens and workers in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. This paper is based on a review of the literature on education in the Arab world and the Global Education Innovation Initiative's (GEI's) research and practice collaborative. The Global Education Innovation Initiative found that governments around the world are broadening curricular goals and aligning them with this multipronged view of competencies that include not only cognition but also self-knowledge and the capacity to collaborate, or what is often also termed cognitive and socio-emotional development. Another recent study comparatively examined programs of teacher professional development that aimed at supporting teachers with capacities to educate students holistically in the cognitive, intrapersonal and interpersonal domains. This paper is the first of its kind in the Arab world to examine the challenges of transforming education to prepare students to invent the future. It is also one of the first to explore the potential of the Global Education Innovation Initiative as a model for the transformation of education.
The purpose of this paper is to present an original option trading strategy based on the well-known auto regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) econometric model. It is applied to series of European call and put option contracts whose underlying asset is the S&P 500 Composite index. This innovative trading approach based on ARIMA index forecasting is benchmarked to an equivalent approach apart that the index forecasts are obtained from GARCH (1, 1). The authors assess this original method of trading in terms of dollar profit (discounted net profit), profitability index, IRR when available, MIRR and the percentage of times options are correctly identified as undervalued or overvalued. A buy or sell and hold strategy is finally proposed. The paper demonstrates the valuable contribution of this option trading strategy when trading index options. More specifically, the latter generates more profit with call than put options, as the period tested in the paper is set in a bull market, the intrinsic value of calls increasing with the index value while the intrinsic values of puts decreases. In addition, the ARIMA (1, 1, 1) forecasting model with calls offers a higher discounted net profit than the one based on GARCH (1; 1, 2, 1). In this situation, the percentage of times (out of 34,990) that the call option is correctly identified as undervalued or overvalued is 64% with ARIM a vs 59% with GARCH a. Finally, the paper observes that peaks of net profits with puts correspond to peaks of volatility of the S&P 500 Composite index represented by the VIX index. As the GARCH model incorporates a volatility component, this model is expected to provide a better forecasting accuracy than the This paper presents an original option trading strategy based on the well-known auto regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) econometric model. It is applied to series of European call and put option contracts whose underlying asset is the S&P 500 Composite index. This innovative trading approach based on ARIMA index forecasting is benchmarked to an equivalent approach apart that the index forecasts are obtained from GARCH (1, 1).
The purpose of this paper is to review the articles published on strategic management accounting (SMA) and its techniques in the influential accounting journals since 2008 to date (November 2019) to revisit the relevance of studying SMA techniques from traditional Management Accounting Practices (MAPs). The present study used the analytical framework of Shields (1997) and Zawawi and Hoque (2010) to review the articles published on the SMA and its techniques in the influential accounting journals since 2008 to date (November 2019) to revisit the relevance of studying SMA techniques. The study identified 17 SMA techniques under the umbrella of SMA. Out of these 17, 16 were in consistent with Cadez and Guilding (2007, 2008). One more SMA technique, activity based costing/management (ABC/M) was added to this list. However, Tayles (2011) included ABC/M to the list of S MA techniques on the ground that it has moved from activity-based management (ABC) to strategic management (SM). This is the first review of SMA and its techniques published in the accounting journals from 2008 to 2019. The paper provides a comprehensive review of the literature on SMA techniques and their adoption and usage.
The purpose of this paper is to examine empirically the conditional correlation between the major US indices (S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities as; Feeder Cattle, Leen Hogs and Live Cattle during the period from July 22, 2010 to June 30, 2017. Methodologically, the authors use the generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity-dynamic equicorrelation (GARCH-DECO) to investigate the conditional correlation between the major US indices (S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities as Feeder Cattle, Leen Hogs and Live Cattle during the period from July 22, 2010 to June 30, 2017. The main findings of the paper show the presence of a highly significance of conditional heteroscedasticity parameters can demonstrate us to distinguish the nature of the volatility dependency between S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities indices. In addition, the sum of the two parameters (a + b) for the GARCH-DECO (1,1) model is close to 1 which confirms the persistence of volatility in the conditional dependency between the major US indices and the meat commodities. This paper expands its own importance and giving from the detail that it using of GARCH-DECO (1,1) for the first time on the investigation of the conditional volatility and the time-varying variance of DECO between S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities indices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify technical challenges that are hindering the wide-scale adoption of smart and connected health-care systems and discuss how big data and internet of things (IoT) technologies can accelerate the speed at which connected health care can be deployed and adopted by all health care stakeholders. This paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' personal experience in the field of health-care technology adoption. The authors identify technical challenges that are hindering the wide-scale adoption of smart and connected health-care systems. The authors also discuss how big data and IoT technologies can accelerate the speed at which connected health care can be deployed and adopted by all health care stakeholders. This paper identifies the current challenges to digital health-care adoption and discusses how IoT and big data technologies can help promote digital health care adoption.
The purpose of this paper is to review, assess and propose a new integrated framework for improving fire safety in buildings based on current fire hazard challenges. In this study, a comprehensive literature review was conducted to identify the current fire protection features in buildings and their limitations, and the proposed framework was developed to address these limitations. Based on this review, a new integrated framework for improving fire safety in buildings was proposed. The proposed framework consists of three main sections: first, review of existing fire protection measures in buildings; second, assessment of the impact of fire hazard on life, structural, and property safety; and third, development of strategies to improve fire safety. The findings of this study indicate that current fire protection measures in buildings are not effective in mitigating fire hazard and need to be improved to improve fire safety in buildings. This study proposes a new integrated framework (i.e. fire protection features of fire protection in buildings, prevention and management of fire hazard, regulation and enforcement, consumer awareness, and technology and resources advancement to address these limitations. The novelty of the proposed framework lies in encompassing both prevention and management of fire hazard in buildings. To demonstrate the applicability of this framework in improving fire safety in buildings, major limitations of current fire protection measures are identified, and detailed strategies are provided to address these limitations using the framework.
The purpose of this paper is to examine students' perception about the use of mobile phones in an educational setting in a higher education institution located in Jamaica. Students' user acceptance of mobile devices in the learning environment is even more critical for Caribbean and developing world institutions in the context of significant infrastructural, institutional, socio-economic and financial resource constraints. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This research embarked on an empirical approach by collecting data on a sample of undergraduate students and soliciting their perception about using cell phones in a class setting via survey instrument. To elaborate and investigate the main objective, the authors explored in further depth two areas: How do students perceive/rate their own use of mobile phone technology use and its impact on their learning and academic performance? How do they perceive/ rate their lecturers' use of cell phones as a learning tool? The results of the study indicate that students perceive that their own use of mobile phones in class has a positive and significant impact on their learning and academic performance. However, lecturers' use of cell phones in the classroom is not perceived to have a positive impact on students' learning. The results also indicate that lecturers are perceived to be more effective than students in facilitating students' communication and collaboration. This study is the first of its kind to examine students' perception about the use of mobile phones in an educational setting in a higher education institution located in Jamaica. Given the unique challenges and constraints, such studies on student receptiveness to mobile technology use in classroom scenario may better inform institutions how to integrate mobile phone usage into pedagogies and delivery modes to enhance student performance and learning outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia's financial institutions. This study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey among the employees of financial institutions' employees in Moscow, Russia. The sample size of this study was 1,000. The questionnaire was distributed to employees of the largest financial institutions in Russia. The results of the study show that there is a high level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia. However, there is no significant difference in the level of knowledge of Islamic financial principles among the employees of financial institutions in Russia compared to other countries in the world. This study is the first of its kind in Russia to investigate the level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia. The results of this study could be used by the Russian government to develop an infrastructure for the development of Islamic financial system.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of Aaker's brand equity dimensions, namely, brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from a convenience sample of university students in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. It was found that brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty have a positive effect on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products. It was also found that perceived quality has a positive influence on purchase intention. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of Aaker's brand equity dimensions, namely, brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the antecedents of perceived risks and trusts in the relationship between customer satisfaction and loyalty, and examine the moderating effect of gender in the proposed relationships. In addition, this study extensively examines the gender differences. Based on the comprehensive analysis, this study takes into account customer security constructs (e.g. perceived trust and perceived risk) to investigate the customer's behavioral intention toward mobile payment. Based on the theoretical framework, a conceptual model is proposed to demonstrate the antecedents of perceived risks and trusts in the relationship between customer satisfaction and loyalty, and examine the moderating effect of gender in the proposed relationships. In addition, the study extensively examines the gender differences in the suggested relationships. The results of the study successfully validated the proposed relationships and suggest that the perceived risk has a significant negative influence on perceived trust and customer satisfaction. Perceived trust is the most important variable in building customer satisfaction, and customer Satisfaction is the reasonable predictor of customer loyalty. In addition, gender differences moderate the adoption of mobile payment service. This study provides a better theoretical insight into the perceived risk and trust factors that influence the adoption of mobile payment services by identifying their effects on the people who use this service. Existing studies have focused primarily on motivating factors, while current study focuses on customer security related factors and becomes more relevant, as security-related factors are pre-requisites for the adoption in financial transactions. In addition, the study successfully examined the moderating effect of gender, which provides a clearer picture of the different perceptions in mobile payment of different genders.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the business-to-business (B2B) context perceive branding, and to evaluate how they currently manage branding communication channels and branding strategies. This study adopts an innovative methodological approach - netnographic and interview evidence - to explore how B2B SMEs approach branding online and offline, and to provide insights on how these firms from emerging markets upgrade their branding practices. Findings reveal three brand management approaches: conservative, integrative and integrative-exploratory. The descriptors for these three approaches offer management sense-making value, not least by providing shared terms to establish shared meaning within the cultural spaces opened up by B2B co-working, thereby building trust in brand management relationships. This study contributes to the existing knowledge on brand management from a B2B SME perspective, and responds to the calls for more branding research to focus on an Eastern-related context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which the external dimension of the Pan European Bologna Process (BP) has been realized, 20 years after its launch. The stated number one objective of the BP reform was to present and explain the European Higher Education Area (EHEA) to other world regions. This paper is based on a review of the literature on higher education in Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean and Asia-Pacific. The authors analyze the extent to which the external dimension of the Bologna Process has been realized, 20 years after its launch. The paper finds that the external dimension of the BP reform has not been able to achieve its stated goals. There is a lack of consensus among the signatories of the Bologna Process on the need to harmonize higher education in Europe, Africa, Central Asia and Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. The paper also finds that there is a need for more research on the progress of the reform in the three regions. This paper is the first attempt to examine the progress of the external dimension of the BP 20 years after its launch. It provides an overview of the progress made by the BP in Europe, Africa, Central Asia and Asia-Pacific and Latin America.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of concept mapping to visualise contested knowledge which may have been regarded as tacit knowledge: the values and perceptions of teachers that underpins their practice. Concept mapping has been used in numerous educational settings and is becoming a common feature in the higher education literature (Kinchin, 2014). Most of the studies that have been published to date have tended to concentrate on mapping curriculum knowledge (i.e. agreed knowledge). This study was undertaken with a group of five academic colleagues working within the same Biochemical Sciences Department who appeared to have a shared philosophy of teaching and were working on the development of a new undergraduate curriculum. Concept mapping was used as a tool to facilitate the discussion and development of concept maps to facilitate a greater level of pedagogic resilience in the face of a wider environment that is considered by the participants to be resistant to radical change. The authors found that concept mapping enabled the academics to articulate their views about their teaching practice in a way that was consistent with the concepts of pedagogic frailty and resilience in a collaborative environment. The concept mapping process enabled the authors to gain a deeper understanding of the participants' views about the nature of their teaching practices and the ways in which they were able to articulate these within the framework provided by the concepts. This study is the first to explore the use of concept mapping as a means of visualising tacit knowledge in the context of faculty development in a collaborative environment.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the existing policy, legal and institutional framework of information and communication technology (ICT) in electronic banking to establish whether they are sufficient and effective enough to prevent and contain cybercrime in Tanzania. The study adopted a quantitative approach using a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was sent to all the major banks and financial institutions in the country. The respondents were selected using purposive sampling. The data collected were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation and regression analysis. One of the big problems that ought to be addressed sooner rather than later is avoidance of unnecessary delays in responding to cybercrimes in e-banking. After all, procrastination is the thief of time. Overall, the increasing application of new innovations not only in banking sector but also in other sectors should go mutatis mutandis with the enactment of relevant and pertinent policy and law without leaving loopholes unplugged to protect the users. This study is the first of its kind to examine the legal framework challenges to e-banking in Tanzania in the context of developing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to explore Google Art and Culture, which is a digital collection of artwork, photographs, historical events, notable figures, prints and sculptures of thousands of resources from almost all the countries of the world. This platform gives users to explore world-renowned artifacts, archives, museums, archives and organizations that are in cooperation with Google Cultural Institute. It not only provides users with significant features like any user can zoom into their views into high-resolution images with specifications; can create their own collection; and is able to watch and watch videos. The study is based on a content analysis of the Google Art and Culture website. The content analysis was carried out using a combination of descriptive and inferential statistics. The data were collected from the website, and the data analysis was done by using descriptive statistics. The study tried to show that digital technologies are having the significant impact on the preservation of world-wide art and culture. Within this framework, when it comes to promoting and protecting the diversity of world culture and art in a new environment, the progress made by some countries could be extremely useful for others. Indeed, many of the initiatives in relation to creativity and cultural industries are increasing the visibility of the world of art and art. The present study is an effort to explore Google Art and Culture. The study tries to show that digital technologies are having the significant impact on the preservation of world-wide art and culture. Within this framework, when it comes to promoting and protecting the diversity of world culture and art in a new environment, the progress made by some countries could be extremely useful for others. Indeed, many of the initiatives in relation to creativity and cultural industries are increasing the visibility of world art and art.
The purpose of this paper is to present estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis. This paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis. The paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis. About 5 per cent of Europe's population is Muslim. Two main factors are responsible for a growing European Muslim population: the influx of refugees coming mainly from Muslim countries across the Mediterranean Sea or overland through Southeast Europe; and anti-Islam political parties have gained support in many European countries. This paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis.
Drawing on behavioural plasticity theory, the purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between abusive supervision and moral courage and the moderating role of moral efficacy. The study also examines how the interaction between both influences moral courage. A cross-sectional design was used to collect data from nurses in a public hospital in Egypt. Structural equation modelling was employed to test the proposed hypotheses. The results show that the negative relationship between abusive supervision and moral courage is reduced when employees are high, rather than low, on moral efficacy. The study makes a number of contributions to the literature. First, most of the previous research on the relationship between leadership and ethical outcomes in organizations has mainly focused on positive forms of leadership such as ethical leadership. However, less is known about the role of undesirable leadership behaviours on ethical outcomes. This study seeks to address this limitation by examining how moral efficacy interacts with abusive supervision to influence moral courage. Second, although moral efficacy is believed to be an "important contributor" to the desire and decision to engage in morally courageous acts, very little is known empirically about whether individual differences in efficacy beliefs could "contribute to the understanding of moral courage" (Baumert et al., 2013, p. 1055).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the joint effect of corruption, seigniorage and borrowing on inflation using a large panel data set of 72 countries. The authors use a large panel dataset which consists of 72 countries for a long period of time ranging from 1995 to 2011. In addition, the analysis account for endogeneity problems which are typically found in such studies by using Fixed Effects and 2SLS models. The authors have also applied techniques that control for the possible endogeneity, autocorrelation and serial correlation problems. In all of the estimated specifications, the results show that corruption contributes to inflation both on its own and jointly with public finance indices. The results are significant and have the right signs, which give evidence of the contribution made by corrupt officials to increasing inflation, thus eventually hurting growth. The positive and significant results indicate that corrupt officials have alternative sources of funds by which they contribute to high inflation. The authors have updated the investigation on the effects of corruption on inflation using data gathered since 2011 across 72 countries. The authors have also applied techniques that control for the possible endogeneity, autocorrelation and serial correlation problems that have been observed in the literature on corruption studies. In addition, the analysis account for endogeneity problems which are typically found in such studies by using Fixed Effects and 2SLS models.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the usage intention of Facebook users through the judgment of the uses and gratification (UGT) and with some mediation effects in the context of Facebook. A survey was conducted to collect data from Facebook users. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the study reveal that UGT has a significant effect on usage intention, and user habit and subjective norm play mediating roles in the relationship between UGT and usage intention. This study is one of the first attempts to examine the usage intention of Facebook users through the judgment of the uses and gratification (UGT) and with some mediation effects in the context of Facebook.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between the signaling variables (auditors' reputation, underwriters' reputation and ownership retention) and initial public offerings (IPOs) in the context of institutional characteristics (legal origin and corruption levels). The study uses a panel data set of OECD countries for the period from 2000 to 2012. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) technique to examine the relationship between the signaling variables and IPO initial returns. It also examines the moderation effects of a country's corruption level (proxied by the Corruption Perception Index [CPI]) on the relationships between the variables. The results show that the relationship between the signaling variables (auditors' reputation, underwriters' reputation and ownership retention) and IPO initial returns is positive and significant in both common law and civil law countries. The results also show that corruption levels moderate the relationships between the three signaling variables and IPOinitial returns in both civil law and common law countries, but the moderation effect of corruption levels varies between the two institutional contexts. Most of the extant literature in this area merely explains the possible reasons and underlying theories for the relationships between the abovementioned signaling variables and IPO initial returns; none has incorporated the alterations that institutional characteristics may create in these relationships. The novel contribution of this study is to fill this gap in the literature and offer important insights to firm owners, fund managers, and investors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between human resource management practices (HRMP), ethical climate (EC), performance appraisal (PA), organizational performance (OP) and the mediating role of ethical climate in the relationship of HRMP and OP in Nigerian educational sector. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the employees of Public Educational Sector Administration (PESA) in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study showed that HRMP has a significant positive relationship with EC, PA and OP. EC was found to be a significant mediator in the relationship between HRMP and OP, while PA and EC were found to have a significant negative relationship with OP. It was also found that EC was a significant moderator in the HRMP-OP relationship. This is one of the few studies that considered the inclusion of mediator or moderator in the relationship between HRMP and OP. It is the first of its kind in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the growth rate of intermetallic compound (IMC) at the interface of Cu/Ni and lead-free interface, and the Kirkendall void formation rate for the FCCSP package under reliability stress following automotive reliability criteria. FCCSP package can pass through automotive reliability criteria that follow AEC Q100 Grade 0 condition, with solder bump or Cu pillar structure, and the molding underfill only can protect fragile dies from the environmental stress. The Cu6Sn5 intermetallic compound is the most sensitive to continuous heat which grows from 3 to 10 um at high temperature storage 2,000 h testing and the second is Cu3Sn IMC. The first phase to form and grow into observable thickness for Ni and lead-free interface is Ni3Sn4 IMC and the thickness has little relationship to the environmental pressure. The first phase to form and grow into observable thickness for Ni and lead-free interface is Ni3Sn4 IMC, and the thickness has little relationship to the environmental stress, as no IMC thickness variation between TCT, uHAST and HTSL stress test. The more the Sn exists, the thicker Ni3sn4 IMCs will be derived from this experimental finding compare the Cu/Ni/SnAg cell and Ni/Sn Ag cell. This study is one of the first to investigate the growth rate of IMC at the interface of the Cu/Ni/SnAg cell and Cu/snAg cell, and the Kirkendall voids at the interfaces of Cu/Sn IMC. This study will help the packaging industry prioritize the development of advanced package for the next generation of automotive market requirements, especially for analog IC of intelligence vehicle.
The purpose of this paper is to add a spectral perspective to the Saudi population projections of the Population Division of the United Nations (U.N.) used in Abusaaq's (2015) paper on Saudi Arabia's pyramid of ages. The authors forecast 80 years of Saudi Arabia's population by age groups with spectral analysis presented in Rostan and Rostan (2017a). The Burg (1975) model combined with wavelet analysis is a versatile and robust model that may help the Saudi government policymakers, planners and pension managers to gain insight into the future pyramid of ages. The authors show that the overall population forecasts of the two models have positive trends, making the spectral analysis making the KSA's population increasing at a positive rate until 2100 when it reaches the 86-million marks. However, the drivers of KSA population growth are different depending on the method. The age group of the U.N. model follows a distinct pattern, a sharp uptrend for the last 80 years of the twenty-first century. The UN model assumes that medical progress and medical progress will increase the number of people aged 60 or more in Saudi Arabia. The authors provide a robust model to government policymakers, planners or pension managers to gain insight into the future KSA's pyramid of ages: spectral analysis assumes that population time series propagate through time like signals through space.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of student evaluation of teaching and its impact on student response rate. The paper aims to discuss these issues. This paper is based on a review of the literature on student evaluation of teaching and student response rate in higher education. The paper is also based on the author's personal experience as a lecturer and a researcher. The study found that there is a significant relationship between student response rate to student evaluation of teaching and lecturers' response rate. The study also found that lecturers can increase the response rate by making personal appeals to the students to complete their course evaluation surveys. This paper is an original work of the author. It is based on her personal experience as a lecturer in a university teaching program.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between strategic improvisation (SI) and performance of higher education institutions (HEIs) and the moderating role of organizational culture on this relationship. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of HEIs in Nigeria. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique. The results of the study revealed that SI is positively related to HEIs performance, and organizational culture moderated the relationship between SI and performance. Specifically, the results showed that organizational culture moderates the relationship of SI with performance. This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between SI and performance of HEIs in a developing country context. The findings of this study will be of value to both academicians and practitioners in the field of SI.
Three-dimensional printing (3DP) has the potentials to be a milestone in multi-material 3DP, customized design and structural applications. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) in a single structural form to get the benefit of combined properties of different materials. It was suggested that hybrid deposition manufacturing (HDM) process can fulfil the demand of high dimensional accuracy, less post-processing with improved surface properties. The 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) with recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics was carried out on a 3D printer. The extruded material through the nozzle head is directed on the print bed and immediately hardened to ensure the part fabrication. To ensure the better dimensional stability of the component formed, it is required to process the printing below the melting point of the substrate. The 3D printers were used for 3DP of the multilateral components of ABS, TPU and PLA. The results of the study reveal that the 3D printing of recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics for multi-material 3DP has the potentials to be a milestone in RM, customized design and structural applications. Being compatible of functionally graded materials in a single structural form it can be applied potentially in structural application to get the benefit of combined properties of different materials. The 3DP provides a fast and robust structure with compact functionality of all combined materials. This study is the first of its kind to investigate the 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) in a single structural form for structural applications. The results of this study will be useful for researchers and scientists to understand the impact of 3DP of recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics for structural application.
The purpose of this paper is to review the theoretical and numerical results presented in (Amendola et al., 2016a, 2016b, 2016c; Fraternali et al, 2015a, 2015b, 2015c) on the mechanical response of layered pentamode lattices equipped with rigid and hinged connections, by studying the variation of such quantities with the lattice constant, the solid volume fraction, the cross-section area of the rods and the layer thickness. The authors first present a collection of numerical results on the response of pentamode metamaterials in the bending-dominated regime induced by the presence of rigid connections between the bars and the plates forming the structure, by studying the variation of such quantities with the lattice constant, the solid volume fraction, the cross-section area of the rods and the layer thickness. The authors then review available analytic formulae for the vertical and bending stiffness properties of layered pentamODE systems equipped with hinged connections. The examined applications are aimed to contribute to the diffusion of engineeredpentamode lattices into the broad field of structural engineering, which at present makes limited use of mechanical metammaterials. The analyzed results highlight that layered pentamode lattices exhibit high elastic stiffness against compression loads and, contemporarily, very low or nearly zero rigidity against shear and twisting loads. In particular, it has been shown that the ratio between the compression modulus and the shear modulus of FCC systems increases with the number of layers stacked in the vertical direction. These results allow us to conclude that such laminated metamaterials may be considered as innovative anti-seismic devices. The paper contributes to the diffusion of engineered pentamode lattices into the broad field of structural engineering, which at present makes limited use of mechanical metamaterials.
The purpose of this paper is to present numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms, which are formed by discontinuous sets of tensile elements, which connect two sets of three compressed members. Numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms is presented. First, the existence of freestanding placements in absence of external loads is studied by varying values of two aspect parameters: the relative twisting angle between the terminal bases and the inclination above the horizontal plan of the internal strings. Next, local solutions of the self-equilibrium problem are numerically derived through Newton-Raphson method and infinitesimal mechanisms of the analysed physical model are solved. The prestress stability of the structure is related to the positive definiteness of geometric stiffness matrix in correspondence to each possible mechanism. The following investigation of the elastic response of the examined structures in large displacements regime under a uniform uniaxial loading took place. The incremental equilibrium problem is numerically solved through a path-following approach. The experimental results are in close agreement with the numerical solutions, and highlight the multi-faceted elastic response of class th = 1 tensegrity prisms that can switch from softening to stiffening. Such peculiar response can be usefully exploited for the design and construction of novel tense grity meta-materials. The paper presents numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms. Such a configuration can be stabilized through a suitable set of self-equilibrated internal forces.
magnesium (Mg)-based composites are gaining a growing attention as a promising alternative for bio-inserts and bone fixation devices, because of their high biodegradability, superior biocompatibility and low elastic modulus nearing to that of the bone. However, their full potential use is not escalating and, often hindered because of the consequential drawbacks. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the physical-mechanical properties of Mg-3Si-HA composites, which have been fabricated using Spark plasma sintering (SPS). The Mg-3Si-HA composites were fabricated using the Spark plasma sintering (SPS) technique under cyclic loading. The SPS technique is a novel and intense approach to fabricate porous, compact and biodegradable biomaterials with improved mechanical, antibo-biological, antibacterial, corrosion and corrosion performance. The Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases of the Mg3Si composites (Mg-2Si-Si) were analyzed for their mechanical properties. The developed Mg-3Si-HA composites showed low ductility, high strength and high corrosion resistance because of the presence of bigger Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases. Moreover, the composites were found to be biodegradable and biocompatibility-free. The developed Mg-3Si-HA composites showed low ductility, high strength and high corrosion resistance because of the presence of bigger Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases. The developed composites also showed high biodegradability, superior biocompatibility and low elastic modulus nearing to that of the bone.
The purpose of this paper is to study the dynamic properties of a 2-D periodic material in the representative unit cell (RUC). In this paper, a 2-dimensional periodic material is considered as an example of a 2D lattice with a representative unit cell (RUC) and the Bloch wave vector is represented by a linear combination of the reciprocal space vectors b1 and b2. The spatial periodicity of the 2D periodic material has been studied by means of a numerical study. It has been observed that the position and width of the first band gaps are influenced by the magnitude of the micro-scale parameter l. Moreover, flat bands also appear in the low-frequency region if auxiliary micro-beams are present. Finally, a not-uniform mass density distribution over the RUC may influence the band structure of the 2D periodic material. The study of the dynamic properties of a 2D lattice is usually based on few assumptions. This paper is one of the first attempts to study the 2-D periodic structures of the representative unit cell.
This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems on masonry structures. This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems. The first model considers that such structures exhibit a no-tension membrane state of stress across the thrust surface. The membrane equilibrium is used to research an optimal shape of the surface of the masonry model, under specific no-Tension and position constraints. The Pucher's formulation is applied to identify the potential of the membrane stress, by a nonconforming variational approach, with defined polyhedral approximations. It leads to a representation of such a stress field by a discrete network of compressive forces and allows to predict the regions exposed to crack pattern and to evaluate a lower bound of the collapse load of the examined vault. The numerical results have highlighted the efficacy of the two approaches that could represent fast and useful tools to evaluate the statics of curved masonry structures and the optimal design of strengthening interventions. The approach provides statically admissible force network with no-tension constraints and allows to evaluate if a vault is safe or not under fixed load conditions. This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems on masonry structures.
This paper aims to examine the effects of corporate social responsibility, social media marketing, store environment, perceived value and sales promotion on consumers' purchase decision with empirical data from department stores in Malaysia. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from department stores in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses. The findings revealed that corporate social responsibility has a significant positive effect on purchase decision and this is in line with previous researches. The findings also showed that the store environment has a positive and significant impact on consumers' purchase decision. However, sales promotion has a negative and significant effect on a consumer's purchase decision in the Malaysian retail market. The results also revealed that social media marketing has an insignificant effect on the purchase decision of a consumer. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effects of corporate social responsibility, social media marketing, store environment, perceived value and sales promotion on consumers' purchase decision with empirical data from department stores in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse a set of advanced economies and compare the way in which some factors considered to influence risk propensity are associated to this variable. Furthermore, in the wake of studies whose findings suggest that relative to general population, entrepreneurs possess a different set of characteristics (Camelo-Ordaz et al., 2016), the authors use two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs. The research question pertains to whether the propensity to risk is associated in the same manner to gender among entrepreneurs and non-Entrepreneurs, while controlling for other characteristics. This research uses the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) database, an international survey pertaining to entrepreneurship that is widely used in entrepreneurship research and offers interesting insights based on two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs. The authors compare the way in which some factors considered to influence risk propensity are associated to this variable. The findings suggest that gender and culture are much stronger in influencing risk propensity among non-entrepreneurs than among entrepreneurs. Furthermore, the propensity to risk is associated in the same manner to gender among entrepreneurs and non-Entrepreneurs. The authors contribute to this literature by comparing the propensity to risk between women and men by using two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs, while controlling for other characteristics that are likely to influence such propensity. This type of research is scarcer in the entrepreneurship literature.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the association between the effects of market sentiment, liquidity, persistence and leverage in the dynamics of implied volatility (IV) during earnings announcement. This study investigates theoretically and empirically the change dynamics in IV around earnings announcements dates. The causal relationship between persistence and leverage as well as sentiment and liquidity are modeled using SPSS Analysis of Moment Structure (AMOS). The ability to conduct Bayesian analysis, a process that will improve estimates of the model estimates, is integrated within AMOS. This feature provides the opportunity to compare estimated values derived from both the Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Bayesian approaches to analyses of the same CFA model. The accuracy of the Bayesian model is quantified using examples from the tech sector. The results of the study show that liquidity, market sentiment, liquidity, persistence and leverage have a significant impact on the change dynamics of IV around earnings announcements dates. In addition, the results of Bayesian analysis show that the model estimates are significantly better than the Maximum Likelihood (ML) estimates of the model. Although there is extensive literature on methods for estimating IV dynamics during earnings announcement, few researchers have examined the impact of expected MMM, IV differential and IV Rank on the IV path after the earnings announcement. One reason for this research gap is because of the recent introduction of weekly options for equities by the Chicago Board of Options Exchange (CBOE) back in late 2010. Even then, the CBOE only released weekly options options for four individual equities - Bank of America (BAC), Apple (AAPL), Citigroup (CN) and US-listed shares of BP (BPBP). The introduction of these options provided more flexibility and flexibility from the perspective of trading volatility. This study has highlighted the impacts of market sentiment and liquidity as part of the model for forecasting IV during earnings announcements.
The purpose of this paper is to test the moderating role of organizational culture (OC) on the relationship between corporate entrepreneurship (CE) and business performance (BP) in the context of selected banks in Pakistan. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the employees of selected Big Five banks in Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to test the proposed model. CE was found to be positively related to BP. Further, OC moderated the relationship between CE and BP. In particular, the findings of the present study indicated that the moderating role of OC on the CE-BP relationship was not significant. This study is the first of its kind to examine the moderating role of OC on the relationship between CE and BP in the context of Pakistani banking sector. The findings of the present study would be useful for both academicians and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an examination of the corruption-environment link. It will quantify two distinct mechanisms through which corruption will influence pollution. The first mechanism of connection is the direct impact of corruption on environmental regulation and enforcement. The second one is "indirect" through economic growth. This is possible due to the link between economic growth and pollution described by many studies. Based on a perception study in 2011, the Tunisian corporate governance central has sought to establish a barometer for measuring and monitoring the level of corruption. This work is conducted through a questionnaire of a sample of 250 citizens with the survey themes: the perception of corruption by sector, the degree of acceptability of behavior corruption, the different attitudes to corrupt practices, the assessment of government action to fight against corruption and measure the risk ofcorruption. The results show that corruption has a negative effect on both carbon dioxide emissions and energy consumption in Tunisia. In addition, corruption has an indirect effect on environmental quality through economic growth. The results indicate that corruption is the second most important source of environmental degradation in Tunisia after unemployment. The contribution of this paper is therefore to quantify both the direct and indirect effects of corruption on environment in Tunisia. No previous study has attempted to analyze how the level of corruption can affect environment in Tunisian.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether there is a significant correlation between the corporate characteristics and capital structure such as size, profitability, liquidity and age. The study uses a sample of 106 listed companies on Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) over the time period 2011-2015. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the DSE for the period of 2011 to 2015. The sample was divided into two groups, namely, financial and non-financial companies. The financial companies were included in the first group and the non- financial companies in the second group were excluded from the study. The findings of this study indicate that there is a significant correlation between the corporate characteristics and leverage of the firm. It is also found that the firm's size, profitability, liquidity and age have a significant impact on leverage. Also, the findings of the study show that there are significant correlations between debt equity ratio (DER), current debt ratio (CDR) and proprietary of equity ratio. This study is an extension of previous research, where a set of corporate characteristic variables is considered to examine their association with the leverage of the firm. The findings of this study have contributions for the regulators and enforcement agencies such as Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Bangladesh (ICMAB), Institute of Chartered Accountant of Bangladesh, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE).
The purpose of this paper is threefold: to affirm to a broad audience the exigent need to treat all in the human conversation with kindness, respect and dignity; to argue that the very purpose of formal education - from a US perspective - includes a sense of spongy inclusion; and to make the Prince Sultan University Research Review (PSURR) road while walking it and contribute some soil to the common ground of exchange and academic collaboration. The paper uses the tropes of kindness, inclusion and appreciation to argue for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the Prince Sultan University Research Review (PSURR) are exemplars of possibilities. Within the writer's academic field of teacher education, opportunities abound to make connections and to make the next generation steel steel. This paper argues for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the PSURR are exemplars of possibilities. Within the writer's academic field of teacher education, opportunities abound to make connections and steel the next generation for provincialism and ignorance. Every moment is an opportunity to respect and be kind, but kindness is not enough - students of all ages need to feel part of the human conversation. Visiting KSA, the writer hopes, with this small contribution, fosters this sense of inclusion, and the appreciation of such inclusion is represented herein. This paper is original in that it uses the tropes of kindness, inclusion and appreciation to argue for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the Prince Sultan University Research Review are exemplars of possibilities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the implications for research, policy and practice of teaching English as a multilingual language in the multilingual classroom. This is a conceptual paper that draws on the author's work in World English: A Study of Its Development and related publications. For speakers across the globe, English is, by its nature, a language of multilingualism and multilinguals, and English has established itself alongside other languages in many speech communities around the world. This process takes on different forms and intensity and generates a good deal of intellectual debate in the field of applied linguistics (Brutt-Griffler and Kim, 2016, Kramsch, 2016; Seidlhofer, 2011; Widdowson, 2003). This is the first time that multilingual proficiency has been conceptualized in the context of English as a language of multilinguals.
Optical character recognition (OCR) is a technique that aims to automatically convert a machine-printed or handwritten text image into an editable text format. This technique is highly desirable in various real-world applications, such as digitising learning resources to assist visually impaired people, bank cheque processing and mail sorting. Although handwritten script is significantly more challenging than printed Arabic text for OCR, Arabic printed text OCR still poses significant challenges. To produce an efficient Arabic OCR system, effective performance evaluation of current OCR systems is essential. The purpose of this paper is to provide a better insight into the effectiveness of the state-of-the-art of Arabic printed Arabic O CRR systems with possible interpretations for future performance enhancement. An experimental protocol is developed to evaluate the effectiveness of Arabic OCR systems in terms of their sensitivity to different levels of page quality. The performance metrics are then used to compare the performance of the most common Arabic O CRR systems. The results show that the performance of the two Arabic OCR systems is significantly better than that of the control system. In addition, the results indicate that there is a significant difference in the performance between the two systems in terms of their sensitivity to different levels of page quality. This study is the first attempt to evaluate the effectiveness of Arabic OCR systems in relation to the challenges of Arabic script. It also provides a set of performance metrics that can be used as a benchmark by researchers to compare the performance of OCR algorithms in comparison to each other.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic (PV) technology from the public's perspective in Malaysia. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the general public in Malaysia. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the proposed model. The results of the study indicate that the TAM model has a good fit to the Malaysian context. The results show that the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic technology in Malaysia are perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived usefulness (PU), perceived cost (PU) and perceived risk (PR). The results also reveal that PEOU, PU and PR have a significant impact on the intention to use solar PV technology in the future. This study is one of the first to examine the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic technology from the public's perspective in a developing country, such as Malaysia. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to evaluate the prospects of solar PV technology.
The evolution of digital systems has made it difficult to discuss cyberattacks across a variety of stakeholders. There is currently no universal language or model that is suitably able to cater for the needs of all stakeholders who may be affected by an attack. This means that stakeholders have to be technical and comprehend many other non-technical aspects of attacks or else misunderstandings across the stakeholders are likely to happen. The purpose of this paper is to outline commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model. The paper outlines the basic uses of nuances as a means to describe subtle differences between attacks. It outlines commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model. The authors have considered conceptual use cases to demonstrate how the annotation method can be used in real-world examples. The paper outlines the basic uses of nuances as a means to describe subtle differences between attacks. It outlines commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model. The authors have considered conceptual use cases to demonstrate how the annotation method can be used in real-world examples. In the future, the authors intend to investigate how this annotation approach can be extended further. This paper is the first to propose an approach to annotate attack models to describe subtle differences between attacks. The approach can be used by academics and analysts to express subtle details in attacks that may not fit a model without compromising or replacing an existing model.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the fundamentals of the measure of influence on recommender systems. Recommender systems let users share their reviews about products, places, establishments or services. The social component has become an interesting aspect of recommender system because it allows an increase of popularity of a product or place. Such popularity comes as a consequence from the satisfaction of the consumers. For this reason, some businesses approach the received reviews seriously to keep good satisfaction rates or for increasing them. Since some reviews received more votes than others, it can be stated that some reviews are numerically more relevant than others. The proposed model is applied to the Yelp Dataset from the YelpDataset Challenge (Yelp, 2015). The proposed model considers the previous work with respect to the measure of influence in users in the Yelp recommender system. The obtained results indicate that there is a link between users' popularity, users' reviews and the impact on businesses' scores. The percentage of influential users is small compared to the population of regular users. It is seen that influential users tend to review more places than the average number of users. Similarly, the influence over a business is found to be higher than that over a product or place. This paper is the first attempt to measure the influence of users in the Yelp recommender system. It is expected that more influential users have stronger influence with their reviews than regular users. Therefore, businesses are more impacted by the reviews of influential users than the reviews from less influential ones.
The modern Web has gradually evolved into a huge information repository with hidden knowledge, thanks to the unprecedented information explosion. To exploit the full potential and support unified representation of such knowledge, knowledge base (KB) construction has become an important research topic for both database and knowledge management communities. Despite the large scale of existing KBs, they are still far from being complete and accurate. The purpose of this paper is to propose GrandBase, a new approach for extracting actionable knowledge from Big Data, which can be used to solve the knowledge extraction problem. This paper proposes GrandBase, a knowledge base (KB) that generates actionable knowledge from Big Data. The proposed KB is based on the Resource Description Framework (RDF) triples, which the authors refer to as {subject, predicate, object, object}. The authors propose GrandBase as a knowledge extraction and truth discovery platform for Big Data, which is capable of extracting machine-readable and interpretable information from large-scale, possibly conflicting, and different-structured data sources. The results show that GrandBase is able to extract actionable knowledge from large-scale, conflicting, and different-structured data sources. The results also show that the proposed approach can be applied to a wide variety of data sources, such as Web texts, documents, images and human-annotated pages, and can be used to obtain machine-readable and interpretable knowledge. This paper proposes a novel approach to generate actionable knowledge from Big Data, which can be used to improve the coverage and accuracy of existing KBs and tackle the truth discovery problem. In particular, the proposed approach is able to obtain machine-readable and interpretable knowledge in terms of entities and relations and entity-level linkage for the Web of data, which holds the potential to improve human lives.
Grey relational analysis (GRA) is a multi-attribute decision-making (MADM) tool that provides a single measure of performance for each alternative with respect to a set of incommensurate attributes. Nevertheless, the traditional GRA is only limited to the situations with a single level of attributes, which might not entirely satisfy the need for increasingly complex MADM problems. The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated GRA approach using data envelopment analysis (DEA) and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA. The authors use both DEA and AHP in hierarchy GRA. DEA is an objective data-oriented approach that allows each alternative (known as a decision-making unit in the DEA terminology) to choose its own favorable system of weights to optimize its relative performance. However, the subjective process of producing weights in AHP may not result in the best ranking position for each alternative in comparison to all the other alternatives. To overcome this issue, the authors integrate the two variants of DEA models in GRA, namely, additive DEA and analytic hierarchy process (AHP). The proposed approach is a step forward to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA by extracting the benefits from both the objective and subjective weighting methods. In many MADM cases, it makes sense to group attributes hierarchically, while different weights may be assigned to different attributes and their own categories to reflect their relative priorities. The proposed approach in this research is a step forward to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA by extracting the benefits from both the objective and subjective weighting methods. It provides more reasonable and encompassing results for ranking alternatives in GRA.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the size-dependent behavior of nano-beams under torsion by an innovative stress-driven nonlocal elastic model. The new stress-driven integral constitutive model is formulated according to the new nonlocal continuum mechanics. Size-effects are computed for cantilever and doubly clamped nano-beams under uniform distributions of torsional couples per unit length. The proposed nonlocal strategy has been illustrated with reference to nano-cantilever and doubly clamped nano-beams subjected to a uniform distribution of torsional couples per unit length. The stress-driven model provides an elastic stiffness increasing elastic stiffness with the nonlocal parameter l. Size-effects are computed for cantilever nano- beams under uniform distributions of couples. Unlike the Eringen strain-driven nonlocal integral elastic model which cannot be applied to nano-structures of technical interest, the stress-driven theory is mathematically consistent and useful for nano-electromechanical system applications.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of local instability on fire response of steel beams under different loading configurations and web slenderness. The effect of shear parameters on fire behavior of beams was not considered. In this paper, a three-dimensional nonlinear finite element model is developed to predict fire response of hot-rolled W-shaped beams and girders subjected to significant bending moment and shear force. The model was validated against test data on beams and then the model was applied to examine the influence of shear on fire response under different loading configurations and web slenderness. A numerical study is carried out using a numerical model. The developed finite element model is capable of predicting fire response of steel beams where flexural or shear effects dominate the behavior of beams. In a fire-exposed steel beam, sectional instabilities can occur in web due to shear parameters prior to that in flange due to flexural parameters under certain loading and sectional configurations, and in fire- Exposed steel beams with higher slender webs, shear capacity can degrade at a higher pace than that of moment capacity. In such beams, failure can occur at shear limit state rather than flexural limit state. The developed finite element model is capable of predicting fire response of steel beams where flexural or shear effects dominate the behavior of beams. In a fire-exposed steel beam, sectional instabilities can occur in web due to shear parameters prior to that in flange due to flexural parameters under certain loading and sectional configurations, and in fire- Exposed steel beams with higher slender webs, shear capacity can degrade at a higher pace than that of moment capacity. In such beams, failure can occur at shear limit state rather than flexural limit state.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the provision of collective goods by multinational enterprises (MNEs) in emerging markets through the lenses of ordering systems, non-contractual exchanges, internalization and reciprocity theory. The paper is based on a literature review of international-business research on the provision of collective goods by MNEs in emerging markets. The authors find that private-ordering systems and non-contractual reciprocity are the preferred governance modes for the provision of collective goods by MNEs in emerging markets. Moreover, the choice of these modes is affected by the exchange and institutional factors affecting the choice among them. The study has extended the application of these concepts and theories to: collective goods beyond only private ones; relationships between market and nonmarket actors instead of only between economic ones; private and state ordering systems beyond the public-ordering one whose presence or absence has dominated prior international business research; and the governance mode of non-contractual reciprocity available to complement market contracting, alliance and hierarchy - particularly, when dealing with non-market actors. These extensions have helped us unite the provision of collective goods to that of intermediate "collective goods". Besides, the highlighting of ordering systems has enriched the study of "institutional environments".
Although it is arguably the most corrupt continent on the planet, corruption in Africa has been largely neglected by geographers. The purpose of this paper is to fill this void; its aim is to disclose the uneven geography of corruption there and the causes of differences in the level of severity found among its various countries. The paper uses data from Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) and the World Bank's World Development Indicators (WDI) to examine the spatial nature of corruption on the African continent and the causes of differences in its level of severity. The paper reveals the uneven spatial nature of corruption in Africa, its cultural and institutional embeddedness and the uncertain role of anti-corruption campaigns. The prevalence and severity of African corruption reflect several enabling forces, including poverty and illiteracy, patrimonial cultures, a high degree of dependence on natural resource exports, poorly developed civil societies and the lack of an independent media that could expose corrupt practices. Corruption is, unfortunately, a pronounced feature on the African political and economic landscape. Many of the world's most corrupt governments are found in Africa. This is the first study to examine the spatiality of corruption in Africa. It reveals the uneven nature of corruption, its cultural and institutional embeddedness, and the uncertain role of anti-corruption campaigns in combatting corruption.
The purpose of this paper is to explore management action to reduce carbon emissions caused mainly by air travel by employees in a global management company. The research question is: can management and accounting practices decrease an organisation's environmental impacts? The paper aims to discuss these issues. The paper takes a case study approach to explore management action to reduce the carbon emissions associated with air travel by employees, outlining how managerial practices inside the organisation affect the organisation's environmental impact and how an organisation may enable change. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with senior managers and analysis of company documents. The study finds that the organisation's stated aim to reduce voluntary air travel was not met. Although the company developed a strategy for managing and accounting for carbon emission reduction using incentives for voluntary emission reduction, travel activity by the most frequent travellers within the organisation did not change, and the planned reductions were not achieved. The reason stated by Beta for the failure to meet its target was that there was an increase in workload. However, the interviews suggest that employees did not become sufficiently involved in the actions. This paper provides a case study approach to explore management action to reduce the carbon emissions associated with air travel by employees, outlining how managerial practices inside the organisation affect the organisation's environmental impact and how an organisation may enable change. It also provides policy implications, in terms of risks and opportunities.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the current state of corporate sustainability in the coffee industry in Mexico and to identify strategies to foster corporate sustainability. The paper also aims to identify the most effective strategies to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the industry. This study uses a case study approach. Data were collected from the coffee industry's supply chains and analyzed using life cycle assessment (LCA) and product carbon footprinting methods. The results of this study show that the coffee industry in Mexico has a high level of energy consumption and GHG emissions. The energy consumption of coffee is highest in the roasting and processing stages, followed by the production of the final product. In addition, the energy consumption is highest during the coffee roasting process. The coffee industry is also the most energy-intensive in the world. This study is one of the first studies to analyze the energy consumption and GHG emissions of the coffee industry in Mexico. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other coffee-producing countries in their efforts to transition to a low-carbon coffee industry.
The purpose of this paper is to explore why firms do not change from their existing costing system to a more advanced costing technique, namely, activity-based costing (ABC). Specifically, this paper explores reasons why adoption of ABC did not increase. A survey of Irish firms was conducted to identify reasons for non-adoption of ABC. The survey was sent to a random sample of 1,000 Irish firms. The responses were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis. The findings indicate that ABC adoption rates by Irish firms are low, particularly when compared to the findings of previous research of a similar nature and context (Pierce and Brown, 2004). This is despite respondents in general not noting technical or knowledge issues as a reason for non-adoption. It would seem that many respondent firms are satisfied with more traditional costing methods and have been for many years. These methods would appear to be quite resistant to change, even in the event of economic shocks and/or increasing availability of IT. This is the first study to explore the reasons for non-adoption of ABC by Irish firms. The findings of this study are of value to both academics and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address societal disruptions. Societal disruptions - of the magnitude triggered by the agricultural, industrial and information revolutions - pose challenges that are much greater and different in kind than the industry-wide disruptions that businesses have learned to manage. This paper is based on the authors' extensive research on societal disruptions and their attributes. The authors offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address such societal disruptions. Societal disruptions create a host of "wicked problems" - resulting from changed economic systems, transformed political processes, revolutionary technologies, altered policies and regulations, shifting mores and a modified understanding of personal success and what constitutes a good life. The keys are that firms need to develop a sense of identity that transcends these disruptions, using planning techniques that can cope with wicked problems, and develop platform organizations to formulate and implement effective strategic responses. The authors offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address such societal disruptions. The keys are that firms need to develop a sense of identity that transcends these disruptions, using planning techniques that can cope with wicked problems, and develop platform organizations to formulate and implement effective strategic responses. In a more tangible sense, we can already see firms begin to take these steps to address potential disruptions in arenas such as health care and information technology.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the knowledge and practice gap in accounting education and propose an alternative teaching method to align accounting education to meet the need of a practical world. This paper would assist accounting instructors and educators to develop and implement experiential and practical accounting module. Universities are expected to continuously improve and respond to critical thinking skills. A survey was conducted to collect data from accounting students and professional accountants in Sri Lanka. Frequency statistics were performed to examine the demographic factors of the respondents. Group differences and ranking statistical tests were used to identify the preferred generic and technical skills. The findings of this study indicate that there is a gap between practice and theory in accounting education and it is not a recent phenomenon and the gap is widening. Traditional accounting education often emphasises on job completion, memorization and straight-forward answers that are descriptive nature of learning. Current dynamic business environment requires deep learning where students should be able to conceptualise new ideas and strategies by using the existing knowledge. Solely pursuing theory-based accounting education can produce students without social representativeness of accounting practice. The proposed model in this study elaborates how to incorporate practical training and advanced soft skills at an early academic stage. The proposed model would act as a guide to regulators and practitioners to develop and implement more practical accounting education compared to traditional classroom teaching.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of e-banking service quality on e-loyalty in pandemic times through the interplay of service quality and e-satisfaction. The study also examines the mediating role of the service quality in the relationship between e- Satisfaction and E-Loyalty. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 300 respondents. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data. The results of the study revealed that e-banking service quality has a significant impact on e-satisfaction and e-loyalty. The results also revealed that the mediating role of e- satisfaction between e-service quality and E-l Loyalty has been found to be significant. This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of e-banking service quality on e-loyalty in the context of COVID-19. The findings of this study will help banks to understand the importance of service quality and e-satisfaction in the banking sector during pandemic times.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the critical success factors of partnerships among professional service firms (PSFs) from an emerging market perspective. The study aims to examine the relationship between partnership success antecedents and partnership outcomes. The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from PSF owners/managers in Ghana. The sample consisted of PSFs operating in the financial services industry. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results of the study revealed that the critical success factors of partnerships among PSFs in the emerging market context are as follows. First, the study found that partnership success antecedents (i.e. partnership commitment, partnership culture, partnership management and partnership performance) are positively related to partnership success. Second, partnership success factors are positively associated with partnership performance. Third, partnership performance mediates the relationship between partnership success and firm size. Fourth, the relationship is positively moderated by partnership performance and partnership management. Fifth, the impact of partnership performance on firm size on partnership success is positive and significant. This is the first study to investigate the critical success factors of partnerships from an emerging market perspective. The results of this study will improve our understanding of factors critical to the success of partnerships among PSFs. The outcome will undergird knowledge on the modern partnership formation literature; at least for SMEs. The contradictory results from previous studies could be resolved.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the role of strategic management for effective employee engagement and skill development of employees in start-ups. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of start-ups in Karnataka, India. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0. The overall results of the study showed start-ups strategic management practices are effective. However, from the perspective of human resource management, skill development is a critical factor for the growth of start-up. The study results show that start- up need to develop clarity in vision and mission statement from the perspectives of employee engagement and skill development. The present study provides directions on strategic management from the perspective of employees in a startup. The study results show that start-ups need to develop clarity in vision and mission statement and develop techniques and tools for employee engagement and skill development in line with employee's expectations.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the performance of the health insurance sector in India and its contribution to the overall insurance market in India. The study is based on secondary data from the annual reports of health insurance companies in India for the period of 1990-2012. The data are analyzed using descriptive statistics such as Tobin's Q, return on assets and return on equity (ROA). The results of the study show that the health insurance industry in India has been losing money for the past few years. The industry has been suffering from low penetration and negative consumer perception about its utility, which is affecting the prospect of this industry. Mired by low penetration, low penetration of health insurance in India is affecting its performance. This study is the first of its kind in the Indian context. It will help the insurance companies to understand their performance and the quantum of losses that this sector is making over the years. This study will also help the regulators to understand the current status of health insurance in India.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between benefits of scheme (BoS) and job satisfaction in the context of handloom weaving industry in Ethiopia. The paper aims to examine the effect of BoS on job satisfaction. Data were collected from the weavers of handloom weaving industry using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The results of the study confirm the existence of relationship between BoS and job satisfaction in the current context of handloom weaving industry. The results also indicate that BoS has a positive and significant effect on job satisfaction. This study is the first of its kind in Ethiopia to explore the relationship between BoS and job satisfaction in the context of handloom weaving industry.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of psychological entitlement and perceived organizational justice on cyberloafing or spending work time using the internet at work. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of a telecommunications company in Turkey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM). The results of this study indicated that psychological entitlement has a negative impact on cyberloafing. In addition, perceived organizational justice partially mediates the relationship between psychological entitlement and cyber Loafing through the mediating role of organizational justice. Despite the ever-growing importance of the internet and social media and their effects on the quality of individuals' working environment, conducting few investigations in this domain due to the high speed of changes was considered as a research gap. This study was an attempt to evaluate the impact of psychological entitlement on cyberloafing through the mediating role of perceived organizational justice.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world. This is a case study based on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The inspiration to write this case study has thus, been derived from the Foundation Day Lecture, 2018 in XIMB. This case study focuses on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world. With holacracy governance coming into workplaces and people resorting to remote workplaces and working from homes during COVID-2019, empathetic employers are needed. At times when volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity are rising, employees today watch out for a leader with whom they can connect more. Value-based approach provides that connection. Without physical presence at offices and workplace areas, it is this VBL which gives the "real" experience to employees via virtual means. This case study is unique in that it focuses on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world.
The purpose of this paper is to present the story of CERA India, a leading ceramic kitchenware company in India, which has gone through a financial crisis in the year 2019-2020. The paper aims to illustrate how the company has come out of the crisis and is now omnidextrous to sustain in a situation of crisis. This paper is based on a case study of CERA India, which is a leading ceramic kitchenware company in India. The case study is descriptive in nature, as it is a real-life story. CERA could turn around because they listened to their workmen, who showcased their talent, suggesting use of anti-microbial natural dyes and colours for new products and its subsequent use in their core products, i.e. ceramic-based kitchenware; this story also illustrates how bonding with workers, organizations can sustain in a situation of crisis! also, the story illustrates the example of inclusive technology, which provides a win-win solution for all stakeholders; students also learn the example for corporate restructuring without facing problem; overall, this story explains how organizations can develop their coping strategies to sustain in an environment of crisis. Finally, this paper introduces a new concept of omnidexterity or omnidextrous organization, indicating all four (upper and lower) limbs of organizations to sustain. This paper introduces a new concept of omnidexterity or omnidextrous organization, indicating all four (upper and lower) limbs of organizations to sustain in crisis; and this corporate story also illustrates the example of organizational resiliency, as rather than taking a defensive approach, in this case, the company-initiated actions that could provide positive results.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the financial performance of General Insurance Re (GIC Re), the sole domestic reinsurance company in India, using performance ratios (PRs), internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model. The present study utilises a set of varied standard tools and techniques, namely, internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model, among others, to analyse and forecast GIC Re's financial performance. The findings of this study bring to light that financial performance of GIC Re is somewhat satisfactory over a few considerable areas. However, no notable degree of uniformity has been observed amongst the varied financial performance indicators, namely, PR, ER, ROA, RRR and CR of Gic Re. The results also reveal that GIC RE is lacking ability of growing internally. Moreover, there remains a significant possibility of G IC Re going into financial distress in the near future. This study adds a couple of novelties to the existing literature. First, this study is one of the first empirical researches in India that examines the financial performance of GIC Re from different perspectives. Second, the present study utilizes a set of varied standard tools and techniques, namely, internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model, among others, to analyse and forecast GIC re's financial performance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the problematic public policies and the leadership challenge for socio-economic transformation in South Africa. Recent historical facts reveal that South Africa has enjoyed a good spell of political stability (arguably), free from armed conflicts and relatively peaceful with little disruptions to economic growth and development since the advent of democracy over three decades ago. Despite the apparent political stability, the economic performance has not been at its best to enable a quick turnaround of the apartheid inflicted damage and legacy to the society to date. The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of public policy and research. The paper finds that the lack of a strong leadership produces effects on economic growth and development in South Africa. The economic outlook of the South Africa presents two scenarios leading to mixed feelings. On the one hand, there is recognition of efforts that are being made to change the course of history and the negative trends attached to the reform process along the years, while on the other hand, the economic outlook outlines and points to little impact of such efforts on the ground. This means that not much is happening in terms of improving the socio-economic conditions and lives of ordinary citizens, hence the need to engage seriously in search for an adequate and appropriate response. The paper provides an insight into the problematic public policies and the leadership challenge for socio-economic transformation in South Africa. The paper is original in the sense that it is the first of its kind in the South African context.
