A case study of a postgraduate (PhD) investigation into the nature of sketch inhibition among undergraduates within design higher education is presented as a critical review of grounded theory (GT) as a research approach and methodological framework.
The study uses panel data for the period 2000-2017. The panel data are based on the World Development Indicators (WDI) and total factor roductivity (TFP) model. Furthermore, the study uses a fixed-effects panel data regression model.
The paper is based on a literature review of the Iranian policy in the Middle East (ME) and its consequences on Egypt. The Iranian policy has been analyzed in the light of the historical development of the relationship between the two countries, the historical rivalry between them and the political and social transformations that occurred in the region.
In this study, a double seasonal autoregressive integrated moving average (DSARIMA) model is used to study the Egyptian hourly residential natural gas consumption series. Furthermore, the generalized autoregression conditional heteroskedasticity (GARCH) model may be also used to capture the conditional volatility heteroskyasticity observed in the series. Different orders of DSARIMa-GARCH models are estimated using maximum likelihood method.
The paper is based on a qualitative case study of a cultural industry in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants in the industry. The data were analyzed using a grounded theory approach.
This study uses a combination of deductive and inductive methods, using both survey data (n = 50) and anecdotal data (N = 56 interviews) collected on-site at the annual conference of one open source EMR community.
The study adopted a qualitative research design, using semi-structured interviews as the primary method of data collection. The data were analyzed using a thematic analysis of the transcripts.
This study is based on a quantitative approach and the data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to domestic potential visitors to the GEM. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) technique.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the youngsters in Malaysia. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM).
The study uses a quantitative approach, where the social responsibility disclosure index of public and private universities in Egypt is used to compare the disclosure level of public universities on social responsibility activities vs private universities. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and correlation analysis.
The study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the citizens of Kuwait. The sample consisted of 1,000 questionnaires, which were sent to the population of the State of Kuwait in the period after 2010.
Based on the previous context, the study is going to present some of relevant literatures on the topic of institutional performance assessment on many levels, for the purpose of developing a proposed model for measuring administrative performance, applying on governmental sector organizations, taking into consideration the dimension of expressing the proposed model quantitatively, through statistical and mathematical formulas. The main question of the study represents in how to formulate some quantitative model for assessing Institutional performance of public governmental organizations using a number of developed key performance indicators (KPIs), including three different proposed levels of institutional performances (individual + sub units + organization in total).
The researcher used network analysis methodology in addition to database management using SQL language codes, and an algorithm to calculate similarity and generate network data from regular incidents' data. The researcher developed a C# computer software to extract data from SQL database, and applied the proposed algorithm.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 respondents in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the research model.
This paper presents a comparison between contraceptive discontinuation rates in 2000, 2008 and 2014, discusses the reasons for discontinuation by methods and background characteristics of women, and Calculates the impact of eliminating discontinuation for reasons related to method and service provision on fertility.
Based on the Islamic jurisprudence of priorities, the authors developed a set of heuristics for the prioritization of research agendas based on the principles of Shari'ah. The authors then applied these heuristic principles to the current state of research prioritization in management research.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression. In the same line, generalized linear models (GLMs) can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models).
This research adopts a new agent-based experimental model, called Revolutionary Crowd Model (RCM), which avoids a number of the concerns about crowd simulation. The model is used to assess the impact of different adaptive media strategies on initiating and maintaining crowds. The experiments investigate the pattern and dynamics of the crowd under controlled broadcast strategies that adaptively change the media intensity according to the crowd status and the budget allocated.
This paper uses the new data set on financial sector development indexes introduced by Svirydzenka (2016) to investigate the association between financial development and economic growth in Egypt between 1980 and 2016. The empirical results are based on bivariate regressions for real growth per capita with the measure for financial development that is broadly used in the literature (M2/GDP).
In this paper, the authors review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and they draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. The purpose is not to give technical details and also not to refer to all the existing techniques or to all possible areas of statistics. The authors focus mainly on the applied aspect of the techniques and they give insights about techniques that can be used to answer problems in the abovementioned areas of research.
A qualitative approach was used to investigate the underlying factors behind energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours of urban and rural consumers in Egypt. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with 20 urban and 20 rural consumers. The data were analysed using thematic analysis.
A cross-sectional survey was conducted in the state of Karnataka (India) in the year 2015-2016. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from the mothers of the first birth of the child, first order of birth and mother of two or less children. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and logistic regression.
Based on the meta-network concept, dynamic network analysis (DNA) has been used to represent the Syrian crisis as a time series of metanetworks, and it has been applied to identify the key actors in the Syrian Crisis.
This paper provides a framework for the analysis of sustainable market competitiveness factors of the nation brand. This framework is based on a review of the literature on sustainable tourism factors such as culture, heritage, environmental, as well as an integration of internal and external stakeholder groups from the public and private sectors.
- The paper is based on a critical analysis of the epistemological and critical concerns of contemporary Islamic philosophy. The analysis is carried out by means of an extensive review of the literature on the subject.
The research model was tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) using partial least squares (PLS) approach. The data were collected from a sample of 201 subject-matter-experts (SMEs) working in the international modular jewellery market in Egypt.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on deterrence in the bipolar and unipolar international systems. Then, it briefly describes the emergence of deterrence as a prominent theory against VNSAs. Next, it outlines a number of predicaments that undermine this pattern of deterrence. Later, it concludes that the key conditions of the theory do not apply to V NSAs. Finally, it rephrases the assumptions of the Theory towards a broader definition and theorizes certain approaches for deterring VNS as.
The present work forms a part of a big project aiming to introduce a proposal for education enhancement in Egypt, using modeling approach. First, for "assessment of the Egyptian's educational policy," there are three subsections assessing the educational policy during different periods. The outlines of the educational strategy of 2014-2030 and statistics of 2017 will be presented and analyzed. Then, vulnerability factors that negatively impact the development of education in Egypt are assessed. Finally, a novel future-oriented proposal for the context, ethos and reforming aspects of educational policy is presented.
An exploratory, qualitative approach was adopted and the following research question (RQ) was developed to focus the study methodology: "What are the challenges associated with the medicines delivery process within the downstream domain of the PSC in the UK and Greece?"
This paper is based on a review of the literature on renewable energy in international business (IB) and the authors' own experience as researchers and practitioners.
This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics to identify optimal supply chain efforts to address current shortages.
This research uses a cost-benefit analysis to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver.
The authors develop a simulation framework with an integrated integer programming optimization model for the sustainment of an infantry BCT (IBCT). The authors introduce a realistic IBCT combat scenario and present computational results.
This paper introduces a novel subtour elimination methodology, dubbed the greedy tracker (GT), for the edge-greedy heuristic and compares it to two known subtour eliminating methodologies, namely, the EL and Bentley's multiple-fragment (MF) heuristic. The comparison uses both directional and non-directional variants of each code on 14 symmetric TSP instances and the directional variants on 9 asymmetric instances. Computational results were generated across multiple instances for each method.
This paper is based on a literature review and a case study of defence SCs in the UK. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with senior managers from the UK Defence Department, defence procurement agencies and defence logistics organisations.
The genesis of this manuscript comes from the 2018 Academic Research Symposium at the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals Conference, held on September 30, 2018, in Nashville, TN. During the conference, a panel session was held, titled "Research Streams in Defense Logistics." The panelists (Amanda Bresler, Ben Hazen, Keith Snider and Taylor Wilkerson) come from a diverse background of military logistics research experience and expertise, as highlighted from the answers to the first question and summarized in their bios.
This paper is based on a case study of the 448th Supply Chain Management Wing (448 SCMW) at Tinker Air Force Base, OK. The 448 SCMW manages a 115,000-item portfolio of depot-level repairable (DLR) spare parts with an inventory valued at $51.9bn. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and document analysis.
The authors conducted a comprehensive review of the literature on NEOs in South Korea and developed a comprehensive evacuation plan for the evacuation of US citizens, Department of Defense (DoD) civilians and pre-designated host nation (HN) or third-country nationals (TCN) to a separate safe haven. The authors also conducted a series of interviews with DoD personnel involved in the planning of NEOs to gain a deeper understanding of the complexity of the evacuation process and the challenges faced by the DoD in conducting such operations.
The paper uses a linear regression analysis to examine the impact of SDRs on aircraft readiness metrics.
This study compares classic linear programming solutions to the Gale-Shapley (GS) stable marriage algorithm (SMA) solutions as applied to instances of the APAMP. In particular, the research investigates the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using an SMA approach for APAMP instances. This type of comparison is lacking in current research but is actually a critical component to consider when using SMA for assignment processing.
The methods used include mathematical programming, specifically a mixed integer program (MIP) to optimize daily nodal capacities to meet distribution requirements, as well as a heuristic algorithm to provide near-optimal solutions for large instances of the MNCP, which would be computationally inefficient to solve using the MIP. The MIP and heuristic solutions are compared for a relatively large problem indicative of problems encountered by analysts at the USTRANSCOM.
This paper presents a mathematical model to assess the efficacy of various logistical options based on the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number-of-stations set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area.
Surface roughness was measured at 2, 5, 5 and 10 MHz. The surface roughness of the samples was measured using the surface orientation of the surfaces. The ultrasonic UT was performed at 2.25, 5.25 and 10.25 MHz to determine the extent to which surface finish causes a measurable difference in flaw detection.
This is a conceptual paper based on the author's experience as a member of the US Air Force's Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) for the past 20 years.
A Monte Carlo simulation was developed to predict the expected number of projectiles required for target destruction. This output was used to determine the probability of kill and an effective range of a given munition. Using these measures as inputs, a value-based analysis was conducted to compare the worthiness of the M982 Excalibur 1a-2, M795, M549A1, M981 1a -1 and M 982 1a a-2 as candidate solutions.
Based on the extant literature, a conceptual model was developed to characterize early supplier integration (ESI) activities and map those activities to project performance. Case study methodology was used to explore this model, based on the relatively nascent state of research in this area. The authors describe the case study sample, spanning 12 development projects performed by a major defense firm, and assess which ESI activities produced the most significant impact on project performance within the sample. These insights were further validated through interviews with both government acquisition officers, as well as suppliers involved in these projects.
The analysis is designed to identify trigger events and through regression analysis determine the drivers of NMCM. Additionally, key assumptions underlying interpretations of the aircraft availability (AA) metric are examined. From this, the intuition behind linkages in total active inventory (TAI) and AA is explored. Finally, aircraft utilization is examined to understand the operational impact of increasing available hours.
Two datasets were collected one year apart from 449 Logistics Readiness Officers (LROs) and 448 Aircraft Maintenance Officers (Mx Officers) to examine their perspectives across three workforce levels as recommended by Autry and Daugherty (2003) and Williams et al. (2011). The jobs performed by LROs vary greatly and typify a wide array of functions performed by civilian logistics managers. Mx Officers perform distinct functions that also have civilian counterparts (aircraft production, aircraft maintenance, material ordering, scheduling, etc.).
A heuristic is developed to solve large instances of the MRVP, which considers three components: topology of roads and railways representing the possible theater distribution routes; a time-phased force deployment and data describing the military cargo flow requirements from ports of debarkation (PODs) to destinations, otherwise known as tactical assembly areas (TAAs); and intelligence estimates of enemy threats capable of interdicting the network. The methods used in this paper are rooted in eighteenth-century graph theory concepts.
The study is based on a single case study. Data are collected through semi-structured interviews and review of organizational documents. The case study is about the relationship between a customer and a service provider with an aim to develop in-depth understanding and build on existing theory regarding the risk attitudes and the management of risk in PBC.
This study uses historical data from the World Bank's World Development Indicators (WDI) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to identify countries that experienced an increase in violent or nonviolent protests in 2011, the first year of the Arab Spring. This data is used to analyze the causes of these protests.
A data-driven approach is used to develop a statistical model to predict a location's ability to meet staffing requirements for a USAR Troop Program Unit (TPU) based on market demographics. The model estimates the probability that a TPU will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements.
The current system of SCL retrieval can be modeled as a parallel machine-scheduling (PMS) problem and can benefit from heuristics already defined in current literature. An alternate system, where the ammunition company focuses on processing magazines, has the potential of significantly reducing the makespan of the S CL retrieval process if sufficient magazines store SCL for multiple customers.
This research uses a case study approach to identify factors that significantly contribute to the stability of the cost performance index (CPI) of environmental remediation projects. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with project managers and project participants.
This research uses a mixed-methods approach. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the DoD-backed innovation programs and their impact on the military. Second, a survey was administered to the participants in these programs to determine their experience in the defense sector in the years following program completion. Finally, a series of semi-structured interviews were conducted with participants to determine if and how their capabilities are leveraged by the military at large. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a qualitative content analysis approach.
This study uses a quantitative approach to estimate the number of force packages needed to sustain a deployed force package, while maintaining predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. Data were collected from the US Department of Defense (SecDef) Special Operations Command (SOF) and the Department of the Army (DA) to determine the D2D ratios of members of SOF and the supply-based force sustainment requirements.
This paper presents an empirical-based method for determining the amount of ECP withhold that should be set aside for DoD contracts. The methodology is based on historical data from the Department of Defense (DoD) Selected Acquisition Report (SAR) for the period from 2001 to 2016. The data were analyzed using logistic regression and logistic regressions to determine the likelihood of a DoD contract incurring an ECP.
The authors use the Air Force Total Ownership Cost (AFTOC) database, which collects expenditures on the O&S costs of DoD platforms, to develop a parametric model. The authors also use the results of the stability analysis as an explanatory variable. Finally, the authors develop a regression model to predict median O & S costs.
Structural equation modeling is applied to data from a focus sample of managers of German defense suppliers to test the relevance of various constructs of preferential customer treatment.
The authors use discrete event simulation to analyze the effect of system dynamics and structure on the accuracy of the performance appraisal system using the US Army's Officer Evaluation Reporting System. The system is modeled as a series of discrete event simulations that simulate the job turnover of US Army officers.
A total of eight aircraft load planning techniques were identified and evaluated to determine which, if any, may offer significant opportunities for load planners to maximize the use of aircraft cargo space and ultimately save taxpayer money. Data were collected from 159 US military airlift sorties over a two-year period to determine the utilization rates of each of these techniques.
This paper uses a case study approach to demonstrate how analytics can be used to inform category management and strategic sourcing. The case study is based on data collected from the US federal government's Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Office of Federal Procurement Policy.
The ILS-S application was transformed from a program assembler language (PAL)-based software application running on a proprietary platform to a modernized Java-based software platform running on an open platform. A preliminary step on the path to success was the isolation of the SBSS COBOL software from all direct user interfaces and all external system communications. Once that isolation was accomplished, the COBol code was converted to Java and in place of the legacy legacy COB OL software. The Air Force's successful modernization of the ILS/S application immediately reduced the annual operating cost of the system by $21.3M - a savings that the Air Force was able to use to pay for the modernization effort.
The authors propose a new empirically based model for determining median will-cost estimates in DoD acquisition programs. The model is based on data collected from the Acquisition Category (ACAT) I, II and III acquisition programs over a period of ten years. The authors use the acquisition program termination point ( IOC) as a definition of the IOC.
A modified version of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) (Grant and Berg, 1948) was adapted for the military context. A total of 128 active duty US Army officers completed the modified WCST. Cluster analysis by non-perseverative error rate was used to analyze the variance in cognitive flexibility performance regarding set switching and set maintenance.
This study uses a mixed-methods approach to examine the effects of LPTA and TO source selection methods on procurement outcomes. Data were collected from a sample of US Department of Defense (DoD) acquisition officials and contractors.
The authors analyze data from both recruiting organizations and open sources for the period Fiscal Year (FY) 2010-2014. The authors take advantage of open source data at the county level and map this county-level data to each ZIP code-based recruiting market boundary. To complete this mapping, the authors introduce a way to compress data from over 3,000 counties and 42,000 ZIP Codes into 38 markets. They then apply principal components analysis (PCA) and mixed stepwise regression to the re-mapped data to develop adequate models for each recruiting market and contract type. The application of PCA represents a significant contribution to the level of statistical rigor in the model development methodology over previous efforts.
The authors conduct a systematic review of the empirical literature on the impact of FinTech on household finance. The authors focus on the effects of digitalization of payments, lending and portfolio investments in different countries.
The authors empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation based on an unbalanced panel data for 145 banks in China over the period 1997-2015. The econometric model specification is based on the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach.
To this end, the study uses twenty-three years' monthly time series data ranging from 1995:M7 to 2018:M6. The univariate GARCH models are employed to estimate the conditional volatilities of the stock market return and macroeconomic variables. Once the conditionalvolatilities are estimated, the authors further estimate the residual stability test of stock market returns for both China and USA (see Appendix 1). The study also incorporates the impact of Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 and the global crisis of 2007-2008.
- The paper employs the univariate sorting portfolio and the panel regressions to assess the accrual-cash saving relationship. In the panel regression, the authors construct the measure of DAs as previous five-year average to investigate the association of DA with the change in cash. The authors then distinguish the two hypotheses by examining their expected underlying cash value in DAs.
This research uses the Diebold and Yilmaz (2009, 2012) spillover index approach to measure the risk spillovers between selected CESEE (Central, Eastern and South-Eastern Europe) stock markets. The methodology is based on the generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (MGARCH) model, which allows observation of the shocks from innovations and their directions within the system. Moreover, dynamic spillovers are included by observing rolling windows estimation of the spillover indices.
Based on the background of the rapid development of the construction of transportation infrastructure in China in recent decades, this paper selects the opening of high-speed railways as a representative event and empirically examines its impact on the cost of corporate debt financing. A quasi-natural experiment is used to examine the impact of the shortening of the time distance between Beijing and Tianjin on the degree of information asymmetry.
A survey was conducted in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
The data have been collected from the employees of a large-scale manufacturing company in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
The authors performed several analyses with a hand-crafted and unique database containing 296 contracts (with an average term of 5 years) signed between 128 buyers and a major supplier of utility services in Brazil between 2013 and 2016. The primary sources from organization's internal micro data enable us to understand some organizational phenomena not easily observed by external actors.
This paper presents theoretical and practical discussions on conducting grounded theory on online contexts starting from crafting the research question, followed by the methods of online data gathering. Alternative consolidated methods for analyzing these new kinds of data are also presented.
The authors applied the envelope data analysis (DEA) methodology to measure the efficiency of the incubator and the survival of start-ups. In addition, the authors conducted a logistic regression analysis to determine the effect of incubator efficiency on the number of employments and spin-offs.
To test the impact of the mandatory dividend on business investment in a multi-country environment, the authors created an econometric model based on and adapted from the work of Fazzari et al. (1988) and McLean et al., (2012). The regression, with panel data, sought to show how different variables impact firms' investment, and more importantly, their sensitivity to cash flow and to growth opportunities (Tobin's Q).
Data were collected through a survey conducted in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling approach.
The authors used a panel data set of Brazilian publicly traded companies listed on the B3 (the Brazilian stock exchange) between 2002 and 2014. The authors analyzed the financial constraints faced by these companies and analyzed whether companies that contracted loans from the BNDES were able to invest more than companies that did not.
The study uses the Environmental Disclosure Index (EDI) to measure the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA. The EDI is based on the Environmental Performance Index (EPI) developed by Cho & Roberts (2010), which measures the level of environmental performance of companies in the USA and Brazil. In addition, the study uses a multinomial logit model to identify the variables that explain the environmental disclosure.
This study uses data related to campaign donations obtained from the Supreme Electoral Court for the period from 2010 to 2014, featuring firms listed on the Bovespa Stock Exchange for the presidential election. Two metrics were used to measure tax aggressiveness, in addition to control variables used to control for any biases in the proposed regression model.
The system of simultaneous equations is estimated with panel data and firm fixed effects, as proposed by Cornwell, Schmidt, and Wyhowski (1992), rather than a series of cross-sectional estimations. The authors also analyze the implications of the models developed by Acharya et al. (2007) and Almeida and Campello (2007).
This study uses a new methodology to typify and analyze the cooperatives' performance and organizational structure: their level of cooperative governance. It also explores the use of stochastic frontier models to evaluate how "cooperative governance" affects the efficiency of credit unions. The analyses highlight innovative analyses highlight information obtained from surveys conducted by the Central Bank of Brazil on Brazilian credit unions and on their annual reports taken from the Accounting of the National Financial System Institutions.
Two experiments were conducted to test the hypotheses. In Study 1, a 2x2 between-subjects factorial design was used to examine the effects of a positive facial expression of a conventionally attractive model in a static ad on emotional mimicry and product evaluation. In Studies 2 and 3, the authors tested the influence of product-gender congruence on product evaluations. The authors used the Duchenne effect as a theoretical framework to elaborate the hypothesis.
Data were collected from a sample of managers from the business area of a large Spanish bank. The sample consisted of 1,000 managers and their immediate supervisors. Data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling.
The study is based on a survey conducted in Brazil. The data were collected by means of a structured questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
Data were collected through a survey of 140 HR professionals from 140 Brazilian companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling.
To address the inconsistencies in previous research, the authors applied a meta-analytical review about the empirical findings on the EO-organizational performance relationship in the field. The authors also assessed potential mediating and moderating effects in this relationship. The meta-analysis was conducted on a sample of 1,845 firms from the USA.
A survey was conducted with a sample of 104 Brazilian franchisors: 32 franchises with overseas operations and 32 franchises without overseas operations. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
Based on the construction of a structural model that enables the identification of a structure of relationships between representative variables and efficiency, this study evaluates the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies based on data envelopment analysis (DEA).
Data were collected from the employees of Islamic banks in Indonesia. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The authors represented a social network based on the co-authorship relationships identified in the articles published in leading Brazilian journals on management and accounting evaluated by the coordination for the improvement of higher education personnel (CAPES), which is an agency of the Brazilian federal government responsible for evaluating the journals in which Brazilian researchers publish. The authors then estimated the probability of authors occupying prominent positions in the network by the weighted weighted centrality, eigenvector and closeness centralities.
Analyses were based on a sample of 429 Brazilian firms listed in B3 (formerly BM&FBovespa) between 1998 and 2007. The data were analyzed using a panel data regression model.
This study is based on the combined literature of climate change and EWE, disaster operations, media framing and risk perception. A content analysis of media coverage of EWE and related risk management activities in Brazil was conducted. The data were analyzed using a content analysis approach.
The study was carried out by means of a survey carried out in Brazilian publicly traded companies. The data were collected through a questionnaire distributed to the chief executive officers (CEOs) of these companies, and the board of directors of the companies. In order to verify the relationship between the board's characteristics and the CBEI, a structural equation modeling (SEM) approach was used.
A quasi-rational decision-making experiment was designed and conducted in a laboratory setting. Data were collected using a 2 (gender: male vs female) x 2 (advisor gender: male or female) between-subjects factorial design. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two conditions, in which the advisor's gender (male or female), was considered in advice taking.
A qualitative study was carried out, using in-depth interviews with managers from three Brazilian companies. The data were analyzed using inferential analysis.
The analysis is based on a panel data set of the Latin American economies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The data set was analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) method, which allows for the identification of the effects of foreign direct investment and industrial policy on the TFP.
An exploratory and qualitative investigation was conducted, starting from a brief literature review and then surveying experts' opinions through questionnaires (Delphi method and focus group).
A survey was conducted in the automobile industry. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
A case study was conducted on the hydroelectric power plant of Belo Monte (Belo Monte HPP) in Brazil, using critical discourse analysis (CDA) as an original method to examine how advocacy coalitions coordinate their actions in favor of the project.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the use of case studies as a research method and on the epistemology of the case study.
The paper is based on a conceptual analysis of embodied practice-based research as an alternative way to interpret qualitative data. The authors argue that the researcher's interpretative capacity drawing on perception, judgments, and affect is relevant to meaning making upon subjective organizational phenomena involved in a complex web of (inter and intra) actions.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on phenomenography and practice theory, and on the analysis of phenomenography's contribution to organizational studies.
This paper reviews the extant literature on QCA and the neo-configurational approach to analyze causal complexity, and provides a critical analysis of QCA's ability to capture altogether the three principles of causal complexity.
This paper is based on the understanding that many times, and without apparent explanation, the authors do not detail the procedures that should be used in conducting transcriptions. This gap is discussed in the context of qualitative research in the management field, which is characterized by a variety of specificities and characteristics.
The Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) method is proposed as a new approach for the construction of scales in the context of empirical research in management by using the Bayesian paradigm. The proposed method consists of three steps. First, the proposed method is used to reduce the dimensionality of the data. Then, it is applied to construct the scales. Finally, a case study is presented to demonstrate the application of the proposed BFAMD method.
The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of insider econometrics (IE).
The paper is based on a review of the literature on multilevel regression models for longitudinal data and on the application of these models in several fields of knowledge.
To achieve this goal, a prototype of a framework was built, starting from the literature review and interviews with experts to define the construct domain, the writing of each statement and its caveats, the empirical (statistical) validation using EFA and finally several practical suggestions with methodological comments on each topic.
This study drew from the applied microeconometric literature in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors applied both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences.
The method is based on a combination of before-after and treatment-control group comparisons, and it is a non-experimental approach to estimating the causal effects of a policy intervention when treatment assignment is non-random and there is no obvious control group.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on Network Analysis studies. It presents the historical evolution of Network Analysis, with emphasis on the major empirical and methodological breakthroughs that led to the emphasis on Social Capital. It also discusses the major criticism against the Network Analysis mainstream, while highlighting how the mainstream's responses addressed this criticism. Finally, it concludes with possible avenues of future developments for Network Analysis.
To do so, this research started by exploring the history behind Garfield's algorithm used by scholarly search engines. This was done with the objective of understanding the socio-cultural background based on which this algorithm was developed. The second step of this work involved identifying the most important parameters used by the algorithm and logically discussing their relevance. This allowed concluding that, while defensible on the past, the four main assumptions used by this algorithm are misplaced and significantly bias the development of science toward the perception of male scholars who are primarily affiliated to highly developed countries where English is the official language.
The study integrates the growing international accounting literature that examines the association between economic profit, measured by stock returns, and financial information, such as accounting profitability. From this perspective, a model with a long window of stock returns at the contemporary level and changes in the accounting variables was estimated.
To do so, the literature on DBM was analyzed through the latent semantic analysis (LSA) technique, complemented by content analysis, to obtain a more precise qualification and conceptualization regarding DBM.
Based on the literature review and the exploration of the qualitative exploration, a model was proposed containing antecedents and consequences of the adoption and use of mobile devices in the mobile emergency care service of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The model was tested using structural equation modeling (SEM).
A multiple case study was carried out in four supply chain dyads. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the managers of the companies involved in the supply chain. The data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis.
The authors propose the use of a credit-scoring model combined with a profit scoring model for loan-granting decisions, determining an acceptable credit risk without excessive loss of profitability. The model estimates default probability (DP) based on customers' past behavioral and demographic characteristics, and profit scoring models are used to predict the profitability of a client or a transaction.
Based on the hybrid governance literature on, and using indications provided by two stylized examples, prisons and defense, the authors build three testable propositions addressing under which conditions hybrids can effectively deliver adequate critical services. Drawing lessons from these examples, the last section discusses limitations that hybrid solutions face.
A questionnaire was drafted based on three consolidated scales in the literature, which measure job satisfaction, family satisfaction and the existence of an interrole conflict. There were 156 respondents, of whom 55 were excluded because their questionnaires were incomplete, which left 101 valid answers. Group analysis techniques and linear regression models were used to test the hypotheses.
In order to test the proposed hypotheses, data were collected from a sample of employees working in a Spanish manufacturing company. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The data were collected from the CSR reports of Brazilian public companies listed on the Brazilian Stock Exchange (Bovespa) for the years 2009-2011. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling approach.
A systematic and meta-analytic review was carried out. In total, 50 studies were included in the meta-analysis. The meta-analyst approach enables to extract conclusive observations about the investigated theme from the studies realized in various contexts.
The research is based on a cross-country comparison of the Brazilian automotive industry with the supply chain structure of South Korea and China. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the automotive industry in Brazil. The authors used a two-step approach: first, the authors conducted a factor analysis to identify the factors that differentiate the structure and management of the national supply chain from those of other countries, and second, they compared the results with those of two other countries that have stood out in the global automotive industry.
The authors first carried out a survey covering a sample of 880 Brazilian consumers who purchased goods from supermarkets on a weekly or biweekly basis; that is, they are consumers and decision-makers on what products to purchase from the supermarket's retail sector. From the sample survey, the authors could evaluate a model and analyze the aspects of greenwashing, as well as consumer's attitudes and beliefs. In this regard, the word "relationship" used in the hypotheses of this study can be understood as the influence of green products on consumer's buying behavior.
This paper is based on the authors' reflections on the role universities can play in the fight against corruption in the Caribbean.
The study adopted a qualitative approach, using six rich case studies. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with individuals involved in the use of ICT in nonprofit organizations. The data were analyzed using the theory of affordances.
The target population consisted of nearly 2,100 workers, being 905 faculty members, 1,054 technical-administrative staff and 134 outsourced employees from the Federal University of the State of Rio de Janeiro (UNIRIO). Of this total, 297 participated in the study (approximately 15 per cent of the total), being 115 faculty member, 86 technical- administration staff and 96 outsourced workers. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire.
A survey was conducted with a sample of managers from different organizations. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
The empirical investigation used data from the OECD (2016) study, which have also been used and made available in Garber and Koyama (2016). The data concern a final sample of 1,487 Brazilian citizens that are heterogeneous in terms of their actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge. To investigate whether the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors in the light of the financial literacy conceptual model at hand, the authors ran multi-group analyses whose conclusions, involving the identification of relevant inter-group differences, are this study's main contributions.
The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on HGFs and scale-ups in the Brazilian context. It integrates the literature at three levels: business environment, organization and individual.
This study is based on the competing value framework (CVF) developed by Cameron and Quinn (2006). The CVF was chosen because of the framework's ability to identify the type, congruence and force of an organizational culture, satisfying the objectives of this study. To answer the question posed (RQ1), the authors collected primary and secondary data. The primary data related to organizational culture while the secondary data focused on sustainability.
Grounded on a post-positivist position, the authors propose a quantitative approach, surveying 569 potential and intending entrepreneurs from a longitudinal sample of 22 years. The data were obtained by survey through questionnaire, from the registers of the ANJE database registers, considering all the entrepreneur candidates enrolled in entrepreneurship training courses promoted by the association itself or in partnership with other entities. The authors adopted a quantitative methodological approach using techniques of descriptive and inferential statistics.
A survey was conducted in the city of Santa Catarina, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
Based on an inductive analysis, the authors will investigate the importance of customizing products when a company decides to sell them in international markets. As a result of this reflection, the subject of interest of this research is the balance between customization and standardization of products in internationalized companies. The authors propose the following objectives: identify factors to be considered in the decision on product customization for a given country; identify the relative importance of these factors; and analyze how the importance differs between B2B and B2C products.
The study is based on a sample of CEOs from the Brazilian Stock Exchange (Brasilia Stock Exchange) for the period from 2000 to 2014. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Bovespa stock market. The sample was divided into two groups: CEOs with a long term of office and CEOs without a long period of office.
The research is based on a dyadic approach, using a survey of buyers and suppliers in the automotive sector supply chain. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
A conceptualization of green HRM is provided, followed by an overview of recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally-sustainable organizations. Finally, a research agenda for future studies on green human resource management is suggested.
In Study 1, a 2 (congruence between celebrity and endorser) x 2 (exposure level) between-subjects factorial design was used. In Study 2, a 3 (brand, congruence, charisma and overexposure) x 3 (expert exposure) between subjects factorial was used to test the effectiveness of the celebrity endorsement effect in a context where an aspiring new celebrity is being endorsed. In addition, in Study 3, an experimental design was conducted to verify the effect of the endorsement on the spectators' attitudes and intentions.
The authors collect data on 672 firms listed in the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange (Bovespa) between 1986 and 2011, making up a total of 30,134 observations. The authors document several changes in the tax legislation of dividends over the sample period and test their effect on dividend payments using probit and Tobit regression analysis.
This study used a panel data set covering the period from January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2007. The data were analyzed by means of regression analysis. The explanatory power of the B/M ratio and the ROE on Brazilian stock returns were analyzed using the Fama and French (1993) asset pricing model (CAPM).
A bibliographical and field survey was carried out with 78 respondents to a questionnaire posted online, out of a total of 274 asset management companies. To analyze the data, the present paper uses Pearson's chi-square independence test, multiple regressions using ordinary least squares (OLS) and a probit model.
A survey was carried out among 228 civil servants working in five ministries and one federal agency. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses of the study.
The authors use a panel data set of the G-20 countries for the period from 2000 to 2015. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to test the hypothesis that the quality of the national institutional environment is a determinant of FDI flows.
This study is based on a longitudinal case study that examines sequential moves in all of the foreign markets in which the selected firm has operated. Data were collected through in-depth interviews with the firm's managers.
The research is based on a survey conducted among the graduates of stricto sensu graduate programs on administration at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA) between 1998 and 2012. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which included questions about competency, career and income.
A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the main methodological innovations of CRA. In addition, a typology of CRA was built to classify the processes associated with the method. Finally, the evolution of CRA's methodological development was tracked by analyzing its main historical patterns, turning points and turning points.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the subject of administration of justice in Brazil, as well as an analysis of the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration.
A choice experiment is a survey approach designed to elicit consumer preferences based on hypothetical markets. Respondents are required to choose between multiple public or private goods. This choice is expected to occur by trading of the individual attributes of the different goods available, and choosing the good (or alternative) that provides the most utility. This approach to consumer behavior was first developed by Lancaster (1966), who states that the utility from a good is not derived from the good itself, but from its individual attributes. From a series of observed choices, a researcher then tries to infer the latent utility function. Traditionally, McFadden's random utility approach is used to describe the utility gained from a certain alternative on the basis of the attributes, utility weights for each attribute and a random error term to make the estimation of the utility weights feasible. However, in recent years, a number of other models have been developed which avoid some of the restrictive assumptions like the independence of irrelevant alternatives (IIA) assumption or the preference homogeneity
Logit model was used to estimate the value of intangible benefits arising from the afforestation activities of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Korba, Madhya Pradesh, India. Logit model is a simple, flexible, nonmarket valuation method which was originally proposed by Ciriacy - Wantrup (1947) as a method for valuation of extra market benefits of nonmarket goods.
The measurement system of China's forestry marketization indicators is creatively constructed from three dimensions, including forestry factor marketization, forestry production marketization and forestry products marketization. Then, the statistical data from 1978 to 2016 are used to measure the status of forestry marketisation in China. In addition, the role of Forestry marketization in forestry economic growth is analyzed by constructing the Cobb-Douglas production function and establishing regression equations.
An ordered probit econometric estimation technique is used to predict the key driver intensities of forest depletion. The study employs a survey approach to collect primary data and employs the GIS technique to substantiate this evidence.
This study estimated economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of ultrafine dust (PM2.5) by using the adsorption rate of PM2.2 and adsorptive capacity of coniferous trees. The economic benefits were estimated by using an economic value-at-risk (EVA) model.
The study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a survey with a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the village communities in the Shouf Biosphere Reserve (SBR) and the Jabal Moussa Biosphere reserve (JMBR) in Lebanon. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to village communities. The respondents were asked to indicate their willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to accept (WTA) for reforestation initiatives on communal lands.
A randomized conjoint experiment (RCA) approach was used to assess the value of ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey among the community people of this protected area. The survey data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis.
Based on the New-New Trade Theory, the authors use the product unit value method to measure the quality of China's forestry exports to ten developed countries. The authors then apply the quality ladder endogenous growth model to identify the factors that could affect the quality level of the exports.
This paper uses continuous data collected in the last 38 years, which are quite extensive compared to data used in the existing research, considering the influencing factors are very comprehensive and complex, especially the impact of property right system reform on forestry economic growth. The grey correlation model was used to analyze the related input factors impact on forestry output value. Every input factor had different degree influences on Chinese forestry output.
The authors estimate the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative financial income. The authors demonstrate that the environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth. In China's case, it determines the future pathway of rural conversion to the era of eco-urbanization.
The paper provides a thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discusses the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forestry land changes, and proposes the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of forest area changes in the future.
This paper adopts a choice-experiment-method-based research approach to explore the preferences and needs of city residents for future urban forest improvement. The research design is based on a three-step approach, i.e. a choice experiment, a questionnaire survey and a focus group discussion, and the data were collected from city residents in Beijing, China.
In this paper, a simulation model is developed to simulate the insurance policy of forest insurance in China. The simulation model consists of two parts. First, the insurance premium and the insurance subsidy from the government are modeled, and then the insurance coverage rate is modeled. Second, the forest field area owned by the forest farmer is modeled and the forest farmers' purchasing decision on forest insurance is simulated.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on big data technology in China's sustainable forest management and discusses the applications of big data to research works on forest ecosystem.
In this paper, the authors construct a two-stage supply chain model of one supplier and one manufacturer. The authors use mathematical modeling method and field research method to design an appropriate contract to realize the coordination of biomass molding fuel supply chain. And then they discuss the setting of contract parameters.
In this study, the reduction of import share of the manufacturing industry in GDP was considered as a deglobalization variable. The KOF globalization index (1980-2017) data were used to compare and analyze two groups of developed and developing countries. The political global index among the economic, social and political global indices had a significant negative effect on deglocalization. The economic and social aspects did not have a significant direct effect.
This research was carried out at PT Pelabuhan Indonesia 1 Persero (Pelindo 1) which is one of the ports in Indonesia which is located in outer islands which make it directly adjacent to the high sea and other countries. This research was conducted at the port, where corporate hospitality is a discipline that is a new form of hybrid organization by combining different elements from different institutional logic. This study was conducted in the context of organizational transformation, corporate hospitality and corporate sustainability. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the employees of the company.
The study is based on a sample of Indonesian banks listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) over the period of 2010-2016. The sample consists of banks listed in the Indonesian Stock Exchange from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2016. This study uses a panel data regression model to examine the relationship between corporate governance and risk management.
The study uses panel data for the period 1980-2013 to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions from total energy consumption, as well as from petroleum consumption on India's GDP growth rate and carbon emissions.
In this paper, the researcher uses annual time series data to investigate both the short-run and long-run dynamics of IT software and service exports in the context of IT, human capital, exchange rate, investment in IT, external demand and openness index. The study also investigates the long-term equilibrium relationship among the variables and to make the results more robust, all the variables are included in the same order, both in the Granger-based cointegration test and bound-based test. The direction and magnitude of long run coefficients and associated error correction mechanism were estimated using ARDL procedure.
Using the dynamic fixed effects approach, the authors use the panel data for 11 countries in the West African subregion for the period 1996-2016. The authors employ the technique of unit root of Pesaran (2007) to test for cross-sectional dependence.
- The paper is based on a literature survey and case study to show what has been done so far on development finance, particularly on the blended financing including blended insurance.
An empirical study in Nanning city residential area in China has been conducted. The experimental scale was small for the first two years, and the outcomes were not desirable. New adjustments were made gradually and the experimental sites were expanded to more residential communities in the past few years. From the empirical results, we drew several important intellectual points of discussion.
The study uses a panel data set of five BRICS economies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The study uses panel data analysis to examine the relationship between financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth in the case of BRICS countries.
The authors conduct a quantitative analysis to examine the factors that systematically influence the building of China's partnership network as we see today. The authors use a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods.
Based on a cross-sectional, time-series data analysis of 68 developing countries during the period from 1981 to 1999, the authors uncover that the relationship between the distribution of legislative constraints and foreign debt is indeed curvilinear. By bridging the veto players theory with other institutional approaches, the paper offers a novel conceptual link between legislative constraints, the number of legislative veto players, their preferences and their cohesion.
The study uses the VECM framework to analyze the relationship between software and services export, IT investment and GDP nexus in India. The study uses a panel data set of India covering the period of 1990-2016.
The author uses strategic interaction analysis, as developed by Lake and Powell (1999). Strategic interaction analysis distinguishes between two elements of strategic interaction: actors and their environments. On the actor side, actors are assumed to have preferences, defined simply as how they rank the possible outcomes defined by the environment. Actors' situational preferences consist of the ranking of preferred outcomes in more specific situations and depend upon the particular problem constellation and constellation of actors. The second attribute of an actor are its prior beliefs about the preferences of other actors. In particular, when actors are uncertain, these beliefs are crucial for the decision about which strategy to choose, and, in consequence, for the outcome of interaction.
The paper analyses IPE thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods during which distinct IPE thoughts emerged. The first period is the eighteenth century, when Silhak, a new intellectual movement calling for the reform of traditional Korean society, arose. The second period is of the middle to late nineteenth century when Korea faced foreign threats and as a result eventually opened its doors to the world. The final period is that of colonial Korea (1910-1945) under imperial Japan, a time in which economic nationalist movements were pursued whilst Marxist theories were also introduced to the country.
The paper draws the insights from the two international relations theories - i.e. hegemonic stability theory (HST) and power transition theory (PTT). Its central thesis is that "US fear" about its declining hegemony and China's rapid rise as a challenger of US hegemony is driving a US- launched trade war with China.
The study is based on a case study conducted in the city of Dhaka, Bangladesh. The study was carried out using a mixed-methods approach. First, a survey was conducted to identify the vulnerability of urban infrastructure in the case of climate change-induced flood. Second, a questionnaire was distributed to the residents of the affected areas to assess the extent of exposure of the urban infrastructure to future flood. Third, the vulnerability analysis was conducted by using the data collected from the survey. Finally, the study was conducted with the help of the experts of the municipal authorities. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0.
In this viewpoint, the study tries to investigate and measure the compositional quality by geospatial methods of isolated forest patch for understanding the habitat qualities. For that purpose, the present study investigates forest landscape and its ecological phenomenon related to the elephant habitat performance in the study area. After completing the analysis, the authors shall predict that Jaypur-i, Kalabagan, Tangra, Chandra, Taini, Chandrapur and Peardoba forest patches will act as a home range for elephant.
Groundwater samples were collected from the Ardabil aquifer and analyzed for hydrogeochemical characteristics using the method of hydrogeochemistry. The water samples were analyzed for their chemical composition using the hydrochemical method of sodium chloride (Na-Cl) and calcium chloride (Ca-Mg-HCO3).
The authors used a mixed methods approach to model and predict mammalian herbivore species relative abundance and distribution in semi-arid savanna Gonarezhou National Park (GNP) in south eastern Zimbabwe. Data were collected from an aerial survey conducted in 2013-2014. The data were analysed using Lognormal curve, broken stick log series, geometric series models and rank-abundance plots.
In this study, juvenile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) were cultured in the presence of P. betle extract under static exposure. The fish was subjected to acute-lethal toxicity test (OLT) using the T-test. The toxicity test was carried out on the juvenile fish by using the LISREL 10.0.
The study was conducted in Dhulikhel, a city in the northern part of Pakistan. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed among the residents of DhulIKhel. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The population of the study was selected based on the convenience sampling method. A total of 200 questionnaires were distributed among residents of the area. Of the total number of questionnaires distributed, a total of 150 were returned.
This paper is based on the review of available literature on natural resource management, which reflects the involvement of Pakistan communities living in different regions for sustainable management in agriculture, forestry and livestock sectors differentiated by women. It has concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women farmers in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development, all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The study is based on a systematic review of the literature on the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediment of Peninsular Malaysia. The data were collected from various sources, such as sediment samples collected from rivers, estuaries and coastal areas in the states of Selangor, Negeri Sembilan, Sarawak, Kedah and Penang. The sediments were analysed for heavy metal concentrations in sediment using different analytical techniques, including total amount of heavy metal concentration, total heavy metal content, metal-specific heavy metals and total heavy metals.
This study applied beach morphodynamic state that uses dimensionless fall velocity O model to estimate the preliminary rip currents beaches along Kuantan coastline. The beaches were selected from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP) coastline.
Based on the life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the method, the research shall refine the accounting method of textile products and improve the accuracy of the list, make the accounting process traceable and compare the industrial carbon footprint in the textile industry, and then put forward suggestions for energy conservation and emission reduction.
The study was conducted in Terengganu, West Peninsular Malaysia. Data were collected from a total of 2,000 bird observations that were conducted in two residential areas and two forested areas. The data were analysed using the bird population count method. The population was divided into two groups, namely, forest birds and urban birds.
For this purpose, the study is using data collected from a survey on respondents who are the participants of AIM program using convenience sampling in Perak and Kelantan. As oppose to the simple linear regression method, this study uses rigorous statistical tools to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita using a quantile regression method.
For the study purposes, ROE is applied as a measure of profitability, while the independent variables include firm's size, accruals, the Eurozone's Economic Sentiment Indicator, growth domestic product (GDP) growth rate per capita and the European Central Bank (ECB) key interest rate, a dummy variable for the crisis, as well as the debt ratio and its square.
This study is based on a sample of 1,000 European and Turkish companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) over a period of five years. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies' annual reports for the period 2010-2017. The ESG scores of these companies were measured using the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) index. The performance of the portfolio was measured by the return on assets (ROA) and return on equity (ROE) using the Sharpe ratio. The sample was divided into two groups, i.e. European and Turkey.
The authors conduct variance ratio (VR) tests in order to assess whether stock returns follow a random walk. Then the authors apply Granger-Causality modelling to investigate specific serial dependencies in stock index data. Such dependencies include the relationship of the fluctuations of a country index with its own lags, as well as the trading days required to adjust to overseas developments as approximated by a global stock index. The randomness or otherwise of stock market returns is also assessed through runs which consider whether fluctuations change as frequently as one would expect in a randomly generated series.
- The paper estimates panel regressions on the firms included in the Dow Jones Islamic Market World Index (DJIM) from 56 countries using 28,543 firm-year observations. Using year dummies, the paper investigates the effect of the 2008 financial crisis on capital structure.
In this study, input-oriented DEA-CCR model is used for efficiency analysis and Malmquist productivity index is used to analyze the efficiency and productivity of IIs.
This paper undertakes a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. It also undertakes an in-depth examination of the implementation progress of the key BaselIV standards in the case of the European Union.
The study employs the residual income model (an accounting model) that is widely accepted among academicians in an accounting field which is different to previous empirical works that were applied (dividend discount model, capital assets pricing model and event study). These models are widely used in a finance field.
The paper is a theoretical and conceptual research paper. The paper applies the core of the argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance.
- First, by using the DCC-GARCH model, the authors examine the effect of investor sentiment on the Tunisian stock market return. The parameters of this model can easily be estimated, and the model can be evaluated and used in straightforward way. Second, the fully modified dynamic ordinary least square method (FMOL) is employed to estimate the long-term relationship between investor sentiment and Tunisian Stock Market return. More precisely, this particular model intent to identify the long run cointegration among Google search queries index and return index. Finally, the wavelet coherence model is used to test the comovement between investor sentiments measured by Google Trends and Tunisia's stock market returns.
The authors use a panel data set of the US Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB) for the period from January 2006 to December 2015. The authors apply the dynamic conditional conditional conditional correlation (DCC) method to analyze the relationship between Bitcoin and energy commodities and the DCC between the two central banks.
In this study, the authors investigate popular cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio. The sample period covers most of the 2010s. The authors examine three popular cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ripple and Litecoin.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of directors of FTSE 350 companies in the UK. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM).
This study adopts the cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) model introduced by Chang et al. (2000) and Galariotis et al.'s (2015) to examine whether Fama-French risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking the underlying common-risk factors using cross-section absolute deviation frameworks.
This study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the effect of SML on the cost of capital in the stock markets of EIC.
The authors use a broad sample comprised of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul, the sole stock exchange in Turkey. As proxies for information content, the authors use abnormal volume (AVOL) and abnormal absolute return (AAR) around earnings announcements defined similar to Dellavigna and Pollet (2009) and Asthana and Balsam (2001), respectively.
The authors use stocks' past returns as the information variable in this study. Using an econometric approach, the authors test whether financial analysts' rationality in making stocks' earnings forecasts is homogenous or not across different information regimes in stocks'past returns. Past one-quarter, two- quarter, and four-quarter buy-and-hold returns immediately prior to the quarter during which earnings forecasts are made are treated as the data source. Structural changes in past returns are tested using a threshold regression model that allows simultaneous estimation of both threshold and slope coefficients.
Using a sample of German small-cap stocks and event study methodology, it is shown that mood is a positive factor in predicting the short-term cumulative abnormal stock return following earnings announcements. By way of contrast, sentiment is not found to be a factor.
The performance evaluation is based on a risk-adjusted return metric taking into account the effects of inflation. The risk return metric is the money-weighted excess returns over inflation consistent with the life-cycle investment goals of the pension fund investors. The sample period covers the period from 2003 to 2015.
This study uses a panel data set of Taiwanese firms listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TSE) for the period from 2000 to 2016. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of D&O insurance on stock price crash risk.
The authors estimate different models to inquire which of the former variables are significantly related to the cross-sectional variation in trading turnover of the sampled stocks. The authors then consider sub-samples as a form of robustness check, and also re-organise the variables into factors (using factor analysis) to achieve a more succinct insight regarding trading activity influencers.
The study uses a sample of 152 SRI funds from January 1995 to May 2015. The study uses factor analysis and cross-sectional regression analysis to explore the determinants of SRI fund performance.
This work is a continuation of the subspace sparsing framework proposed in Yilmaz and Akansu (2015). It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the sub space (Max, 1960; Lloyd-Max, 1982;Akansu and Haddad, 1992). The authors focus on sparsed eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance.
The authors present a case study of the execution of a large-scale process on the Ethereum blockchain network. The authors use the example of a Bitcoin transaction to illustrate the application of the proposed approach to executing processes.
Utilizing historical daily dataset of 150 active stocks (1994-2017) in Bursa Malaysia, a liberal exponent of price limits, the authors employ two benchmark logistic regression models and find statistically significant results suggestive of magnet effect for both upper and lower limits, though the evidence is weaker for lower limits.
The authors employ Diebold-Yilmaz volatility spillover tests for France, UK, Germany, France and the USA. The authors employ Baker et al.'s (2016) migration policy uncertainty index, which is available in quarterly frequency for UK, France, Germany and USA.
The paper is based on a review of the literature and the author's personal experience in the field of accounting.
The authors employ symmetric and asymmetric models to examine the long-run relationship between the underlying and futures prices of CPO. Cointegrated prices are efficient prices that reflect newly announced information on the same day as the event; otherwise, the market is inefficient. In this study, the authors employ asymmetric and symmetric models.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on corporate tax avoidance and corporate secrecy. The paper also draws on the experiences of the UK and the USA in dealing with tax avoidance.
The paper critically reflects upon academic literature and research in the area of efficient markets and related regulatory policy. It reflects upon whether the meaning of the research may be problematically read and inform problematic policy. The paper then aims to point to avenues for future research.
This study has employed the Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method to evaluate the financial performance of intermediary institutions in the Turkish capital markets. The data set used for the study consists of the financial data for the years 2011-2016. The financial performance has been evaluated by using the TOPSIS method.
The authors first employ a broad measure of CSR, using data from ASSET4, reflecting firm-level choices and activities in dealing with ESG issues. One major advantage of using this broad index is that it allows the authors to document a relationship between the included aspect and a measure of performance, however, the true driver of superior performance can be omitted due to omitted variable bias (OVB). Second, the authors use a different measure of ESG, which is based on a combination of three granular measures of three different ESG granities. The authors use this measure as a proxy for CSR and employ a two-stage least squares regression model to estimate the relationship between CSR dimensions and firm value.
The authors first check the co-integration between the variables utilizing bounds test analysis proposed by Pesaran et al. (2001). Then, the authors employ an ARDL model to investigate the long-term static spillover. FMOLS and DOLS models are also used to check for robustness. Dynamic house price spillover is investigated using Kalman filter and dynamic conditional correlation-GARCH (DCC- GARCH) models.
The paper explores oil spot and oil futures markets focusing on the Brent Index spot and futures markets. Daily and 30-minute intraday return data are used for the investigation.
- Statistical analyses of linkages between financial reports and stock market data have sought to guide financial reporting policy. The argument is vaguely appealing: stock markets are efficient in the sense of reflecting all relevant information in the prices; we can therefore use guidance from stock markets to identify which information (and which information-generating accounting methods) markets find relevant to determination of prices; this can be achieved by identifying the accounting methods which produce data with greater statistical proximity (e.g. higher correlation) with stock prices; and such methods of accounting can be used to promote market efficiency.
This paper is based on an extensive review of the literature on CSR and sustainability reporting, and the author's personal experience as an investor in socially responsible investing.
Using survey responses from 359 NPIs, the authors examine how task-specific knowledge (i.e. financial sophistication) and readability affect judgments about equity valuation, ease of understanding, credibility, and trustworthiness.
The sample includes 222 diversified emerging market and 78 emerging market bond funds. To assess the performance of the mutual funds, this study examines the fund managers' efforts for searching alphas in their portfolios during January 2000 and May 2017.
The paper employs the Generalized Pareto distribution to identify the major reversals of the BIST-30 index which is the leading stock index of the Istanbul Borsa Istanbul.
In this paper, the authors present an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crashes and their causes. Furthermore, they highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses in the future.
A case study of taxonomic knowledge ontology is used in the development of the architecture. The case study is presented together with an analysis of the crowdsourced data.
This paper proposes three individual models to simulate individuals and clarifies the network connection relationship among these three models. The authors map real problems to patterns, the decision-making and behavior of individuals in the crowd-intelligence network facing the real problems are represented by solving the path-finding problem in the pattern. Individual decisions are made by themselves and advices given by advisors. Monitors are in charge of individual decision instability, helping individuals behaving as their decisions. We can be quickly obtained to get the description file of the simulation process through pre-defined simulation template, a large number of simulation individuals, a number of individual networks and existing policies and strategies and the existing simulation process can be reproduced by description file.
The authors conducted an empirical study on Zhihu Lives, a popular online knowledge payment platform in China. The authors collected data from the knowledge providers and analyzed the sponsorship network and cross-domain knowledge exchange behavior of the platform by using the partial least squares method.
This paper takes the crowd network multi-source information dissemination system as the research object and uses the mature information fusion model to describe the model, that according to crowd network simulation characteristics and establishes a novel steady-state maintenance simulation framework. Compared with other steady- state maintenance frameworks, it is specially designed for the crowdnetwork simulation and that conforms to these new characteristics.
This paper proposes an IoT-based architecture design for IP protection, which is based on blockchain technology and IoT technology. The architecture is designed by combining the blockchain technology with the IoT technology, and the architecture is implemented on the IoT platform. The blockchain technology is used to secure and secure the data, while the IoT technologies are used to verify and verify the authenticity of the data.
Meta-analysis is a statistical method that integrates multiple research data. It can conduct a unified analysis of the existing conclusions and objectively evaluate the existing research data to draw more valuable conclusions. At present, meta-analysis has been used widely in medical field (Gavin et al., 2018; Lundh et al. 2018; Gavane, 2013), social science field (Brittany, 2018) and social network science (Britton, 2018). Meta-analysis originates from statistics. It is a method that combines multiple data sources and analyses them in a unified way.
In this study, netizens' posts and government response texts from Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong and Tianjin on an online political deliberation platform called Message Board for Leaders in People's Daily Online are selected as the research objects, revealing the key factors that affect the government's response to public inquiry. This study applies Hovland's persuasion theory to the analysis of the behavioral characteristics of netizens in online politics from three aspects, namely, information, situation and managers, and then builds an influencing factor model of government response effectiveness.
This paper uses the Granger causality test to explore the correlation between bitcoin and the logarithmic yield of the blockchain index. In addition, this paper compares and analyses various GARCH models to obtain the best one to describe the price volatility of bitcoin and blockchain concept stocks. This paper also engages in a descriptive statistical analysis on the closing price series and logarithsmic yield series.
In this paper, Japanese ten-item personality inventory (TIPI-J) questionnaire, which is a questionnaire to evaluate personality with only 10 questions, is used to evaluate crowd workers' personality. In this research, a full version of Big five (full version) personality inventory is obtained before selecting crowd workers and the BF traits (Murakami and Murakami, 2001) are obtained after selecting crowd worker. Correlations between TIPI and BF are analyzed and compared with the previous study to understand whether biases exist or not.
Based on the proposed smart agent model, a new architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent-preservation and blockchain-based federated learning framework (SABlockFL) has been proposed, where a smart agent acts as both a participant in a blockchain networks and a peer in a FL task at the same time. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented to prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework.
In this paper, a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment is developed and implemented using MySQL replication technique. The proposed approach is based on a case study of a large-scale cyber security organization in Pakistan.
This paper builds up a framework that brings together the heterogeneous and fragmented extant research to answer the following questions: Does the internet have a significant positive effect on relevant economic indicators of firm development? How does the internet affect firm development and what are the mechanisms? This paper focuses on literature that attempts to investigate the economic effects and mechanisms of the internet on firm development.
This paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on this shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality. This paper adopts a data-driven architecture, the architecture mainly relies on XML files to drive the entire simulation process, and XML files have strong readability and readability, which greatly enhances the scalability of simulations.
This paper is based on an extensive literature review of mobile device compatibility testing and the authors' own experience in crowdtesting. The authors have developed a comprehensive set of guidelines for crowdtesting methodology, which are based on a comprehensive literature review and expert opinions.
This paper looks up various relevant literature and websites, understands and analyzes the existing software and summarizes the widely used simulation software at home and abroad. The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone).
In this paper, a series of research contents, key technologies and solutions for the research of service internet architecture are presented. This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of the crowd system and the crowd science research system.
First, the user score matrix is directly filled using variational inference and then Top-N recommendation is performed. Then, for the existing KL-vanishing problem in the variational inferred deep learning algorithm (Bowman et al., 2015), several available solutions are proposed. The KL annealing and Free Bits methods are then selected to construct the model. Finally, two collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms based on variational inferences are obtained.
This paper is based on a systematic review of the existing works on the evolution of information diffusion over social networks. The review is divided into three categories: diffusion characteristics analysis, diffusion dynamics analysis and diffusion stability analysis.
The proposed algorithm RegBoost divides the training data into two branches according to the prediction results using the current weak predictor. The linear regression modeling is recursively executed in two branches. In the test phase, test data are distributed to a specific branch to continue with the next weak predictor. The final result is the sum of all weak predictors across the entire path. Considering that the data may contain some features that are either redundant or irrelevant and can thus be removed without incurring much loss of information, the authors use stepwise regression to select the most important factors when constructing each weak predicting branch.
This study uses two research methods, i.e. behavioral experiment method and survey method, to study the effect of online review on purchase behavior. The sample of this study consists of 1,000 subjects, and the data were collected from the internet. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling.
The ecological structure of crowd network is the way of crowd unit time and space distribution, information exchange and resource utilization. It is a crowd unit structure network which can be effectively controlled and constructed. In crowd ecosystem, each unit continuously establishes or deletes associations to meet the needs of the development of ecological structure, and the relatively unsuitable association structure is gradually eliminated in the development processes. In this paper, an evolution simulation framework is developed to study the evolution process of the ecological structure.
The authors take a close look at existing classification tasks from Zooniverse, and notice a large percentage of these tasks are multiple-step tasks. The authors propose an aggregation method to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple- step classifications when gold answers are not available.
This paper establishes a multi-factor business entropy quantization (MFBEQ) model based on the influencing factors. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks (including logistics service supply chain, ant division and collaboration network and bit-coin network) are analyzed in detail. Then, k-means clustering based on differential evolution is proposed to cluster intelligent subjects in a crowd intelligence network, so as to obtain the business entropy of a certain crowd network.
The authors first construct the transaction credit model based on the crowd transaction network. This model comprehensively considers factors that influence the transactioncredit, including transaction evaluation, transaction time, transaction status, transaction amount and transaction times. The transaction status includes transaction failure times and transaction failure amount, which improves the accuracy of transaction credit evaluation. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations. Simulation results show that the model is superior with high accuracy and anti-aggression.
Based on network topologies and incoming tasks of different bee colony and supply chain, the AISCN approach adopts the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization, and quantifies the effectiveness value of shared information IV(t) for a task t in the crowd network. The approach used heuristic algorithm to solve a composite objective function which takes all these factors into consideration, so that the optimized information-sharing pattern can be obtained. The authors applied the approach on two crowd networks, including bee colonies and supply chains, to prove the effectiveness of the approach.
The authors propose a CoF-MIDR algorithm, which selects the blocked nodes and adopts a dynamic blocking strategy to minimize the influence scope of rumors. Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to test the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.
The CBDMM approach works in a two-phase manner: data management phase and data mining phase. During the data management stage, GSS data pre-processing method and filter-based attributes selection method are designed to improve data quality and filter out redundant attributes for the oncoming data mining analyses. In the data mining stage, a set of state-of-art data mining algorithms are used to perform holistic analyses including classification analysis, association analysis, predictive analysis and clustering analysis. The results generated by these analyses can be interpreted and visualized, and then stored as knowledge.
A set of monitoring data is derived from equipment's machine speed, pump speed, driving device for lubricating oil, driving temperature, lubricating device for driving oil, machine speed and pump speed of equipment. The monitoring data sequences are clustered by using multiple group correlation probability models (MGCMs). The MGCMs are used to cluster the monitoring data into a few groups, and then the group correlation probabilities are determined by using the MGCM.
Based on a comprehensive review and a classification of approaches employed in CQA systems, the authors propose a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. The authors summarize and compare the advantages and shortcomings of state-of-the-art techniques based on a representative sample of approaches.
Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-selfs. The digital- self is the core in the Rim chain network; it maps people, things, organizations and enterprises from the physical world to the digital world. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital selfs also can interact with each other in the digitalworld, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- selves.
To explore the key issues in the knowledge payment field, this paper collects research literatures related to news paywall, online health consultation platform and so on. The research literature mainly comes from six bibliographic databases, including ABI, ACM Digital Library, Elsevier, EBSCO, SAGE and JSTOR where we can find papers that are highly relevant to the research field; to include as many relevant papers as possible, we choose synonyms of knowledge payment, the names of knowledge payments platforms, as well as online health consultations as search terms. Finally, the search terms are: TO = ("knowledge payment" OR "pay for knowledge" OR "'pay for answer" OR 'paid Q&A' OR 'pay content subscription' or 'paywall' OR "social Q& A" OR ''Quora' OR ''Zhihu'' OR 'Google Answers'' OR ''Mahalo Answer'' OR "online health consultation'" OR 'online health community.'"
The authors build cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion system and propose the methodology of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network in this paper. The authors establish a general model in terms of structure model of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles in crowd intelligence network.
In this study, Python language was used to write web crawler to obtain microblog data and conduct word segmentation and word matching operations on microblog contents, which is innovative to some extent. But the use of computer technology to obtain large amounts of data has its inherent drawbacks - accuracy is not high enough. Therefore, the compilation of the feeling of injustice vocabulary is derived from the network social mobilization that has taken place, and the word-cutting technique is used to cut the words on Weibo comments.
In this paper, an epidemic model is introduced to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The epidemic models from epidemiology are extended by introducing other groups to describe the diffusion process, and the authors introduce the "Potential-Infective-Potential" epidemic model to study user behavior in such crowd intelligence network. The authors also introduce the evolutionary dynamics of the natural ecological systems to analyze the information diffusion over the social networks.
This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established. The models are mainly divided into several aspects: atomic model, contract structure model,contract state model and contract execution model. These models illustrate the implementation of smart contract form different aspect. Starting from these aspects, this paper proposes a decomposition method of Smart Contract.
In this paper the notion and general concept of CHI as a new complementary computing and automation concept is proposed. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans' and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration. The major building blocks of the presented framework are some well-experienced and successful approaches, namely distributed computing, collective human intelligence, human hybrid intelligence and collective machine intelligence. To support the introduced idea, its different different conceptual architecture, the conceptual architecture and workflow are delineated and discussed.
A priority-based map matching algorithm based on priority rule (MMPR) is designed and compared. Based on the application range of the algorithm, a map matching based on MMPR is designed. The innovative MMPR accurately calculates the angle between the speed direction and the road traffic direction. First, find the closest point to the candidate road segment, comprehensively consider the tangential direction and road traffic type of the point, and finally determine the angles between the road Traffic direction and speed direction through conversion.
In this paper, the authors improved the LSTM by smoothing the irregular time between different medical stages of the patient to obtain the temporal feature vector. The temporal featurevector is used as the input of the forgetting threshold, which can effectively deal with the irregulartime interval between the multi-period data and improve the predictive performance of the model.
This paper reviews the evolution of transaction and finds the driving force of transaction evolution is the social division of labor system. The authors review the transaction modes and discover the differentiation mechanism of them underlies in the transaction cost, efficiency and risk. Based on them, the authors attempt to give the definitions of intelligent transaction and intelligent transaction mode.
The paper is based on an extensive literature review and a detailed analysis of the related works. In addition, the rationale behind human-powered search engines and related challenges are investigated in detail.
This research reviews the origin and development of VV&A theory, standards, frameworks, methods, methods and tools from a specific application to large-scale simulation applications (like multi-agent simulations). This research also focuses on which features and characteristics of V V&A can be utilized to solve a large- scale simulation problem. It explores the VVVA standards and frameworks and also discusses which VVA techniques and tools can be used to improve the credibility of simulations.
The authors conducted a literature analysis of published papers that focus on gamification and motivation that relates to technology design or evaluation. Specifically, the authors draw upon the motivational affordances theory to understand the motivational influences of gamification design.
This study used a qualitative method to acquire more depth about the topics, where the researcher gave concern to both commuter and operators' socio-economic, demographic and cultural profiles to understand how their socio-Economic, demographic conditions motivate them to conduct illegal taxi business. After the analysis of socio- economic condition of commuters and drivers, the researcher developed a statistical model, where ten predicted hypotheses (age, education level, marital status and family member support of illegal drivers and the variable of commuter satisfaction, e.g. safety, comfort, continuous service, affordability of service, reliability of service and driver behavior) were tested. The model was analyzed through the multiple regression analysis technique.
The framework applies second-order blind signal identification (SOBI) algorithm to tackle the blind signal separation (BSS) problem and selects the remote photoplethysmogram signal based on spectral kurtosis, which is then verified by the spectral power distribution. A series of glitch removal methods and a peak detection method are employed to extract HR from the raw rPPG signal. A low-cost but efficient BSS method is applied in the framework. The framework has also been validated on data set to verify the correctness of signal processing.
The five algorithms used in this paper represent different learning strategies. The random forest and gradient boosting regression tree (RF and GBRT) base learners used are decision trees. In statistics and machine learning, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) is a regression analysis method that performs both variable selection and regularization to enhance the predictive accuracy and interpretability of the statistical model it produces. Ensemble learning is a machine-learning paradigm where multiple learners can be trained to solve the same problems.
This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process and a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders.
In this paper, the authors propose an opinion object extraction method in online shopping platform comments based on association rules. First, the comment sentences are segmented and part-of-speech tagged. In addition, IF-IDF select feature words. Then the particle swarm algorithm based on simulated annealing (SA-PSO) is used to select the feature words once again, and obtain a feature words set. Then, an improved FCM algorithm is proposed to cluster the explicit comment sentences (SA -FCM). Finally, association rules among explicit features, opinion words and categories are established. According to the opinions and association rules table, the evaluation objects in the comment features can be distinguished. At last, an experiment is conducted to test the proposed method.
In this paper, the authors summarize the key results of studies (Jiang et al., 2014a, 2014b and 2016) to illustrate how the graphical evolutionary game theory (EGT) can be used to model information diffusion.
The authors extracted information from single frontal channel EEG recorded during an attention-demanded task, as neural marker, and explored how these EEG features are correlated with elderly's response time (RT), as behavioral marker of attention. The authors also explored the time course of brain activity during executive function which has not been well addressed in the literature. Exploiting these findings, the authors further investigated whether EEG-representative features can replace RBANS (the traditional neurophysiological test) in identifying elderly individuals' attention level.
In this paper, biclustering algorithm is used to extract rules from labeled data by means of support vector machines (SVMs). The data matrix is a kind of data matrix used to represent the expression level of different genes under specific conditions simultaneously. Each element is a real number which is often the logarithm of the relative abundance of the Relative abundance (R) of the mRNA of the gene.
The authors introduce three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent.
The study proposes spatio-temporal and geo-statistics mechanisms of data analysis for the real-time cleaning, filtering and mapping. Environmental data informatics is an emerging discipline which helps to clean environmental data. This study addresses the environmental informatics issues related to deterministic and stochastic approaches using PWSN. The focus is on the comparative study of parametric and non-parametric regression techniques to estimate missing data samples.
The authors conducted a 12-week study involving 125 undergraduate software engineering students from the Beihang University, Beijing, China. The students self-organized into 21 agile software development (ASD) teams of five to seven persons. Each team developed one software system of significant complexity following the Scrum ASD method as part of their course requirements. During the study, students logged 169,137 ASD activities in the Human-centred Agile Software Engineering (HASE) APM platform.
The authors use CiteSpace to analyze the e-participation research literature retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database from 2001 to 2017. The authors conduct a scientometric analysis by using a unified standard for visual analysis and include related literatures as much as possible.
Based on the externality theory, this paper identifies three sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy, namely, sharing of products or services, constraint mechanisms and restraint mechanisms, and explores which economic features constitute the source of these sources and whether specific patterns exacerbate these sources. It further proposes corresponding governance strategy.
In the data management phase of the proposed BDMM approach, interpolation analysis and anomaly detection analysis are performed to improve the quality of disability datasets by estimating missing attribute values and detecting anomaly and low-quality data instances. In the data mining phase, useful patterns which describe the correlation, association and interactional between the disability data attributes can be fully explored through performing all the major types of data mining analytics which include association analysis, classification analysis and prediction analysis.
This paper first discusses the concepts of open innovation and crowdsourcing and tries to define COI, then it analyzes the value co-creation mechanism underlying COI and discusses the following issues: the key parties in innovation tasks and their interactions; and the value Co-creation Mechanism of innovation and the realization of COI by integrating internal and external resources. Finally, it summarizes the main conclusions and puts forward a theoretical framework for further studies.
The authors introduce the agent-environment framework for conducting intelligent test and then introduce the three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the expected accumulative reward quality achieved by the agent during an intelligent test.
This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on crowdsourcing. It is a conceptual paper based on an extensive review of relevant literature.
Literature bibliometric, theoretical basic analysis and designing approaches' re-view were used as the main approaches in this research.
The population density at Al-Masjid an-Nabawi during the busiest seasons of Al-Hajj (pilgrimage) and Umrah (holy month of Ramadan) is determined by using the population density index (PDI) method. The population density is calculated using the average population density of the entire city of Medina, which is approximately 3390 people/km2. The density is then compared with the actual population of the Mosque of Prophet (PBUH) during the same season.
This paper presents a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. The authors focus on researchers' related work, especially that under which circumstance can group show their wisdom, how to measure it, and how to optimize it and its modern or future applications in the digital world.
The proposed framework adopts a two-level federation-based architecture, system level simulation and application level simulation, which separates simulation related environments into physical and logical aspect to enhance the flexibility of simulations. Simulation definition is introduced in this architecture to resolve the problem of outside agreements and share resources pool (constructed by reflective memory) is used to address the systemic emergence and scale problem.
In this paper, the authors combine the CF's basic idea with the attributes of MOOC videos' structure to propose a new algorithm of personalized recommendation. The authors propose a multi-attribute weight algorithm (MAWA) using the attribute weight and attribute value weight to get accurate users' preferences. The MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the uncertain neighbors' collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm (UNCF).
The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. On this basis, the authors set up a decision model of middlemen's transaction services specialized production. Meanwhile, they consider the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices, which makes the model more real. The authors simulate the middleman's decisions to explore the effect of transaction efficiencies on middle men's division of labor and the effects of the degree of specialization economy, the price gradient and the relative equilibrium price on the results.
The authors use the New Empirical Industrial Organization (NEIO) method to measure the market forces of the internet platform enterprises. The NEIO method provides a viable approach to direct measurement of market premium rates.
MCIN-ASA refers to the classic software architecture, MVC, and adds the physic layer, which is called PMVC system together. The architecture is divided into four layers. The physic layer includes ERP systems, the Internet of Things (IoT) devices, animals and plants, which are the source of information. The model layer includes data acquisition, data transmission and data storage. The controller layer is mainly used for undertaking a series of functions in production management and supply-demand matching, including the supply- demand matching based on MCIN addressing method, intelligent production management, intelligent trading methods and the view layer. Finally, cooperated with the user interface which can be called personalized portals, the authors complete the operation of the whole architecture.
The authors first establish a three-layered theoretic framework that first maps the online message diffusion among friends in the OSN to the offline population distribution via a Dirichlet process (DP) and then projects the FP across geographical regions given the derived population distribution. The authors derive the condition for a division of geographical regions to have a non-decreasing stability from the DP-based prediction models: the authors formulate the population distribution problem from the perspective of DP and present a theoretical framework to project the population distributions over fixed geographical regions by casting online message distribution into the established framework. Based on the derived distribution, the authors propose a prediction model that utilizes the message diffusion graph in OSNs to infer the floating population (FP) across regions.
This paper proposes a blockchain-based solution to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used to share data between end nodes and gateways in a star-of-stars topology. The proposed solution is based on the blockchain technology, which is a distributed ledger technology, and it uses the blockchain as a trustless mechanism to secure and secure the network. The blockchain is used as a platform for sharing data among end nodes, gateways and network servers.
This paper proposes an AI-empowered smart pillbox system that provides context-aware reminders. Context information is acquired by multi-sensor system placed in a smart home environment. A novel argumentation based approach is adopted for solving the activity recognition problem and reminder planning problem. The activity recognition module is able to produce classification results comparable to pure machine learning approaches while significantly reducing the training time.
This paper proposes a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from online medical data. The proposed method is based on a two-step approach. First, the authors extract the temporal information of medical event and temporal expression from patients' self-description. Second, they extract temporal relation between the event and the temporal expression and the relation between event and relative temporal expression.
This paper introduces the agent-based model (ABM) and simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF's allocation and flow in the city. By subdividing the urban system into different types of agents, household, firm and government, the authors discuss the relationship pattern and micro rules of various kinds of agents in WEF production and consumption and then establish the NetLogo simulation model of urban consumption. Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation of the WEF consumption distribution in theCity and simulating the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model.
This paper presents new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling.
The proposed approach consists of two neural networks: the policy network and the reputation network. The policy network explores for better task allocation strategy based on the total reward return over all successive allocations based on Q-learning. The reputation network is trained by supervised learning with the real human task allocation strategies data to predict the trends of reputation fluctuations. Next, an iterative between policy and reputation networks is applied to obtain a multi-round allocation strategy. Training was conducted with an empirical data set containing close to 500,000 decision records from 1,144 players in over 9,000 game sessions using the Agile Manager game platform.
This paper proposes a role conflict model based on the quantitative family role conflict and ambivalence testing scale. To validate this model, the authors developed the Family Role Conflict and Ambivalence Scale to test the effect of family members' role conflict on the parent-child relation. The authors used the data collected from a sample of 1,000 Italian respondents.
In this paper, the authors propose a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on a holographic personalized portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals.
The research framework of CSE mainly concerns issues including: research on the modeling and simulation of crowd cyber system; theoretical research on a crowd cyber eco-system; theory on the intelligent transactions of crowd Cyber System; research on intelligence measurement methods of crowd Cyberspace; theoretical researches on the evolution of crowdCyber System; and theoretical research in the stability of crowd cyberspace. The research framework is based on the following research topics: crowd science and engineering, crowd science, crowd cyber and crowd engineering.
The authors extend cyber-anima to fit the basic information of all kinds of the MCIN nodes, e.g. persons, enterprises, departments of government and thing, and present a double-chain structure for both basic and supply-demand information of each node. The authors propose an anima-desire-intention-based reasoning approach for recommendation interactions, which can also be extended to the scenario of trading-styled interactions. In addition, the authors propose a six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for node addressing and develop a novel E-commerce platform based on MCIN.
In this paper, the authors propose a hybrid (cyber-physical) environment in which people can discuss online and also offline simultaneously. The authors conducted a large-scale experiment in a panel discussion session in an international conference where participants can discuss by using the online discussion support system and by physical communications as usual.
In this paper, the authors propose to use the concept of crowd wisdom for working as the brain of manufacturing. Many examples prove that a qualified crowd would make wise decisions and accurate judgments with the abundant information collected by the consisting individuals. Thus, they apply the theory onto manufacturing, pointing out that with various data contributed by the crowd, including customers especially, manufacturing decision could be obtained, and the authors try to explicate the reason why Big Data is key to intelligent manufacturing in the perspective of crowdisdom.
Based on the partition of who generates the MOOC resources, i.e. instructors and learners, the research design of this paper is composed by three parts: keyword extraction on resources generated by instructors; keyword extraction in MOOC settings; and applications with keywords. As to the first part, it is difficult to collect entire instructor-generated resources of many courses. Also, labeling the data requires expertise in the corresponding subject area. Even so, the authors invite the instructors and teaching assistants (TAs) to help label the teaching resources of one course, as they expect to use human knowledge to learn a classifier by supervised machine learning methods. Moreover, a semi-supervised learning framework is designed to test whether using less labeled data is practical.
First, the authors categorized game elements that have been used widely in crowdsourcing projects. Then, they proposed a research model that depicts the effect of these game elements on human motivation, which may, in turn, influence user participation. In addition, they are interested in identifying the moderating effects of task complexity on user motivation. They designed a series of laboratory experiments to validate the research model.
The authors propose a divide-and-combine (DAC) approach for generating instances of TMT which are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT. To achieve (1), the proposed approach uses pseudo-randomized processes to generate different instances. In the "divide" phase, the test region is divided into several nested and non-overlapping layers. Within each layer, a partial trail is generated with the desired spatial characteristics. Then, in the "combine", the partial trails are joined together to form a complete trail while preserving the desired characteristics.
A qualitative exploratory study was conducted. The data were collected through in-depth, semi-structured interviews with 18 Portuguese Millennials. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis.
This study uses a longitudinal case study of the 2013 Yarnell Hill wildfire in Arizona to examine the role of environmental chaos in the sensemaking process of a wildland firefighting crew. Data were collected over a four-year period from interviews, observations, and document analysis.
To test the serial mediating effect of internal employability and affective commitment on the relationship between organisational practices of competences development and turnover intentions, the authors used the correlational quantitative method. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in different organisations in the city of Barcelona, Spain.
A qualitative study was conducted, using in-depth, semi-structured interviews with HR managers from a sample of Portuguese companies.
A cross-sectional observational study was conducted in a London hostel over a two-year period (2017-2018). Data were collected using a self-report questionnaire and interviews with hostel staff and a geriatric assessment team.
Patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups (BDI or CPFQ) and randomly assigned into one of four treatment groups: no depression, moderate-to-high depression, high depression, low depression, and moderate- to high depression. Patients' self-rating of cognition and self-response to the BDI were assessed using a self-administered questionnaire.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among the medical students of Jazan University. The data were collected from the students through a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed among the students of the Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Nursing and Faculty of Medical Sciences. The sample size of the study consisted of 1,000 students.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia. The population of this study was selected from the database of the Saudi Medical Information Center (SMIC). The study population consisted of patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) who underwent maintenance dialysis or kidney transplantation from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2015. The study sample consisted of 1,037 patients. The data were collected from the hospital records of these patients. Data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences.
A questionnaire was developed from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation. The questionnaire was distributed to general practitioners (GPs) in a sample of 1,000 children aged 6-17 years.
A cross-sectional study (psychiatric impairments in KT [PI-KT] study) was conducted in which patients waiting for kidney transplantation were compared with patients on hemodialysis and patients receiving living-donor (LD) or cadaveric-transplanted kidney transplants.
- The patient, a 47-year-old Caucasian male, was brought to a local emergency department (ED) by emergency medical services (EMS) after being found down in a local park with bradycardia and subsequent pulselessness. At admission, his blood alcohol concentration was 368 mg/dL and a urine drug screen was positive for benzodiazepines. The patient was extubated on hospital day 5, and Clinical Institute for Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol, Revised (CIWA-Ar) was started, at least in part, because it was unknown whether the patient was experiencing withdrawal symptoms from long-acting benzodiazines. During non-agitated periods, the patient reported auditory hallucinations and demonstrated mild thought process disorganization consistent with psychosis. Elevated CIWA- Ar scores recorded by nursing staff from hospital days 6 to 9 triggered increasing Benzodiazepine administration.
The authors conducted a pilot study combining group psychotherapy and yoga exercises for mental health professionals. The authors used a controlled randomized clinical trial design. In total, 12-week (12 h) group psychotherapies and yoga classes were combined with a control group that received no intervention. The participants were selected randomly from the population of mental health practitioners working in a mental health center in Taiwan.
Patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD) and chronic headache pain were randomized to treatment with TMS or noninvasive brain stimulation (iTBS) over the course of 4-6 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to treatment groups with or without RNA genotyping (n=30).
Chlorpromazine was used in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1. The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) of a tertiary care hospital in Israel. A total of 20 patients were included in the study. Patients were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups: no treatment group, treatment group with chlorpromazine or treatment group without chlorpromazines. The patients were followed up for one year.
The WIN-Study was a cross-sectional study conducted in Oldenburg, Germany. In total, 1,000 professionals with a high level of work-related stress were randomly assigned to one of two conditions: a control condition or a mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) program. The participants were asked to take part in a structured mindfulness training program consisting of breathing exercises, meditation, mindful body perception (body scan) and yoga.
The study was carried out in the University of Palermo, Italy, during the academic year 2017-2018. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to all nursing students who had experienced depressive symptoms in the previous year. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0.
The regression model, which has been developed to measure accounting conservatism, was expanded through the use of business strategies and alertness as the proxies for uncertainty. The expanded model was then estimated using financial data from 183 companies (from 2013 to 2018) via EView software to investigate the relationship between accounting conservatism and uncertainty.
The study utilised data for ten years during the period of 2008-2017 from 29 Islamic banks of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries using the 2SYS-GMM estimation technique to account for the unobserved heteroscedasticity and endogeneity in the panel data.
The data were collected from the annual reports of the top ten banks listed on the Nepal Stock Exchange (NSE) for the years 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The data were collected from the annual reports of the top 100 firms listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) for the period of 2010-2018. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach.
This study uses a panel data set of 32 sample banks along with 26 conventional banks and six Islamic banks operating in Bangladesh for the 15-year period (2003-2017) to explore the effect of managerial ownership on bank value. This study uses the fixed-effects panel data regression model to analyze the relationship between bank value and managerial ownership.
The methodology adopts the qualitative method by conducting interview via Skype with financial managers from various territories in Europe and Asia to collect the data. These data reflect the best practices of working capital management from different economies, industries and sizes of capital. Hence, the results will be more generalisable.
This research uses the H model to measure the future market value, which is based on equity and earnings, and the regression analysis is used to test the influence of innate accruals quality on the future value. The regression analysis was conducted using the data of Indonesian listed companies in manufacturing industry sector during period 2000-2018.
The study is based on a sample of all non-financial companies in a crisis-free environment and following the third version of the Malaysian Code of Corporate Governance (MCCG) (2012) to provide a more comprehensive analysis of the impact of both corporate governance and ownership structure on firm performance. The data were collected from the annual reports of all listed companies for the period of 2000-2012.
Data were collected from the annual reports of Bahraini-listed companies listed on the Bahrain Bourse. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS) approach.
The data were collected from the National Government Internal Auditor (BPKP) of East Java province, Indonesia. The sample of this study consisted of 1,000 employees of BPKP. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
For this purpose, an anonymous questionnaire is developed by analyzing social, cultural, psychological, political, law compliance, internal control mechanism and economic contexts of Bangladesh. The confirmatory factor analysis is used to identify the factor and factor loading of measured variables such as lack of proper monitoring, inadequate collateral, moral hazard, nepotism, business risk, business lending, credit assessment, interest rate flexibility and repayment rate. Finally, structural equation modeling (SEM) is used in this study to identify relationship between independent and dependent variables.
This study uses a sample of 100 Bangladeshi companies listed on the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) over the period of 2010-2016. The data were collected from the annual reports of these companies. The authors have tried to establish the level of intracompany in the application of accounting methods and then intercompany comparability of operating performance in terms of the same accounting methods in financial reporting.
This study uses a panel data set of consumer goods firms listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (BEI) for the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2017. The data set consists of a total of 1,845 firm-year observations. The authors have used the fixed effect panel regression model to examine the effects of earnings persistence and earnings power on equity valuation.
In order to assess the suitability of the selected components to develop whistleblowing culture a quantitative research methodology was adopted, suitability was assessed via 5-point Likert scale questionnaire and the questionnaire was circulated among practicing accountants (Auditors) in Sri Lanka. The selected components were assessed based on the following five dimensions: the training programs available for employees in a particular organisational environment (ETP), the reporting channels available in the particular organisation (ARC), the organisational climate and processes (OP), thesafeguards available for whistleblowers (SW), the whistleblowing policies (OPP) and the safety of whistleblowers (OCP).
Data were collected from the annual reports of Sri Lankan firms listed on the Sri Lanka Stock Exchange (SLSE) for the period of 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach.
This study uses a difference-in-differences (D- in-D) approach to test the effect of IFRS adoption on credit relevance of financial reporting in the Nigerian deposit money banks (DMBs). Data were collected from the banks' annual reports for the financial years 2008/2009, 2009/2010, 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013 and 2013/2014.
This study uses a questionnaire survey to collect data from the new entrants to the auditing profession in Chinese audit firms. The data are analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The study employed the Islamic-worldview-based theory to examine the function of AGC in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks. The study employed a self-administered questionnaire to collect data from the AGC members of the Islamic banks in Bahrain. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences software.
Questionnaires were distributed to financial managers, heads of cost department, financial accountants, department of management accounting employees, managerial accountants and auditors in Libyan oil companies. A total 224 of questionnaires were returned, and 210 of them were used in this research.
The experiment was carried over among the first -year participants of the MBA - Business Management Program, MBA-Human Resource Management Program and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Management Program of a premier Indian business school. The participants were the first-year participants in the Financial Reporting Analysis (FRA) and Financial Reporting and Cost Management (FRCM) courses of an Indian Business School.
The authors use the quarterly earnings announcement of the firms that constitute the BSE Sensex Index of India for the period from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2018. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the market response to the timing of the earnings announcements during and after the trading hours. In addition, the authors also investigate the relationship between the timing and the earnings surprise.
In this study, the total number of observations was 117 commercial banks listed in SBP over the time period of 2005-2017. The data were collected from the annual reports of SBP for the period 2005 to 2017. Data were analyzed by using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach.
This study uses Basu's (1997) measure of differential timeliness to capture the conservatism differences following earnings restatements. In addition, a firm-year measure (C-score) is introduced to capture cross-sectional and intertemporal variation in asymmetric earnings timelier recognition. Moreover, the authors also introduce an industry-year and an individual firm measure to capture differences in conservatism following restatement announcements.
Based on the problem and indicators, the authors aim to find out the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on ICD which shall be analyzed based on agency theory. This paper includes literature review, research method, result and discussion and conclusion.
This study uses machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. The authors use a multivariate distribution model to detect anomalous financial ratios. Financial ratios are considered as a series of variables, also known as features, and the values of financial ratios are assumed to follow a multi-variate distribution. This assumption will allow the authors to point out anomalous data by measuring whether the distance of each datum to the "centroid" (which will be explained in Research Methodology) exceeds a certain threshold.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from different stakeholders of Sri Lankan organisations in different business sectors. Frequency statistics were performed to describe the respondents and the organisations in the sample. Krushkal-Wallis test was performed to measure the gap between management accountant's role and society's expectations. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences.
This study uses a case study approach to analyse the financial statements of China Telecom, China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom using principal component analysis (PCA) approach.
The study employed the diversification indices proposed by Laeven and Levine (2007) to measure diversification. Furthermore, the value added intellectual capital coefficient model of Pulic (1998, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2008) has been employed to measure intellectual capital and its components. The model which is based on a multi-stakeholder perspective of wealth creation developed ratios from financial statements to account for employee expertise and experience (i.e. human capital), internal processes and procedures, technological infrastructure, policies and organisational culture and structural capital employed efficiency which account for value created for shareholders. The panel-corrected standard error regression of Beck and Katz (1995) was used to examine the nexus while controlling for size, competition, leverage, stock exchange listing and government ownership.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on Islamic microfinance sector. The paper uses a qualitative research approach, i.e. semi-structured interviews with the top managers of IMFIs in Indonesia. The interview data are analyzed using thematic analysis.
This study is based on an experimental unit and a control class. The experimental unit consists of two groups of students, i.e., the experimental group and the control group. The students are divided into two groups based on their performance in the EBL project. The test results are compared between the two groups. The results of the test are analyzed by means of ANOVA.
This study uses eight independent variables (IV) as a proxy for the quality of CG mechanism. The Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) has been used to compute the COE.
Based on market power theory and stewardship theory, marketability is developed on the basis of SCP. Market share and concentration are significant proxies to construct the marketability in a creation of profitability values. Data were collected from sharia banks in Indonesia. The sample size of this research is 100 banks in sharia banking industry in Indonesia for the period of 2011-2017. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) method.
Data were collected from the annual reports of the top 100 companies listed on the Lagos Stock Exchange (LSE) for the period of 2010-2012. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
The study is based on a sample of 100 largest companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) for the period of 2010-2012. Data were collected from the annual reports and financial statements of these companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares method.
The authors use a panel data set of Iranian listed companies for the period from 2005 to 2015. The authors employ a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of short-maturity debt and institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism.
Regression analysis is used to examine the association between independent directors' diligence and discretionary accruals. Regression tests are performed to evaluate the impact of independent director diligence on earnings management practices after controlling for other factors that may influence managerial decisions.
The data used in this study were obtained from the annual reports of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (ISE) for the period of 2010-2014. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach.
The analysis is based on the Ohlson (1995) model and data comprise of the Chinese A-listed firms from the year 2008 to 2016. Ordinary least square is estimated after controlling for time and industry effects. Life cycle stages depict different information content at each phase.
The data were collected from the websites of local governments in Indonesia. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach.
This study used the data from the annual financial statements of the companies listed on the Bursa Indonesia Stock Exchange for the period of 2009-2011. The data were collected from the company's annual financial statement and the audit report of the company. This study used a two-stage least squares regression analysis to examine the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics on audit report lag. In addition, this study also examined the impact of audit risk on the audit lag.
The data used in this study are the financial statements of the listed companies on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) for the period from January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2011. The data used for this study is the financial statement of the companies listed on the IDX for the years 2008-2011. The sample of this study consists of all listed companies in the Indonesian Stock Exchange for the year 2011. This study uses the panel data regression analysis to test the hypotheses.
The sample of this research consists of manufacturing companies listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange for the period 2009-2012. The sample is divided into three groups: Big 4 to Big 4 (B4B4) lateral auditor switching, cross-up (CU) auditor switching and cross-down (CD) auditor switchings, and other variables such as company size, return on equity (ROE) and return in equity (LnTA) are used as the control variables. The regression analysis is used to analyze the effects of auditor switching.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from selected quoted manufacturing firms in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling.
This research uses a descriptive case study method to try to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one. The environmental cost analysis and reporting method is based on the following steps: first, the environmental costs incurred by PT INKA (Persero) have been identified through a literature review. Second, the company's environmental costs have been classified into administrative and general expenses in the income statement of the company. Third, environmental expenditures have been combined with other expenses.
This study is a follow-up study of the study conducted by Ariyanto and Sukirno (2016). Previous research was conducted to analyze factors affecting career selection considering the influence of framing and groupthink factors, while this study uses the students of the accounting program of Airlangga University.
A descriptive qualitative approach with the study case method, which was conducted at the Regional Office of Directorate General of Tax of East Java II, is used for this research. The data analysis technique used is descriptive statistics for describing or figuring out the collected data as it is, without making general conclusions, and also a comparative analysis is done in terms of affecting other factors in the given periods.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from the tax offices of Lagos state, Nigeria. The data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The sample size of the study was drawn from the database of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Lagos, Nigeria, and the data collected were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and regression analysis.
The study is based on a questionnaire survey conducted in Pakistan. The data were collected by using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the top management of the organizations in Pakistan and the responses were collected from the top managers of these organizations. The respondents were asked to fill in the questionnaire about their organization's management accounting practices (MAP).
This study was conducted for manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in 2010-2013. Manufacturing companies are selected because this sector is a group business with size, volume and risk of trading that is large compared with other sectors. Tobin's Q is used in measuring values based on market perspectives reflecting investors' future expectations.
Panel regression analysis has been used to evaluate the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks in the Indian banking sector for the period from 2005-2006 to 2010-2011.
This paper is based upon a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
This study is based on a sample of 1,000 companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) for the period of 2010-2014. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies. The authors used the ordinary least squares regression model to analyze the relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees.
The data used in this study were collected from a sample of 440 companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) during the period 2006-2010, except for financial companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The population in this study is all auditors working in KAP 45 Surabaya and KAP 1 Sidoarjo. The population of this study consists of auditors who have been audited by KAPs for at least one year. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the auditors. The questionnaire consisted of three questions: independence, professionalism, professional auditor attitude, and professional auditor skepticism.
The research object of this research is PT. Prodia Widyahusada, one of the biggest clinical laboratories in Indonesia, which is located at 149-151 Diponegoro Street, Surabaya, Indonesia. This research uses two main theories, cost and green building. The first theory is that the green building concept reduces operating costs by reducing the usage of water and electricity. The second theory is also that the operating costs of a building can be reduced if it is considered as a green building because it can earn LEED certification. The data used in this research were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to all the employees of Grha ProdIA.
Data were collected from quoted manufacturing firms listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) over the period of 2011-2015. The study used a panel data regression model to examine the relationship between board leadership structure and earnings quality of the firms.
Based on the attribution theory, the factors that cause TP to behave disobediently will be examined. This assessment will examine both the external factors such as income, and also internal factors, namely, the perception of TP on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability and also the database. The TSO of Pratama Surabaya Rungkut will be chosen as a place of study because its compliance level of TP is the lowest, so it can be said that the registered TPs in this TSO are less obedient than the registered TP in other TSOs. A questionnaire was distributed to the non-employee ITPs who have been registered in the TSO. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected from the websites of the local governments in Indonesia through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the heads of local government in Indonesia, and the data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.
Data were collected from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for the years 2000-2012. The data were analyzed using the "Science Linkage" (SL) indicator developed by Narin (1991) to measure the degree of SL. The SL indicator was then used to assess the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies.
A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on the tutorial entrepreneurship literature. These factors are grouped into six main factors: factors that focus on individuals and their personalities as well as key actors in the university's activities, and the consequences of university's entrepreneurial activities on local economic development.
This paper is based on the authors' own experiences of industry-university collaboration. The authors present a ladder with a ladder scale of increasing risk and reward. The ladder is presented in the form of a ranking of collaboration opportunities by investment and risk.
This study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with incubatees from three incubator programs in China. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
The study is based on a qualitative research approach. The study is conducted in the context of packaging strategies. The data are collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The respondents were selected through purposive sampling, and the data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistical techniques.
This study is based on the perspective of social network theory, combining relevant policy documents, media reports and other second-hand materials of crowd innovation space to design an interview outline (Ahuja, 2000). The researchers obtained first-hand information through face-to-face interviews with the founders or principals of the crowd innovation spaces, then, sorted out the text of the recordings and selected effective sentences centering on the connection between the crowd Innovation Space and other elements of the ecosystem. It is of theoretical and practical significance to explore the internal operation mechanism of crowd innovations space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding.
This framework consists of five steps including evaluating the status of the academic entrepreneurship indicators, determining the strategies and goals, identifying the relationships between the goals and rankings them, creating a list of candidate projects and programs to meet the objectives and creating a portfolio of projects and program by a multi-objective mathematical model.
The authors modify an existing structural model to study customers' dynamic learning process using the actual data on MyStarbucksIdea.com, a crowdsourcing platform that allows customers to submit new ideas to compete to win an award.
Based on the previous research, this study explores the evolution process of the evolution of the science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system. Furthermore, the authors construct a framework of the design of the innovation policy system from the perspective of policy characteristics. The authors use the case study of Shandong Province as an example.
This study focuses on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model. Systematic study is divided into four stages. Stage 1 deals with interviews with the enterprises, and gathering and sorting out of their demands. Stage 2 describes the expert interviews the understanding of the main problems arising from the operation and management of the enterprises within the scope of electronics and electrical domain. Stage 3 emphasizes the importance ranking of all demands using expert weight method. Stage 4 establishes the innovative talent cultivator model.
This study adopts a sequential exploratory strategy as a specific mixed-methods design. A quantitative instrument of TMPs and KC was designed and comprehensively conceptualised utilising social, excellent, performance, strategic, behavioural and developmental concepts within TMP's with innovative, informational and technological concepts underlining KC within the Australian public and private universities in Queensland. The instrument was used to collect data from a sample of 1,000 faculty members from Australian universities.
The data were collected from the automobile industry of China. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
The authors conducted a comprehensive survey of researchers at various regional universities to understand the causes of the problem from the researcher's perspective. After a comprehensive literature review on UBC, the authors present the regression results of the survey, along with key with recommendations.
The authors conducted a sequential mixed-methods study. The study uses qualitative methods, including one-on-one interviews (n=29) and five workshops with administrators, management scholars, students and external community members (practitioners and policymakers), to develop a conceptual model associated with the antecedents of KD of management research.
A systematic review of the literature was conducted on EE antecedents, theoretical limitations, distinctive features, elements and measurement approaches. A conceptual framework for the study of the composition and interactions of EEs was proposed, replicating and expanding Stam's and Spigel's (2017) work.
This study uses the game theory to measure the synergy within the West African Triple Helix innovation systems. It uses Shannon's information theory indicators, namely, mutual information (Leydesdorff, 2003) and the transmission power (Megnigbeto, 2014). The sample consists of 15 West African countries: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone and Togo.
This paper systematically reviews the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment.
The authors developed a convolutional neural network that accurately classifies MDA-MB-468 and MCF7 breast cancer cells after being trained on 995 brightfield breast cancer cell images, validated with 123 brightfield microscopy cell images and then tested on 123 bright field images. The authors used the back-propagation algorithm to train the entire architecture in a supervised fashion.
A qualitative research approach was used to explore practices that are utilised for managing talent development in the higher education environment in six Australian universities. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were used to collect data from six universities in Queensland, Australia. Data were analysed using thematic analysis.
The paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the aggregate production function. The authors use two different aggregation types, i.e. summing over firms and over industries in certain contexts in a country or the same industry over different nations. The author uses the GMM approach in order to find out whether aggregate production functions can describe the technology at the aggregate level.
The authors draw on an institutional-based view and follow the studies that propose that differences across sub-national locations (cities, states, regions and countries) matter - because of pronounced differences in the economic, productive, cultural, social, historic, demographic, administrative and governmental backgrounds. The authors analyze how these institutional differences across locations render differences in innovativeness (or ability to innovate) and are thus likely to drive the locations selected by MNCs to locate their R&D subsidiaries.
To achieve this goal, questionnaires were analyzed and answered by 208 young people (200 of them complete), all final year students in business administration at a private university in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil.
To meet the proposed objective, the authors applied the Malmquist index (MI) in addition to the data envelopment analysis (DEA) approach. The authors used data provided by annual survey of industry [Pesquisa Industrial Anual de Inovacao Pimenta de Inverso (PIA), in Portuguese and in Portuguese] and survey of innovation [PESquisa Pimentacao Intelectual Pintura e Tecnologia (PINTEC) in Portuguese - the latter produced by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE, Portuguese) - and data regarding technology intensity (TI) provided by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in the paint industry of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The methodology used in this research is a case study of the performance of the Research Support Foundation of the State of Minas Gerais (Fapemig) as an inducer of the triple helix interaction in the state, using the database of projects promoted by the foundation between the years 2009 and 2018. In addition, the authors conducted a statistical analysis of the results of these projects, comparing them with the results obtained from the National Innovation System.
This study is done based on second-generation upper echelon theory (UET) developed by Carpenter, Geletkanycz, and Sanders (2004). In the model, Carpenter have added more theoretical construct proxied by top management team (TMT) demographic. Instead of just testing the existing TMT demographic, this study attempted to combine conventional demographic item which is foreign knowledge and the new item which are GM and see whether these two top management characteristics influence organizational outcome.
The study adopted a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with eight organisations in the construction sector in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique.
A netnography approach was used to collect data on Twitter interactions between fans of the National Football League (NFL) in Brazil. The data were analyzed using NVivo 8.0, a social network analysis software.
In 2016, a group of MBA students with diverse skills commenced a TIW course whose goal was to build a software or some type of technological prototype with some innovation in an agile way. The prototype scoping and requirements were volatile leading to several changes during the development. Considering this demand, the initial planning was to adopt an agile process - extreme programming (XP) to guide the students to deliver the prototype under volatile domains. After the first experience in 2016 and the premise that MBA students should ask more interesting questions, the instructor adopted, for the next workshops, the design thinking (DT) approach to guide students during the innovation process to mitigate the risks associated with innovation obstacles and foster an innovative behavior.
The paper presents a review of the literature on smart cities, building information modeling (BIM), Geographic Information System (GIS), the smart city and digital 3D city models. The paper also presents a case study of the creation of a searchable 3D smart city model, which is based on a three-phase process.
The indicators of innovation observed in the Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) were used to identify the countries' innovation factors that are determinant for them to achieve higher levels of development. Also, techniques of comparisons of means and discriminant analysis were applied to check which of these factors should be prioritized for a country to be considered the most competitive one.
A pilot project for investors proposed the MCDA using AHP-Borda. AHP weights are used in PROMETHEE II computations justifying the rank according to the weights. The three MCDA tools used herein provide the possibility of investing according to investors' preference in four different countries groups correlated due to their integrated supply chain in some economic sectors.
A bibliometric study was carried out in 6 academic databases (Emerald, ProQuest, Science Direct, Scopus, Web of Science and Google Scholar). A total of 1,749 publications in these databases were identified. The research in the works not belonging to peer-reviewed publications (gray literature) was analyzed.
This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected through a questionnaire sent to all design houses of the semiconductor industry in Brazil. In addition, the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM).
Data were collected through a survey of KIBS in the Brazilian construction industry and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
The paper is based on a literature review of the literature related to the open-source hardware (OSH) model and the concept of academic entrepreneurship. In addition, the paper presents the main features of the OSH model and discusses its potential as a model of technological innovation and academic entrepreneurship in Brazil.
A qualitative research design was adopted. Four sets of interviews were conducted with individuals involved in the implementation of HRIS in different stages of the implementation process. The analyses of these interviews sought to identify the importance attributed to different aspects regarding the system and how the answers converged and diverged among categories.
The study is based on a quantitative approach, using a survey of justice organizations in Brazil. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS).
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the police officers of Dubai Police. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study is based on the literature review and content analysis of the Indonesian Public Service Innovation Competition 2014-2016. The data were collected from the Ministry of Administrative Reform of the Republic of Indonesia's official website, which is the official website of the competition.
The authors conducted a systematic literature review to understand the current state of the theoretical debate on effectuation and propose a research agenda for future studies.
An exploratory analysis of data from the national research on technological innovation of 2014 (PINTEC 2014) was carried out to discover the patterns of KIBS use in different sectors of the Brazilian economy. This version of PINTEC has data on the innovative activity of Brazilian firms from 2012 to 2014.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the customers of online and offline motorcycle taxi services in Jakarta, Indonesia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) using AMOS 20.0.
The authors proposed a conceptual model based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. The authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables. To test and validate the proposed model, the authors conducted a survey among 30 IT companies in Tunisia to perform both EFA and multiple regression analysis to validate the conceptual model.
This study is based on a case study of the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, which is managed by the Government of Minas Gerais, Brazil. The case study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the case of the innovative management model of the airport was analyzed by means of a literature review. The second phase of the study was based on the analysis of the financial and operational results of the regional airport and the results of a survey conducted with the airport's stakeholders.
This study develops the theme, emphasizing information available on the 2010 Census, which covers a broader range of federal public educational institutions in the country. Employing, to this end, data from the Directory of Public Public Research Groups (Diretor Gruposquisa de Pesquisa DGP) of CNPq, this study identifies the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of public higher educational institutions.
This paper is based on an in-depth case study of four companies that have adopted crowdsourcing as part of their marketing strategy. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the employees of each of the companies.
A case study was carried out in a health-care company in Brazil, using a case study approach. Data were collected through interviews with the managers of the company and the beneficiaries of the health care company, as well as the use of the HealthCRM.
The research adopted the Four Capital Method of Sustainable Development Evaluation to assess the sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. The study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with key informants from the labs. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
The paper is based on a case study of two leading companies in the Brazilian heavyweight vehicle industry. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with managers of the two companies and a comparison with the literature, based upon which the authors develop conclusions.
The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted a survey in the West and Southwest metropolitan regions of the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the top managers of MSEs in each of the two regions. The second phase involved the use of the IR model to identify the degree of innovation in the sample. The data were analyzed using the SPSS software.
In a first stage, the authors surveyed all operations that used funds from the programs Inovacred and Innovative MSMEs, since the creation of BRDE Inova. Next, they sought to identify how players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina, who have used these programs, see the access of knowledge-intensiveMSMEs to innovation financing, especially regarding the required guarantees. From the documentary survey and the interviews conducted herein, a triangulated data analysis was conducted to provide better support for the analysis.
First, the authors carried out a survey in order to obtain information on investments accomplished by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MCTI) in the BSA, and on the number of patents based on data retrieved from the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). Later on, a statistical analysis was carried out, which comprehends the correlation between government investment in BSA and patent applications in the three kinds of patenting: patent of invention, utility model and certificate of addition of invention.
The study was carried out on Waze, a traffic-monitoring app that combines information shared by the users, as the basis of the study. To facilitate the study, Waze was used as a case study. The data were collected by means of an online survey, which was sent to the users of Waze. In total, 1,000 questionnaires were sent out, with a response rate of 20 percent.
The authors build their analysis on a dataset developed by Endeavor Brazil and Sebrae. In total, 2,230 college and university students from 70 HEIs were interviewed between April and May 2016. Five Probit models were developed to identify impacts related to individual traits and systemic conditions on five dimensions of interest: entrepreneurial activity, prospective entrepreneurs, high-impact entrepreneurship, serial entrepreneurship, innovation-driven entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of MFIs in Uganda. The data were analyzed using cluster analysis to identify homogeneous clusters of business process reengineered MFIs. Further, qualitative data were collected from MFIs through semi-structured interviews.
Data were collected from a sample of 100 Brazilian startups and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The authors present primary data from a survey conducted in Brazil with leaders of research groups that interacted with firms. The authors analysed the answers from 662 research groups (from both universities and research institutes) to investigate whether the intensity of private funds affects the results of the interactions. The paper uses an econometric logit model in which the authors test the influence of different sources of funding on the type of result (scientific versus technological), controlling for other variables. To reach the goal, the authors classify interaction results as: scientific: new scientific discoveries and research projects; publications, theses and dissertations; human resources' and students' education; and technological/innovative: new products, artefacts and processes; improvement of industrial products and processes.
The paper presents some scientific, economic and technological indicators on the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017, in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication.
For this purpose, the authors conduct a research of qualitative nature with a descriptive methodological approach and a single case study method, with EMBRAPA being the unit of analysis. The analysis is through the analysis of the organizational structure, organizational chart and the units dispersed strategically nationally and internationally, and the R&D management system.
The research groups database of the Brazilian National Innovation System (DGP/CNPq) was used to identify 1,939 research groups. The data were analyzed by means of a content analysis of patents, licensing agreements and spin-offs. The analysis was carried out in two steps. First, the research groups' names were extracted from the database. Second, the patent applications of each group were analyzed.
A delimitation was carried out in the study of manufacturing companies, from medium to large-sized, located in the Rio Grande do Sul state. Companies were selected by accessibility and convenience. A multiple case study approach was used to analyze the BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process.
This research was conducted in technology-based incubators companies linked to Brazilian universities in the southeast region, more specifically in the state of Minas Gerais. The social network characteristics analyzed in this research were the level of relationships between team members, their closeness, and the levels of intermediation among them. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to the team members of the incubators.
The research is based on a case study conducted by the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local (ADEL - Agency of Local Development in Portuguese) in the semi-arid region of Ceara, Brazil. The data were collected through in-field data collection (semistructured interviews) and using other sources to corroborate with the results obtained. Finally, data were treated with the content analysis technique using resources from the NVIVO 10 software for qualitative research.
To reach the objective of the research, the authors chose to perform a bibliometric review based on the protocol proposed by Cronin et al. (2008), composed of the following steps: formulation of a research question, definition of the criteria for the inclusion and exclusion of articles, selection and access to articles, evaluation of the quality of the literature and analysis, synthesis and dissemination of the results. The bibliometrics review considered articles published in national journals with a classification of intellectual production, according to Qualis da Capes (Coordination for Improvement of Higher Education Personnel), in the evaluation of Public Administration and Business, Accounting and Tourism, in stratum equal to or greater than B1.
The literature on disruptive business models was collected and revised to obtain the state of the art and construct a research agenda related to this theme, also considering, for this purpose, an analysis related to business models and new technologies, which represent the key concepts and segmentation of the main theme of this review.
The sample consists of foreign firms listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for a period of five years (2009-2011). The data were collected from the annual reports of the NYSE's 100 largest foreign firms for the period of 2009-2011. The sample consisted of 1,037 firms, of which 1,081 firms were included in the final sample. The data analysis was performed using the partial least squares method.
To support this proposition, a set of data and arguments are systematized in this paper. The data used are the results of the last edition of the Brazilian Innovation Survey (PINTEC) issued by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics.
The paper is based on a conceptual analysis of ontological and epistemological principles derived from process philosophy. The authors develop two propositions about what they consider to be more process philosophy-oriented research of innovation processes. They also illustrate how these two specific ideas have been put in practice - according to the analysis - in theoretical-empirical studies of innovation process phenomena. Finally, the authors conclude by stressing the potentiality and limitations of process philosophy's potential contributions to innovation process research within organization studies.
The study is based on the evaluation of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the former holders of FAPESP undergraduate, Master and PhD scholarships. The sample was divided into three groups: academic entrepreneurs, nonacademic entrepreneurs and non-entrepreneurs.
This paper presents an analysis of the global scenario of these patents with the evolution of filings over the last 20 years, the main inventors and the kinds of actors - companies, universities and research institutes. It also shows the profile of partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative R&D&I business model.
To analyze consumer behavior toward the selected wearable technology, exploratory qualitative research was conducted, with netnography used to collect data. This methodology aims to study consumer behavior through observations of online communities (Kozinets, 2002, 2010) to discreetly obtain deeper insights into consumers' opinions, motivations, problems and concerns, so as to categorize types of consumers and the values that influence their use and consumption of technology.
A survey was conducted in the Campinas Technological Hub, Sao Paulo state, Brazil, and data were collected through a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data collected.
This study uses the KEYS research instrument (Amabile et al., 1996), which is designed to explore peoples' perceptions of their work environment based on environmental factors related to creativity. The KEYS instrument was used to collect data from employees in industrial companies in Brazil. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the managers of park- based companies (CM), generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review.
This study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
This paper presents a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise. This method also considers competitive intelligence and agile project management techniques to update and coordinate people's involvement.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in the foodservice industry in Brazil. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a literature review was conducted to identify models of innovation adopted by courts through the theoretical lens of the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. The second phase of the study was based on an empirical study of the innovation models adopted by labor courts in Brazil. Data were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to all the labor courts of the State of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted a qualitative analysis of the innovation practices in incubated and post-incubated small TBCs. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the managers of these companies. The second phase was a quantitative analysis of their innovation practices, using a questionnaire survey.
The authors carried out an exploratory case study of four companies, each belonging to an industrial sector whose technological intensity was defined by Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) (2003, 2007) typology.
The research was conducted in the Federal Direct Administration (FDA) of Brazil. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the employees of the FDA. The sample consisted of 1,000 individuals from different levels of the organization. The analysis of the data was performed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
This paper uses a bibliometric approach to analyze the research on organizational innovation from a qualitative and quantitative point of view. This approach is based on bibliometrics, which is a method that originated from the qualitative studies in the field of organizational innovation.
To achieve this purpose, the methodology used was the descriptive qualitative research based on the analysis of two cases. The case subjects were University of Campinas (UNICAMP) and University of Vale do Rio dos Sinos (UNISINOS).
The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature, as well as on the analysis of the most recent studies on the topic, and on the author's own experience in the field.
Data were collected through an online survey, which was distributed to the participants of a crowdsourcing competition in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
A qualitative multiple case study approach was used. Four TPLs were selected for the study. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the CEOs of each of the four companies, as well as a cross-case analysis of the cases.
The authors analyze empirically the relationship between the declining labor share and income inequality, as measured by the Gini coefficient and how this is driven by income shares for quintiles, for 62 countries during the most recent period 1990-2015, using panel data techniques.
The cyclical characteristics of the Argentine economy have been studied using both the traditional measures of the analysis of cycles as well as additional innovative measures that focus primarily on studying expansions.
The authors use various unit root tests that consider linear, non-linear structures and structural breaks to determine whether the initial specifications of the series affect the performance of unit root test results on unemployment hysteresis. The authors also use various tests that focus on the different properties of the time series.
The paper estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality. The method proposes several innovations on Feldman and Slemrod's (2007) strategy to estimate evasion by income source.
This study uses a Bayesian approach to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins of new operations in the banking industry in the context of restructuring.
The authors use the micro-data from the Encuesta Financiera de las Familias (Survey of Household Finances) for the period 2002-2014 to estimate the wealth and consumption distribution. The authors perform an interquantile analysis to determine the extent of the differences (if any) in the estimated coefficients.
The analysis is based on data from the Spanish Household Crime Survey, a household victimisation survey representative of the adult population of England and Wales. The authors use a multinomial logit model to estimate the effect of the economic crisis on the probability of using illegal drugs.
Using a rich data set for a sample of Spanish manufacturing firms, the survey on firms' strategies (EESE), the authors have used an index of management quality, which will serve as a proxy for the good management practices in the firm. Then, the authors will include this variable in the international trade analysis with firm heterogeneity, to compare the relevance of management and productivity in the behaviour of firms in international markets.
Using the Living Conditions Survey, the probability of a non-poor household suffering economic stress (ES) during the Great Recession during the period 2008-2016 is estimated by means of a logit model.
The authors have manually and through automatic procedures gathered information of all the members of the boards of directors of the stock-listed companies in Spain in the timeframe between 2013 and 2017. The authors also explore useful information that companies must complete in their annual reports, they must justify the measures that they have undertaken to improve diversity in their boards. With a text treatment analysis, the authors could quantify the extent to which such responses are similar to the ones presented by the same company in the previous year (percentage of "self-plagiarism") or to the one presented by other companies in the same year (plagarism). The idea is to use quantitative measures obtained through the techniques of text treatment as a sign of interest that companies show a very high percentage of "plagagism" and "self" and precisely those companies with a higher percentage of gender diversity.
The authors applied the artificial neural network (ANN) method to predict financial distress in the Spanish banking system. The authors performed a multivariate discriminant analysis using the logit model, which is a multi-criteria decision-making technique, and then applied the ANN model to predict the financial distress of the financial institutions.
This paper uses a matching frontiers approach to analyse the efficiency of the PESs offices in Spain. In particular, the authors use the data of the Spanish Labour Force Survey for the years 2008-2013. The authors use a two-stage least squares (2SLS) estimator to estimate the efficiency.
The authors use data envelopment analysis (DEA) to construct a non-parametric frontier for all banks in the sample, regardless of their home country. To properly apply the well-known SW econometric approach to the resulting efficiency scores, the authors first examine those variables that might violate the separability condition and apply conditional measures of efficiency accounting for those variables. To that end, the SW approach proposed by Simar and Wilson (2007) has been used in the second stage of the analysis.
The authors estimate the tax gap for the Wealth Tax (WT) and for the Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) by using microdata corresponding to taxpayers in Catalonia for the year 2014. The tax gap is estimated as a share of the potential tax revenues, with a range: 37.95-49.6 per cent in WT and 41.26-44.01 per cent (38.44-44 per cent) in IGT.
This study describes and applies a simple method to obtain estimations for the large majority of census variables, and for the full set of 8,116 municipalities included in the 2011 Census. These estimations are consistent with the published census information. The frame of reference for obtaining variables at the municipal level is the census microdata which is the source of information for all the non-demographic population characteristics.
The analysis focuses on Cali, in the west of Colombia, where the informal sector employs 60 per cent of the workforce. Using the registration of economic activities as a criterion to identify formal and informal firms, the authors identify informal firms when they are not registered in the Chamber of Commerce, in such a way that the percentage of informal firms is 42 per cent. The authors deal with endogeneity issues by using soil information related to earthquake risk which reduces the height of buildings and therefore increases the cost of agglomeration.
The authors propose a novel indicator that relies on an objective aggregation criterion, the P-distance (PD2) method, to which the authors add an interesting methodological modification that enables the dynamic analysis of regional competitiveness, thereby allowing for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years. The period chosen, 2008-2016, similarly allows us to analyze the unequal effects on competitiveness of the different phases of an economic cycle and their impact on the absolute and relative standings of the Spanish ACs.
This paper analyses social inequality in the employment dimension as a multi-attribute decision problem in every Spanish territory with autonomous government, that is, seventeen communities and two autonomous cities, during the crisis (2009-2014) by conducting factor analysis. Four factors related to precarious situations that account for employment exclusion have been extracted. This analysis aims at establishing a statistical criterion to classify autonomous communities and cities and obtain a final ranking.
The authors use data on agri-food and forestry firms from Asturias (Spain), all recipients of subsidies through the Measure 123 for the period 2006-2009. The authors estimate a stochastic frontier function that allows the authors to examine the effect of subsidies on both technical efficiency and technical progress. Moreover, the authors analyze the impact of a set of managerial variables (such as online commerce, quality certificates, organic production and other variables) on firms' productivity.
To this end, the authors have made use of three different measures of corruption. Two of them belong to the so called perception-based indexes. The other is the so-called gravity index. The authors use the data from the World Bank database and the International Monetary Fund database.
The authors use time series techniques to analyse the existence of nonlinearities in the relationship between education and economic growth in Spain for the period 1971-2013.
The results were obtained using a structural vector autoregressive (VAR) analysis where the selection of variables is conditional on the model by Lubik and Schorfheide (2007), which is a prototypical New Keynesian dynamic stochastic general equilibrium (DSGE) model of a small open-economy. This methodological approach has the advantage of letting the data speak for themselves, as the estimation is performed using a reduced-form model, while the economically relevant shock is supported by a widely accepted theory (the prototypical DSGE model).
The authors use a rich data set of administrative records for the test scores, individual backgrounds and adult earnings of a cohort of agents in Chile to estimate the effect of family socioeconomic status (SES) on outcomes over a period spanning the agents' upper secondary education and early years in the labor market. The empirical strategy relies on reduced-form regressions. The authors control for proxies for occupational choices and selection. In addition, the authors explore the effects of SES on outcomes within gender, within test score quintile and within individuals attending the same type of school.
Data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was sent to the top managers of five-star hotels in Spain. The sample consisted of 1,000 questionnaires that were distributed to the managers of these hotels. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
In this study, the GIS-based TOPSIS model was used to identify the axes of regional tourism in Hormozgan Province, Iran. The axes were identified by using a structured questionnaire, which was distributed to the tourism planning bodies of the province. The data collected from the questionnaire were analyzed using GIS techniques, and then the axes were mapped using the TOPS IS model.
This study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with experts from the tourism industry, local communities, local authorities and experts in the field of CBT. In addition, the data were analyzed by means of a thematic analysis.
The research was conducted in the city of Girona, which is a small city located in the north-east of Spain. Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the residents of the city. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The authors use three supervised machine learning classifiers, namely, logistic regression (LR), random forest (LR) and random forest classifier, to perform a segmentation of visitors that travel to Rocha Department during the summer months of 2013-2014. The authors also perform a clustering and classification approach.
The author analiza brevemente una de las sentencias mas relevantes sobre clausulas abusivas en el contrato de transporte aereo de pasajeros, haciendo especial mencion a una of las clausula que mas debate suscito en diferentes tribunales: el cobro por la reemision de la tarjeta de embarque.
The paper explica que el Real Decreto 1065/2007, por el que se aprueba el Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestion e inspeccion tributaria, establece una obligacion de informacion especifica para las personas o entidades, en particular, las denominadas plataformas colaborativas, que intermedien en the cesion del uso de viviendas con fines turisticos.
The authors propose a stochastic model that integrates discrete choice theory with a Markov chain approach to capture conversion probabilities as well as search and revisit durations. To simultaneously capture customer decisions and intra-/inter-visit durations, the authors propose an integrated model. The authors demonstrate the theoretical model using clickstream data obtained from an airline booking website.
This paper presents a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2018) and Figueroa-Domecq et al., (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research.
Data were collected from a sample of tourists visiting a tourist destination in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The authors use the International Passenger Survey (IPS) data for the period 2000-2016 to explore trends in the medical tourism industry in the UK. The authors use this data to identify trends in medical tourism from the perspective of medical tourists from the UK and the UK diaspora.
The theory of planned behaviour (TPB) is applied to analyse outbound medical tourism from Nigeria to India. The interplay between the three major constructs in TPB is chosen to provide answers to the following research questions: Why do Nigerians go to India on medical tourism rather than stay back in Nigeria for their medical needs? What is the perception of (prospective) Nigerian MTs about the relative safety, quality and costs of medical services locally compared with what obtains in India? Can effective use of marketing communication tools by health-care facilities in Nigeria stem the tide of medical tourism by Nigerians to India?
First, within the sample analyzed, the efficiency of each hotel was calculated through the DEA method. The coefficient obtained was then used along with other exogenous variables and control variables in regression analyses against the hotel's foreign to total guest ratio. Potential selection bias due to the method of selecting the final sample from the original data available and the possibility of unobserved hotel foreign market participation was identified through the use of a Heckman selection model throughout the analysis. The results were analyzed by ANOVA based on the sample grouped according to DEA-assessed efficiency, which was also plotted as a non-parametric, Kernel Density distribution showing the distribution of the hotels according to their efficiency level.
The paper uses a multivariate approach to estimate the number of people who make up the service user population of a small coastal municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of thenumber of people (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables statistically associated with population changes affecting a delimited space such as the generation of "Urban Solid Waste" (USW).
The authors use the Granger causality test to test the causal relationship between tourism and economic growth using annual data for the period 1980-2016. In addition, the authors apply the generalized method of moments (GMM) estimator to estimate the impact of tourism on economic growth.
The DEA model was used to measure the efficiency of the 15 EU Member States hospitals while managing non-resident patients including medical tourists for the years 2010-2014. The data were collected from the European Health and Social Survey 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014, 2014/2015 and 2015/2016.
This study uses a case study approach to measure customers' images of Kashmir regions tourism products and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction, to identify specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination's positioning strategy. This study uses the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction as the basis for formulating a destination's branding strategy.
A qualitative case study of four dark tourism sites in Mexico City was conducted. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with key informants at each of the four sites. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data.
The paper is based on a case study of El Puerto de Santa Maria, in the Bay of Cadiz, in Spain, which is a consolidated tourist destination. The data were collected by means of a series of semi-structured interviews with local politicians, local residents, local historians and local residents.
The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, the authors carried out a questionnaire survey of the unemployed of Bahia De Cadiz, in order to determine the level of transversal competences that are included in the training programs for unemployed. The second phase of the study was conducted by means of a questionnaire, which was sent to the unemployed people who participated in one of the programs for employment in Bahia de Cadiz. The data collected were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software.
The study uses a sample of 150 tourists from Kurukshetra, Haryana (India). The data were collected through a structured questionnaire. The data are analyzed using factor analysis and factor percentage analysis.
A questionnaire was used to collect data from a sample of 1,000 olive oil consumers. The data were analysed by means of descriptive statistics and multidimensional analysis.
This study uses a qualitative approach using Fuzzy-VIKOR to understand the perceptions of tourists about tourist destinations that have been affected by terrorism. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with tourists from different tourist destinations in Pakistan. The interviews were recorded and transcribed and analyzed using the qualitative content analysis technique.
The analysis is based on an empirical study carried out in the USA, Canada and the Dominican Republic. The data were collected by means of an online survey and analyzed using the generalized least squares (GLS) method. The model was developed to analyze the determinants of the demand of tourism in Mexico.
To achieve the purposes of this study, the qualitative information given by the promotional website of the Tourism Department of Madrid, the different traditional food markets websites and their respective social media were crucial to obtain data on different profiles and communication strategies. The analysis focuses on the way social media contribute in the positioning of tourist resources that offer experiences and, specifically, the position of the food markets of Madrid.
A diverse methodology applied key elements to identify key elements suitable for localities suitable for ecotourism, characteristics of marginalisation and endowment of natural heritage. The case study relied on various methodologies to analyse 62 localities in the municipality and their potential, using the FAS model (factors, attractors, and support systems), and based on questionnaires, to determine the willingness of local populations to engage with ecot tourism. The community of La Trampa was identified because of its tourist attractions, local organisation and empowerment, and interested local actors.
Three models are proposed: a general model (bilateral flows between Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay and the rest of the world), an intra-bloc model (only tourists flows between countries of origin of tourists, countries which form what the authors define as a sub-regional bloc) and an extra- Bloc model. These models take into account the spatial distribution of tourists arrivals and departures within and between regions.
The epistemological structure of mobilities is discussed in the context of tourism, touring and consumption in the days of terrorism. The epistemology of tourism is discussed as a rite of passage, whose chief goals correspond with the revitalization of the frustrated ego.
For this reason, the authors used an explanatory case study methodology. An "inter-case" comparison has been chosen, because the object of analysis (public policy) has changed over time; furthermore, a content analysis approach was selected so that the subject of this research is the process of implementing this kind of tourism policy. The result is a systematization of the process in stages.
A bibliometric study was carried out in order to investigate the relationship between mobile devices and tourism. In order to do so, a search was performed on the Web of Science, Google Scholar and Scopus databases, as well as on the ISI Web of Knowledge database. The results of the search were then analyzed by means of a bibliographic analysis.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from both teachers and students. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 18.0 software. The second phase of the study was carried out by using a structured questionnaire to collect the data from students and teachers. The questionnaire was distributed to the students and the teachers of the colleges in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi Districts of Karnataka.
This study was conducted in three Asian OUs, namely, University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU), Philippines, Universitas Terbuka (UT), Indonesia and Allama Iqbal Open University, Pakistan. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews, focus group discussions and document analysis.
The SWOT analysis of AIOU was conducted by using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed among the faculty members of the university. The data were analyzed using SPSS and AMOS software.
This study used a mixed-methods approach to examine the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in the Mississippi Career Planning and Assessment System (MS-CPAS) in the state of Mississippi. Data were collected from the Mississippi Department of Education, the Mississippi State University Research and Curriculum Unit (RCU) and a sample of CTE instructors. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, correlation and regression analysis.
In total, three main areas of research were identified for this review: (1) role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, (2) factors influencing self-efficiency in online learning and (3) a framework for strengthening participants' self- Efficiency in Online Education. A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the relevant literature.
The study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the students of the open and distance learning programme of the University of Delhi, India. The sample size for the study was 1,000. The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the students were asked to fill in the questionnaire on their experience of ODL in their MSW programme. The second phase involved the students in the second phase in the form of a self-administered questionnaire.
The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with the experts of ODL institutions in India. The interviewees were selected through purposive sampling. The interviews were conducted in two phases, i.e. pre- and post-interview.
This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from graduates of ODL programs at Universitas Terbuka Indonesia (UTI) in Indonesia. The sample size for this study consisted of 1,000 graduates of the ODL program of UTI. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This paper is based on a case study of mobile learning opportunities (m-learning) in open and distance learning. The data were collected from the PhD students of a university in Greece. The students were asked to describe their visions of the future of m-learning in the field of LA.
This study analyzes open universities and compares National Open University (NOU) Taiwan and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners.
The study is based on both exploratory and descriptive methods using a case study approach to assess the role of ICT in disseminating higher education in tribal communities by ODL by using it as a strategy taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP), India.
Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS).
The data were collected from the teachers and students of ODL and conventional universities. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0 software. The students' and teachers' knowledge and use of the Bloom's digital taxonomy were compared.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the university students of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0.
This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various MOOC platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored. This study is based on a content analysis of the MOOCs offered by CourserA.
This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature published in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India during 1970s and 1980s, 1990s and 1990s. The selected journals were selected on the basis of a systematic search in the ISI Web of Science database.
This study was conducted under the IPA-CSI methodology. The sample consisted of graduates from the Makassar Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka, Indonesia. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire. The respondents were graduates and the dependent variables were students' performance, future career and loyalty. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
Two institutions were investigated in this study, namely the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia, both of which are legacies of the 1980s during which open universities were established in many countries to respond to the needs for higher education worldwide. This study was made possible by the AAOU Inter-University Staff Exchange Fellowship 2019 offered by OUSL. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with faculty members from both institutions.
The research method used in this study is quantitative research, which is based on a questionnaire survey. The sample used in the study is the students of the Faculty of Business Administration at the University of Indonesia (Universitas Tangerang (UNI), which is a public university in South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The population of this study consists of 1,000 students. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire, which was distributed to the students in the faculties of UNI. The respondents were asked to fill out the questionnaire, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a random sample of 400 O-levels chemistry students in the metropolis city of Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to analyze the data.
- The study adopted a case study approach. The selected group of students and teachers from the Department of Law (DLS) of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) were used for case studies. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus groups.
The study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the students of various universities in India and the responses were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software.
A qualitative phenomenological approach was used to understand the experience of graduate students participating in a creative collaborative group project in a master's level course of a fully online distance education (DE) course offered by the University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU) through distance learning.
This study adopted a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the participants in the game. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
- Primary data have been collected from the teachers who are supervising research theses or projects in DL. Semi-structured interviews have been used for data collection with informed consent. Grounded theory has been used as qualitative technique for exploring the issues and challenges in research supervision.
A survey was conducted to collect data from Japanese universities' writing centers to assess the design and development of e-learning and online tutoring for academic writing support. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis.
In this paper, a machine learning model is developed to predict the students' learning performance based on the data collected from the online learning platform. The model is based on a set of learning behaviors generated by the learners' interaction with the operating platform during the learning process, and is mainly recorded and stored in real time by the learning platform database and other tools. Data normalization and eigenvalue discretization are used to improve the prediction accuracy of the model, so data preprocessing and prediction accuracy can be improved.
The paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by the School of Social Work (SOSW) to provide effective field work supervisee supervision. The paper also discusses the methodologies employed by the SOSW to supervise the field work practice.
This paper describes the course design and teaching practice in STEAM education at distance via an interactive e-learning platform, KidsProgram, under the guidance ofSTEAM education. The course design is based on a case study approach.
This study adopted a qualitative research approach to develop a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education. In this study, the authors conducted a series of semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of open education, including teachers, students and researchers. The interviews were conducted in two stages. In the first stage, the experts were asked to provide their opinions and suggestions for the development of the framework. The second stage of the study was conducted in the context of a case study.
The study adopted a qualitative research approach using semi-structured interviews with APEL-A assessors from Wawasan Open University (WOU) in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique.
The authors conducted a systematic review of SSCI journal articles on recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. The authors identified the articles that fall within the scope of both "recommendation" and "e-learning" and included them in the systematic review. The articles were selected based on the following criteria: the articles were published in the period of 2014-2018.
This study is based on the framework designed by the OU5 research team (2017) to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and on employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduate students in particular. A questionnaire survey was used to collect the data. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of employers in the university. The employers were asked to rate the five sets of skills that they consider important and satisfactory and to rate their overall employer satisfaction on the university's postgraduate graduates.
The study adopted a quantitative approach using a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of students who attended the orientation sessions held at the ZOU Midlands Regional Campus. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, correlation analysis, and content analysis.
The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase of the study, a questionnaire was designed and administered to the students of social work programmes offered through ODL. The second phase of study was conducted using a structured questionnaire to collect data from the respondents. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 18.0.
This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on assessment rubrics for ODL courses. It is a conceptual paper that discusses the design, implementation and impact of the innovative assignment rubrics.
A random sample of students is taken from a couple of business and engineering students by distinguishing them into public- and privately-owned universities. A mediated regression analysis, using Baron and Kenny's (1986), Sobel's (1982), and Preacher and Hayes' (2004) approaches, is conducted to establish the mediation role of students' engagement for the presumed direct relationship between teachers' and system's effort and students' development.
The design-based research framework used in this study embeds the evaluation and testing of the solution phase (Phase 3) within the development of the mobile application (Phase 2) as these two phases are interconnected and run concurrently. Owing to the iterative cycles of the design- based research, the findings of the testing phase were collected from five groups of stakeholders: content experts, educational technologists, developer, novice users and researchers before the delivery of the first cycle.
This paper is based on a case study of the UK Open University (UKOU), which is a representative ODE institution in the UK. Through a qualitative approach, this paper describes how the introduction of new technologies have affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed.
This study adopted a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with educators in Asian higher education institutions. The data were analysed using the grounded theory approach.
This study uses a mixed-methods approach. The authors conducted a questionnaire survey to collect data from the students of the Open University of Hong Kong (OUHK) in Hong Kong. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and multiple regression analysis.
Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from the students of a distance education (DE) institute in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique.
The research method used in this study is based on a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the HRD staff of Hanoi Open University (HOU) in order to assess the effectiveness of current HRD at HOU to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance training quality and effectiveness.
This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on smart learning analytics (Smart LA) and its application in education. A total of 20 case studies were identified and reviewed.
The paper reports on a small investigation of attitudes to these issues from a roundtable of Open University Presidents, Rectors and Vice Chancellors who met in 2017 in Toronto, and identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions.
The paper is based on the review of the literature and the author's personal experience in the field of higher education in India.
A three-part genre analysis of the "About Us" sections of the AAOU members' websites was conducted. First, a move analysis was conducted to identify the rhetorical moves used to achieve the communicative purpose of the sections. Second, a keyword analysis was done to identify overused and underused keywords. Finally, a concordance analysis was performed to reveal the contexts wherein words were used by AAOU member universities in order to make sense of social realities.
A case study approach was adopted. The data and processes were taken from the full-time learning mode of the university. The quality tools used in this study were the FMEA and process mapping tools.
A survey was conducted to collect data from the database students. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA, and regression analysis.
This paper constructs a platform element concept framework including teacher integration module, demand module, resource integration module and management module based on the existing theories of mobile learning, ubiquitous learning and open education. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework.
This paper adopts a qualitative research approach. The data were collected through a series of semi-structured in-depth interviews with the participants of MOOCs in the context of Universitas Terbuka (Indonesia). The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis technique.
The research has created both qualitative and quantitative frameworks of academic excellence and its dimensions in Universitas Terbuka milieu with respect to their links extended from a comprehensive analysis of educational perspective and student behavior. The framework was validated using SEM through assessing empirical data by assessing the survey survey of 184 respondents (Universitas terbuka registered students domiciled overseas).
A case study was conducted at Wawasan Open University (WOU) in Penang, Malaysia, to investigate the integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of the LMS. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of LMS users and a focus group discussion with the administrative support staff.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted among the undergraduate students of the Open University of Sri Lanka's (OUSL) Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) degree. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0.
Based on Koole's (2009) Framework for the Rational Analysis of Mobile Education (FRAME) model, this study evaluates the potency of mobile learning in nursing education with a specific focus on the aspects of device usability, interaction learning, and social technology. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with nursing students and their teachers. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data.
This paper reviews a collection of relevant studies on conceptions of learning, which covered various responses from students and teachers in Taiwan through interviews, questionnaires, and drawings. It captures their conceptions in diverse educational stages and angles, in the settings of conventional classroom learning and technology-enhanced learning environments.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the adult learners of an ODL institution in Malaysia. The data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistics as the main analytical tools.
The study utilized two types of feedback methods, i.e. open-ended and closed-ended questionnaires, to collect data from the students. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 22.0.
This paper proposes an empirical framework and a mainstreaming checklist for systematically and holistically mainstreaming OER in an academic institution. The empirical framework is formulated using relevant literature, case studies and personal experience. The checklist is based on a systematic review of the literature and case studies.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on open scholarship, open educational resources (OER) and open educational practices (OEP). It also draws on the work of researchers and practitioners in the field of open scholarship.
This paper gives a systematic review of the mounting research work on LA that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of ODL institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies. It presents a meta-analysis of relevant empirical studies which shows the effect of intervention for at-risk students based on the use of LA.
The present study was carried out with 456 (35 percent) prospective BSc undergraduates at first registration at the Colombo Regional Centre (CRC) in the 2013/2014 academic year. The survey explores the existing knowledge on ODL concepts of these prospective students while also attempting to get an insight into the socio-economic background characteristics of these students, in the view that the findings of the study will help ODL managers/administrators to make future direction of the BSc degree program.
The paper presents part of an on-going research focused on analyzing students' behavior in a blended learning environment. Hundreds of activity logs for each student were collected, filtered and analyzed using a machine learning technique known as vector space model (VSM). The paper also describes some prototypical coding trajectories generated using these logs, look on probable relationship to student's overall course performance and finally on effects teaching and learning in blended environments.
In this paper, the authors will explain and illustrate how the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) at the OUM implements quality assurance (QA) in the print module development at various stages. The authors will also touch on the quality management system (QMS) established in CiDT since it was first awarded the MS ISO 9002:2008 certification in 2005. Finally, they will look into the satisfaction level of learners with OUM's learning material.
The study was conducted in the Bengkulu Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka (UT) in the second semester of 2013 and the first semester of 2015. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The diffusion of innovation theory was used to analyze the students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority and laggards.
For this exploratory qualitative study, the data collection was done once from multiple groups, hence it was a cross-sectional study. Focus group was conducted with students and interviews were used to collect data from faculty members. The collected data were recorded and transcribed and thematic and content analysis was used to draw conclusions.
A multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model (MOPs) is developed for the purpose of analysing and classifying the data. The proposed model is based on the evolutionary algorithm (EAL) approach, which is a set of algorithms developed by the authors to optimise the performance of the proposed soft computing approach in the context of educational data mining (DM).
A questionnaire was developed and administered to a random sample of distance learners in Wawasan Open University. The questionnaire consisted of three sections. The first section of the questionnaire was designed based on the existing literature review on profiling information-seeking behaviour among distance learners. The second section was developed based on a review of relevant literature. The third section was designed to investigate the profiling of information- seeking behaviour of distance learning students in the context of the university.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the students following the bachelor's degree programmes offered by the FET of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). The questionnaire was distributed to the students of the BTech and BIS degree programmes at the Faculty of Engineering Technology (FET) of the OUSL.
The paper is based on a case study of UPOU's International Health Program in the Philippines. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with faculty and students of the program, as well as through focus group discussions.
The study used a mixed-methods approach, including a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with student-teachers and a focus group discussion.
This study used a mixed-methods approach. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the current state of mobile-friendly OERs in the Philippines. Second, a questionnaire was developed to collect data from the users of the proposed mobile solutions. Third, a pilot study was carried out to evaluate the usability of the mobile solutions using a case study. Finally, a survey was conducted with the users to determine their opinions on the usability and usability of these solutions.
A minimum spanning tree is constructed based on the distances among online learning resources. Outliers are removed according to the density of each resource, which is measured by using Euclidean distance. The degree of freedom for each resource is subsequently calculated based on its structure. The resource with the largest value ofdegree of freedom will be considered as the initial centroid of the cluster. A clustering algorithm is proposed based on this scheme. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms is evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set.
Four aspects of research trends were analysed: research issues and topics, including the research areas covered in published research work, and the keywords indicated by the author; the research methods used by ODL researchers; the patterns of authorship and ways of developing collaborative research; and the target group or population to whom the researchers address their research questions. ODL research articles published in refereed research journals in 2005 and 2015 were analysed.
The proposed system is designed with concepts and relationships organization can be a valuable means to highlight the essential aspect of the course of what is important and need to be learned. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge of interest. However, to make it accessible for the ontological structure designed, a semantic forum system is proposed as a front end mechanism in bringing the learning experience to the next level.
The ILES is implemented in three phases. The first phase consists of video demonstrations (first phase of ILES) and the second phase of laboratory experiment setup (third phase) provides facilities to perform experiments individually and remotely. In the first phase, video demonstrations are provided for the students to understand laboratory experiments and the ORL provides facilities for them to repeat the experiment if they need more experience. The third phase of IELS provides the facilities for students to perform the experiments individually or remotely.
This paper is a case study of the development of iRadio OUM as a quality audio learning material provider at OUM. The case study is based on interviews with staff of the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) and the management of the university.
This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. The research, which was a part of the university's open educational research initiatives which started in year 2012, focused on the involvement of the library as an organisational unit, and of individual librarians and other information technology staff to set up two web portal repositories using the Japanese open source software.
This study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius who were enrolled in a transnational online tutor and mentor programme offered by The Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). The data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
The study was conducted on postgraduate students at the Open University Malaysia (OUM), the first and premier open and distance learning (ODL) university in Malaysia. The data were collected through an Importance-Satisfaction Survey administered on a random sample of 1,000 students. The overall importance and satisfaction means were used as the origins of the importance-satisfaction grid. The quadrant and gap analysis method was used to identify the "selling points" and "critical points" of the services and facilities.
This study used a mixed methods approach, i.e. qualitative and quantitative, as part of mixed methods research design. The qualitative research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire was developed and distributed to the faculty members of Universitas Terbuka (UT). In the second phase, the data were collected through a structured interview, using the IPA-CSI procedure. The data were analysed using the structural equation modelling technique.
This paper is a case study of how peer-facilitated discussions affected the OEReL process of the participants, what factors supported and hindered peer- facilitation activities, and what challenges were faced by them during the process. The study adopted a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with the participants.
This paper presents the factors from the relevant literature leading to effective teaching of MOOCs, and the extent to which these factors were adopted in MOOC providers' teaching practices. An empirical evaluation is conducted to find out to what extent these factors can be identified in existing MOOC courses. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from MOOC instructors.
Data were collected from a sample of patients referred to Community Mental Health Teams (CMHTs) supporting people with more serious mental health conditions that cannot be treated in primary care settings. Data were collected using a self-report questionnaire from patients who had been referred to CMHTs by a social prescribing link worker. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis.
This study uses the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach to test the proposed model. The data were collected from a sample of Islamic bank customers in Malaysia.
The authors use the accounting data of GCC sukuk issuing firms for the period 2005-2016. The authors regressed suKuk amount on capital structure determinants to examine if sukUK issuance is explained by either the trade-off theory or the pecking order theory. They also perform the fund flow deficit model and the target level debt model to test the pecks order model.
By applying the panel one-step generalized method of moments (CAMELS) method, this study estimated the relationship between economic growth and financial performance of Islamic banks in a frame of the endogenous growth model.
The paper is based on a review of the literature and the author's own experience in the field of international monetary reform.
This study utilized primary data collection by conducting interviews with experts comprising professional accountants/consultants and experienced traders. Also, observations were made in some selected stores and shops that were believed to be financially included.
- The paper is based on the analysis of Maqasid al-Shari'ah in the corpus of classical waqf jurisprudence and the resultant rulings of the rulings in the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf. In particular, the paper adopts a critical analysis of the basic principles of waqaf and their interrelationship with the principles of Shari'a.
A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the relevant studies on the impact of Shari'ah governance mechanism on firm performance in the Islamic banking context. The selected studies were categorized into three main categories, i.e. SSB, SG, and firm performance, and then, the relationships between them were examined.
The paper applies a panel econometric approach to bank-level balance sheet and macrolevel data for Saudi Arabia spanning 2000-2015. It extends the baseline model to address several questions key to Saudi Arabia.
The authors use state-of-the-art methods including, content, descriptive and exploratory case study analyses to produce the model of ISWFs. The authors use the term "Islamic Sovereign Wealth Fund" for 80 SWFs around the world that consists of 80 countries.
The methodology of this paper is critical review of literature. This includes a case study of Peterborough SIB which is compared with recent SRI development within the Islamic finance industry, specifically the SRI sukuk. From the case study, as an output, the paper analyses a general SIS structure and highlights key lessons for the future development of SRI in Islamic finance.
The study is based on a literature review and case study. The case of Saudi Industrial Development Fund (SIDF) KAFALH, which is designed to provide guarantees for small and medium enterprise (SME) loans, is used as an example to illustrate the proposed model.
In the context of lab experiments and for the purpose of comparison, the bonus and trust contracts are used as a proxy for the equity contracts, whereas the incentive contract is used for the debt contract. In the paper, the reciprocity is excelled in the presence of reputation in the equity contract.
This study uses a sample of Shariah-compliant IPOs listed on Bursa Malaysia from 1997 to 2016. The data were collected from the Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) of Malaysia, which is a voluntary Shariah screening process conducted by the Securities Commission of Malaysia (SC) before firms going public. This study uses the ordinary least squares (OLS) approach to estimate the IPO underpricing.
- For more than five decades, Forecasting International has conducted an ongoing study of the forces changing our world. In the 1980s, we condensed what we had learned into a list of trends we had seen at work in the world. We have updated that list frequently in the years since. For each study we undertake, we compare the specific circumstances of the industry, organization, or country with our trends and see how the two interact. The results have been gratifyingly accurate. In all, according to one of our clients, no fewer than 95% of our specific predictions based on an earlier version of this list proved correct.
The Venetian's promotional material is analyzed through the lens of the experience economy and authenticity, focusing on the key concepts of authenticity and experience. The study uses content analysis to analyze promotional material from the resort's web site, press releases, brochures and other promotional materials.
This study is based on a qualitative research design. In total, 12 semi-structured interviews were conducted in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. The data were analysed using qualitative content analysis.
This study uses a mixed method approach to derive attributes that assess the benefits of interaction. The study first deploys a qualitative approach, which results in five streams of expected benefits associated with personal interactions; these consist of friendliness, social, information, curiosity and service by using hotels as the study setting. The benefit dimensions may be further grouped into two benefit categories: civility and utility.
Data were collected using a structured questionnaire from a convenience sample of tourists visiting the National Museum in Ghana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
- Data were collected from a sample of employees of a Fortune 500 company that implemented a comprehensive wellness program in the workplace. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
An online survey was used to collect data from a convenience sample of restaurant employees working in the USA. The sample consisted of employees who were employed in the restaurant industry of different positions, length of tenure and training levels. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This study uses integrative literature review and content analysis as a research methodology approach to explore digital marketing and tourism in Africa as a case study.
This research was conducted at an HBCU in southern USA, a co-educational, residential institution that provides on-campus housing for 3,000 students. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 residential and non-residential students at the university. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data.
A survey was conducted to collect data from a convenience sample of hotel customers in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the research model.
A survey was conducted to collect data from culinary fans and critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S., Orlando (a metropolis in central Florida) and Orlando, Florida (the state overall). The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
Based on an extensive literature review, a set of introductory HRI guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots is proposed. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to leisure tourists visiting the Mount Kilimanjaro National Park in Tanzania. The sample consisted of 1,000 respondents. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
Data were collected from the Indiana Gaming Commission during the Great Recession of 2007-2009. Data were analyzed using the slot coin-in and table drop models to determine gaming volume and employment levels.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of school food service providers in a rural Florida school district that had contracted out its school meal operations to a private provider. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and regression analysis.
This study employed a quantitative approach to test the hypotheses. Data were collected from a convenience sample of 1,000 restaurant guests in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data and test the research model.
Data were collected from a convenience sample of QSR consumers in the USA using a self-administered online survey. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses.
This study used a quantitative approach to examine gender differences in motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to participants who had attended a festival in the past six months. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
An exploratory study and a field experiment were conducted to examine the impact of music and mood in the service environment on consumers' evaluations of service and product quality.
Data were collected from a sample of hotel websites across the USA using a web-based survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, ANOVA, t-tests and multiple regressions.
Based on research findings from the demand perspective and the literature review, the authors constructed an urban MICE competitiveness indicator system from the perspective of the supply side and performed principal component analysis. Based on the findings of Chen (2014) and other scholars, this research designed counterpart statistical indicators to empirically analyze CMCA member cities and enriched the research on urban Mice competitiveness from the supplyside.
This paper is a two-part study. The first part of the study is a literature review of the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process for hospitality programs. The second part is a case study of two hospitality programs that have implemented the process.
Part 1 of this article includes an introduction to the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process and the first three steps of the process. Part 2 includes steps four through seven of the processes and the conclusion. The experience of two hospitality programs was used as the basis for this research.
This paper is based on in-depth interviews with Japanese chefs and restaurateurs of Japanese restaurants in Hong Kong. The interview data were analyzed using a thematic approach.
Data were collected from 103 restaurant customers using a self-administered questionnaire. Structural equation modelling was used to test the proposed model.
A survey was administered to a sample of undergraduate golf management students enrolled in the PGA Golf Management University Program (PGA-GMUP) at a mid-western university in the USA. The survey included measures of college GPA, career goals specific to the student's desire to become a PGA professional, faculty engagement, satisfaction with major, involvement in the student association, and intention to persist.
Data were collected through an online survey, which was administered to a convenience sample of US millennial consumers. The sample consisted of 1,000 respondents. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
This study uses sentiment analysis to analyze a large data set of employee job satisfaction comments from a hospitality resort organization to explore which factors impact job satisfaction with an in-depth analysis of comments written in Spanish from employees working in a primarily English-speaking hospitality organization.
This study conducts a systematic review of previous works to facilitate theory development and uncover new areas where more deep research is needed. Geoeconomics theory is used to run a more profound and comprehensive analysis of China-Pakistan economic relationship as geoeconomic theory includes interrelations of geographical, location, geopolitical and economic factors in international relations. Geoeconomic theory, as a foreign policy strategy, refers to the use of economic theory to facilitate the implementation of foreign policy.
A total of 123 students participated on the EMI course in the year studied, all were from Taiwan and aged between 18 and 22, and from this group, 121 effective questionnaires were gathered. The students were studying at undergraduate level, and most were studying Transportation Management, although some were studying Aerospace and System Engineering, Foreign Language and Literature or Finance. They were mostly first year undergraduates although students from later years also participated. Also, expert stakeholders teaching EMI, teaching English or working as shipping operators were interviewed to gather their perceptions and to contextualize the quantitative findings. In this paper, the authors use the mathematical approach of IPA (Martills and James, 1977) and qualitative interviews (Qu and Dumay, 2011).
This paper is based on an empirical case study of Greece, which is one of the largest ship owning and controlling nations in the world, with a market share of 17.3%, with 774 ships registered under its national flag and 3,597 registered in foreign flags (UNCTAD, 2018). In total, 30,920 Greek seafarers, who normally work onboard Greek merchant ships, participated in this study.
The data are collected by means of the stated preference (SP) method with the application of a web-based questionnaire. Multiple answers are collected from each respondent. Hence, panel effects between answers are considered so as to obtain a robust model.
This study uses a panel data set of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries (SAARC) countries for the period from 1990 to 2018. The authors use the panel data approach to estimate the impact of the blue economy factors on economic growth.
This study uses the Engle-Granger cointegration methodology to estimate the long-run relationship between fish production, marine trade balance and foreign direct investment in Oman.
The study analyzes valid records of 2,653 detained ship with 6,374 deficiencies based on a strategic management approach. This paper sets up FTA technique to assess detention probability of a random ship which calls the Black Sea Region with the help of detention lists published within subject years. Interrelationships of deficiencies and frequency calculations are conducted by using FTA method. With help of probability theory, the likelihood/frequency of detention probability is assessed from the published records of the BS MoU.
This study adopted the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and Fuzzy AHP (FAHP) methods to investigate multimodal transportation systems that use TSR from the perspective of Korean logistics companies in practice. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from logistics companies and shippers that operate multimodality transportation via TSR. The data were analyzed using the AHP and FAHP methods.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the respondents in Shanxi and Sichuan provinces in China. The data were analyzed using the importance-performance analysis (IPA) model to identify the priorities for improving the inland logistics service attributes. An IPA model was used to replace the "performance variable" variable with a dissatisfaction attitude index (DA) index to determine the priorities in improving inland logistics services.
The authors used the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development's liner shipping connectivity index (LSCI) for 157 coastal economies and territories in 2016 to estimate the direct and spillover effects. The authors applied the standard gravity model to determine the relationship between imports/exports flow and LSCI from a national perspective.
Based on organizational information processing theory (OIPT), this study proposes a conceptual model to investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, collaborative decision-making and logistics service performance for container shipping firms. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data, and structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
This study uses a metafrontier framework to measure the productivity of 21 major shipyards in China, South Korea and Japan. The technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in these three countries are also measured and compared.
This study developed and validated a measurement instrument of perceived port aesthetics using structural equation modeling. Data were collected from a convenience sample of tourists who had visited Hong Kong's harbor cruise industry.
A hybrid method combining the Delphi method and a fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) is used to seek a valid and reliable hierarchical framework for analyzing SC attributes, as well as for the evaluation of driver attributes for cruise ship performance improvements.
The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly between main routes and feeder services at a terminal.
The population of candidate solutions to the problem of interest, initialized in the island-based metaheuristic, is divided into several sub-populations to establish a set of islands. Each sub-population is assigned a separate Metaheuristic algorithm, including the evolutionary algorithm, particle swarm optimization (PSO), particle swarm estimation of distribution, evolutionary evolutionary algorithm (EA), differential evolution algorithm (EDA), and differential evolution (DEA). Each island deploys a unique set of operators, which is expected to facilitate the search process for superior solutions and improve the quality of berth schedules.
The authors focus on the evaluation of average performance measures under queuing phenomena by means of analytical methods. The suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas are worthy of investigation. The consideration of about 40 years of research results obtained in other application domains appears to be the first step to be taken.
The current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas is analyzed through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey, and the modal splits model is used to analyze the demand of the multimodal transportation system.
This study attempts to fit a logit model for dry bulkers transporting grains through the Panama Canal versus alternative routes destined to East Asia, originating on the US Gulf and East Coast, pursuing to identify relationships with several explanatory variables, such as total Panama Canal costs, transit draft, Canal Water Time, bunker price and timecharter rates.
The DST is designed to include as input data a variety of technical parameters regarding the export/liquefaction and import/regasification terminals and the vessels. All those components of the midstream LNG supply chain may be combined in numerous configurations under specific constraints imposed to the objective function, at the core of the mathematical model. The case study presented in the current paper has validated the functionality of the proposed model with the use of realistic input data.
This paper is based on a review of the literature and case studies of the autonomous surface ships (MASS) in the marine industry. It also reviews the legal issues that need to be addressed by IMO.
A mixed methods case study approach is adopted to analyse performance change over time. Here productivity, profitability and traffic shift-share growth are measured for selected ports within the state-owned port system. Qualitative sources are then referenced to contextualise the change in observed productivity in terms of external environmental and internal managerial factors that influenced the changes in observed performance.
This paper adopts a qualitative research approach to investigate the EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the EU to repeal the conference system; in addition, an empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference systems in Taiwan.
The authors develop a model and empirically test it by applying both the institutional theory and the factor-mobility theory. The authors argue that the development of transportation infrastructure has direct and/or indirect (mediating) effects on the average income per person and on business performance in an economy. Furthermore, the authors estimate the mediating effect of transportation in mediating the effect of institutions on average income.
A literature review was conducted to identify risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry. A set of interviews and two questionnaire surveys were conducted to investigate the effectiveness of these strategies. The fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method was used to rank the strategies according to their overall effectiveness and to identify the most important strategies.
First, the magnitude of additional empty container movements (AECM) is calculated on the basis of TEU and then compared with AECM of each container terminal located in Turkey. Second, the importance of market effect has been inquired. Third, seasonal adjustment methods have been used to detect seasonal signals.
In this paper, a heuristic algorithm is developed to solve the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and outside carrier selection. The proposed algorithm is based on Tabu Search and Genetic Algorithm. The algorithm is solved by iteratively searching the solution space to find the best solution.
A mathematical model and the solution methodology developed by El Noshokaty is used to optimize a stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective for the time-variable ship voyage. It also applies sensitivity and what-if analysis if there are any possible changes that might happen to cargo quantity and freight, cargo handling rate and charges, and ship speed and fuel consumption. The same analysis is used when the stoChastic cargo transport demand can't be anticipated. A case study is given to demonstrate a possible magnitude of the implication of the stochastically gross-profits per day objective.
This study uses a two-stage approach. First, a model is developed to estimate the effect of China's potential domestic emission control area (DECA) with 0.1% sulphur limit on SO2 emissions from ships. Second, the model is applied to the proposed DECA. The model is based on the model developed by Smith et al. (2014).
Four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysian seaports to be a hub for tourism activities. The four main components are: underutilised berths, inter-port cooperation between commercial seapport and cruise terminals, the existence of intra- Region economic corridor which consists of northern, central, central and central and east coast economic corridor and the development of inter- Region Economic Corridor.
A typology of elements that shape port users' perceptions has been developed with an eye on capturing the peculiarities of different port markets. Based on this typology a tool for assessing users' perspectives, and subsequently for evaluating any given port, is developed. As port evaluation is a case-sensitive issue, the tool provides port authorities the flexibility they need for a customized approach. The tool has been applied on a group of European seaports.
This study combines a literature review and an empirical part based on desk research and interviews. The empirical part is based on interviews with experts in the field of intermodal transport in Europe.
A cluster attractiveness index was developed based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of the port of Piraeus' maritime cluster members. The index was then used to identify the factors which add value and enhance the cluster's performance. In addition, a cluster performance analysis was carried out to identify factors which enhance the attractiveness of the cluster.
The paper is based on a review of the existing laws and regulations governing the inland container transportation process in the USA. The paper also reviews the legal provisions governing the liability of the carrier and the shipper for mis-declaration of cargo details.
The study is based on the results of a fuel availability study that was conducted by CE Delft (2016). The aim of the study was to assess the ability of the refining industry to produce enough low sulfur fuel for the shipping industry that could cover the demand once the regulations are set in force. Alternative methods of compliance were taken into account for the calculations of the expected demand of compliant fuel in 2020. The study examined three scenarios of the fuel demand, a base case, a high-demand case for marine fuels with sulfur content less than 0.5 per cent and a low- demand case in which more ships will be equipped with alternative compliance options and less are going to use low sulfur fuels.
This paper is based on a review of the available literature. It is a qualitative study. The authors have adopted a case study approach to explore the CPEC-Gwadar Port security.
The analysis is based on an extensive literature review of the Swedish case, as well as the results of a survey of Swedish ports. The analysis is conducted in two steps. First, the authors analyse the existing infrastructure fees and taxes based on marginal external costs that are already applied or under discussion for all modes of freight transport in Sweden. Second, they analyse the potential for the internalisation of these costs via the introduction of new fees.
This paper is based on an extensive literature review of the various policies, incentives and measures that have been adopted by inter-governmental organizations, regional and national institutions and private associations for the reduction of shipping emissions to air.
A model of compliance determinants is developed inductively from qualitative data analysis and a review of prior studies. Empirical testing is done with data from 120 questionnaires distributed to owners and operators of commercial vessels in the North and Baltic Sea area.
This paper is part of a broader research effort to develop a BPM methodological framework for the port sector. The multidimensional nature of the topic dictates the necessity to obtain a holistic view of existing knowledge, focusing on the three thematic areas: process management at ports and maritime logistics; port electronic platforms; and port performance. In this context, this paper seeks to answer three key research questions: Has the potential application of BPM been researched in the portsector? Can electronic data interchange (EDI) platforms be utilized to discover and improve port processes? Do current port performance evaluation approaches incorporate the procedural factor?
This study estimates the overall efficiency changes at 23 major Asian container ports for the period from 2000 to 2007. It also decomposes the sources of such changes into purely technical, scale and technological efficiency gains by using the Malmquist index equation from Estache et al. (2004).
This study proposes a mathematical model to determine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal moorings to reduce the illegal transferring and subletting of private moorING spaces. The model is based on a case study of Hong Kong, which has a total of 46 private muring areas for berthing private yachting.
A case study, based on study work for the Port of Antwerp (Belgium), is presented, where the effect of a passing ship on a container vessel moored at a quay wall in a restricted channel is simulated numerically for varying passing distance and speed. The passing ship effect is simulated using potential software RoPES. The behaviour of the moored ship is calculated in the time domain using Vlugmoor.
This study is based on a cross-country comparative study of GCC countries, where the marine production manufacturing is measured as a dependent variable in the GDP and GDP per capita. The dependent variable is GDP, and the independent variables are marine production and GDP. The independent variables of marine production are GDP, while the dependent variables are gross domestic product (GDP) and the dependent variable are GDP per unit of GDP. In addition, the independent variable of GDP is marine production, which is measured by the Marine Production Index (MPI).
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from ferry passengers in Hong Kong and Macau. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling to test the hypotheses.
This paper reviews literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. In updating the concentration and deconcentration factors compiled by Ducruet et al. (2009b), the aim is to understand how these factors evolve over time and identify a future research agenda for peripheral ports.
This study adopted a mixed-methods research design. First, a literature review was conducted to identify the current status of the professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain in Hong Kong. Second, a questionnaire survey was carried out to collect data on the current level of professional education in the industry. Third, a survey was conducted on the logistics professionals in the Hong Kong Maritime Logistics and Supply Chain Industry to investigate their views on professionalization. Finally, a focus group discussion was conducted with logistics professionals to explore their views and opinions on the issue of professionalization in the logistics and logistics education.
A wicked problem approach is used to analyze the nature of cyberattacks on ships and ports. The authors use the concept of a "wicked problem" to describe the complexity and complexity of the security breach and its impact on the shipping industry and port operations.
The study is based on a case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key actors in the supply chain (SC) of a leading offshore oil and gas company in the High North of Norway.
The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on the subject. The main sources of information are the World Trade Organisation reports, official statistics and official reports of the European Union, the International Trade Organization and the International Maritime Organization.
The research methodology uses information for shipping services that are deployed on the Asia-Europe trade route and focused on the three major container transshipment hubs in Southeast Asia which are Singapore, Port Klang and Tanjung Pelepas. The data were collected from the liner shipping industry as well as from the ports involved.
A total of 28 service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services in Chennai have been identified through an extensive literature review and exploratory factor analysis. The SERVQUAL scale has been used to measure the importance of the factors. The data have been collected through a structured questionnaire from the freight forwarders in Chennai. The study has used the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) technique to analyse the data.
This study adopted a qualitative research design. The authors conducted in-depth semi-structured interviews with senior managers of leading maritime logistics firms in the USA and the UK. The data were analyzed using a grounded theory approach.
This study uses the cluster approach to analyse the potential of Istanbul's maritime sector. The cluster approach is based on Porter's Diamond Theory, which is a global competition tool which is used not only by industrial sectors but also by service sectors such as logistics, maritime transportation and ports. Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage.
A non-linear econometric approach is applied to analyse the evolution of the shipbuilding market and its specific elements in different phases of the economic cycle (i.e. steel price, world trade and world trade volume). Results are then used to build policy recommendations to better understand future market trends.
The authors apply the LPPL model to time series of eight bubbles, chosen based on their historical context, to test for the burst of bubbles in the international dry bulk shipping market. The LPPL-model is fitted to a series of time-series data sets covering the period 1995-2016.
The authors tailor a game theory model to demonstrate the interaction of key players in the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory. The cruise value chain analysis is applied to assess the relationship between different economic drivers within a given scope of a product or service within the scope of the cruise industry.
The authors use a stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) framework to estimate efficiency estimates for five major European container ports. The authors estimate the efficiency of the European container port system using data envelopment analysis (DEA) for the period 2000-2013.
In this study, a risk analysis model was developed based on a multi-dimensional risk framework and a cognitive assessment technique (CATI) was applied to prioritize the identified operational risks in container shipping systems. The proposed model was validated through a case study of a large container shipping company.
This paper examines anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and PRC, and shows the different arguments for and against these shipping conference legislations. Instead of strictly following Jerome's approach to view laws solely as decisions from courts, this paper also includes legal pronouncements from legislatures.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from students and lecturers in the shipping management courses of 12 universities in Taiwan. The questionnaire was divided into two parts. The first part consisted of a questionnaire that was sent to the lecturers of the 12 universities, and the second part was sent out to the students of the same 12 universities. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.0.
Exploratory factor analysis was conducted to derive four critical factors of the organizational motivation dimension. Five job satisfaction dimensions were derived, namely, "reward policy", "work itself", "job workload", "skill variety" and "job status". Multiple regression analysis was carried out to assess the influence of organizational motivation dimensions on job satisfaction as well as their relationship on organizational performance.
A cause-and-effect forecasting approach was used to forecast both inbound and outbound container throughputs for Bangkok Port. A multivariate co-integrated time series model (VECM) was applied because it is a suitable tool for economic analysis and forecasting based on non-stationary data. Various criteria were applied in the study to ensure that the financial resources being invested in the expansion will bring about the best result in terms of throughput.
The authors use the time series empirical mode decomposition (EMD) to visualize whether there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviations from standard daily procedures.
This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on empty container repositioning (ECR) for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioned. Higher repositioner efficiency is achieved without considering the possible cost and difficulty of the folding operations in different ports.
Unlike published to-date berth scheduling studies that mostly rely on the stochastic search algorithms, the developed algorithm applied a local search heuristic for the chromosomes and population initialization and adjusted the mutation rate values based on a deterministic parameter control strategy. A mixed-integer nonlinear mathematical model for the berth scheduling problem (BSP) was developed and a set of computational experiments were performed to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed MA with a deterministically controlled mutation rate.
Data were collected from a sample of port workers working in container terminal operators in Hong Kong. Structural equation modeling was used to test the research model.
This study adopts a case study approach to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with the operators of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries in Kaohsiung.
This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and case studies of Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011. It also reviews the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the HKIAC.
This paper is based on an in-depth study of MLC Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect crew comfort and well-being on board.
The paper is based on in-depth interviews with stakeholders working in the ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung and ports in Taiwan. The respondents were experts with much experience of sailing NSR.
This study uses a mixed-methods approach. First, a case study approach is used to examine the operation of MSO sites in Hong Kong. Second, a questionnaire survey is conducted to collect data on MSO operations in the harbour. Third, a survey is carried out to evaluate the impact of changes in the operating environment on the MSO industry. Finally, the authors conduct an in-depth case study to assess the role of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government in supporting MSO.
The authors provide a comprehensive review of the current literature of statistical and non-statistical risk assessment methods. The authors demonstrate step by step on how to build a qualitative BN model. Further, they identify critical factors in a hierarchical interdependent relationship using correlation analysis and provide foundation to establish a simplified discrete BN. The dependency among the key factors and the relationship between factors and financial performance can be simulated using qualitative diagram in BN, while the quantitative configuration of such dependency can be obtained using statistical regression analysis based on historical data and through a correlation analysis.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the growth of container ship sizes in the past 40 years and on the experience of the container shipping industry.
The paper reviews the current and proposed accounting practices. It also discusses current maritime practices in financial reporting. It addresses the methods and strategies proposed for shipping firm adoption.
This paper begins with investigating the existing design trends for bulk carriers, followed by a section on the impact of the crisis. Then the effects of EEDI on vessel designs are discussed. This leads to a discussion on the actual eco-bulkers design features and costs. Finally, the vessels build in ten years from 2005 to 2014 will be studied to see the effect of the eco-designed vessels on the average qualities of the fleet of bulkers.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the role of the Panama Canal in global shipping, and the author's personal experience in the field of international shipping.
The paper is based on a case study of the Boankra Inland Port Project and the influence of its implementation on supply chain management in Ghana and other landlocked countries. The paper will introduce the dry port concept and investigate its feasibility, characteristics, economic effects and challenges. The project is inspired by the world focus on capacity and co-modal and intermodal transportation options.
This study is based on a content analysis of the sales network structures of the largest shipping lines in the industry. The analysis is based upon the data collected from the International Chamber of Shipping's database of liner shipping companies. The data are analysed by means of the content analysis method.
Using data on individual contracts in the tanker, bulker and container segments, the empirical methodology relies on the estimation of fixed-effect models. Although the newbuilding price benchmarks (market conditions) and GDP/capita (salary costs) are influential covariates, steel prices and yard experience have a positive impact on prices.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from bulk shipping firms in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling to test the proposed model.
This study used the systematic average mean value technique to determine the contribution of distraction factors on Malaysian seafarers using a questionnaire survey conducted to several offshore ships in Malaysia. The questionnaire survey was conducted to the seafarers working on the shipboard operation. The data collected from the survey were analyzed using the systematic mean value method.
The authors propose a hierarchical hub location problem, which distinguishes between regional and international hub ports in liner shipping. In addition, this paper introduces another port type, main port. The proposed model is solved by considering time-definite deliveries, as well as multimodal transportation, by considering ship fleet deployment, and the proposed model considers a hierarchical network structure.
The paper is based on a critical review of operations research (OR) related literature, which deals with the empty container problem in general as well as from the perspective of hinterland. Then, the inland-depots-for-empty-containers (IDEC) model is developed by considering regional repositioning. This also includes an empirical validation by simulation on the ground of a case study. The paper ends up with a critical conclusion and an outlook for future research.
The proposed model is based on a linear linear programming model that takes into consideration the tidal effects on berth scheduling (both in terms of vessel arrival and departure at the berth/from the berth) at multiple marine container terminals of the same port, taking into consideration channel depth variations by time of day.
In the paper, a portfolio analysis based on the growth-share matrix has been applied as the analysis technique. This is one of the first times in which this type of analysis is applied in the cruise industry.
This study categorizes 16 logistics policies into four factors as "Regulation and integration", "Infrastructure", "Sustainable management and education and training", "Education and training" and "Infrastructural development". Based on the feedbacks collected from British and Taiwanese logistics service providers, this study compares the logistics policy enablers between Taiwan and the UK.
This study uses a case study approach to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system (CNRS) in a port terminal. The data were collected through interviews with gate checkers, terminal managers and terminal operators. The results of the interviews were analyzed by means of a questionnaire survey.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data from the seafarers of shipping companies in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
The paper is based on a case decided by the United Kingdom Supreme Court in South Australia in GRE Insurance Ltd v. Ornsby [1982] 29 SASR 98.
A sample of 47 Mediterranean ports is selected to form the basis for the development of an empirical model which links the likelihood of ports to attract homeport traffic with seven explanatory variables emerged from relevant literature. An ordinal regression model and the observations of 47 ports are used to test the hypotheses.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from shipping liners and port corporations in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) and confirmatory factor analysis were used to analyze the data.
This paper is a case study of the application of the verified gross mass rules in Hong Kong. The case study is based on the experience of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and the Hong Kong Maritime Organization.
This paper uses the five-factor model (FFM) model to analyze the personality traits of employees in the freight forwarding service industry.
The research is based on a case study of a container logistics service company (headquartered in Finland and active in 21 countries, including Turkey and North Africa) and its customers (located in Turkey, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya) in the Mediterranean region. The research was conducted in two phases: first, interviews were used to validate the questionnaire and themes; later, a survey was completed by both the logistics company and its most important customers in the region.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from managers, supervisors and senior employees of container seaports in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using exploratory factor analysis to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria. Then, cluster analysis was used to identify the most important criteria.
This paper proposes two mixed-integer non-linear mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas (ECAs). Both mathematical models are linearized and then solved using a dynamic secant approximation procedure. Extensive numerical experiments are performed for the French Line 3 route, served by CMA CGM CGM shipping company and passing through SOx ECAs.
The review on the state-of-the-art research works since 2010 for the cruise industry is conducted from four research aspects, i.e. regional analysis, risk management, environmental concerns and cruise shipping. Then, the paper addresses some research opportunities on cruise shipping based on four planning problems, namely, cruise fleet management, cruise ship deployment, cruise itinerary design and cruise service planning. A specific problem of the cruise schedule design is constructed as an example to demonstrate the research opportunities.
The population of registered seafarers in Hong Kong since 1960 can be divided into three stages namely, 1960 to 1982, 1983 to 1996 and 1997 to 2015. Based on the population of seafarers, this paper reviews the development of the seafaring profession since 1960.
This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature in the field of economics, behavioural economics and medical science. The paper is divided into two parts. The first part is a critical review of fundamental theories and their application in the shipping asset management. The second part of the paper is a discussion of the practical challenges and implications of these fundamental theories.
Using a case study on the port of Haifa, the paper quantitatively examines the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at deep-sea terminals from the daytime to the nighttime. Using a traffic-economics model, the authors quantitatively examine the considerations affecting customers to shift transports to the night. The study seeks to find an answer to the research question.
This study is based on a case study of a container yard at the Port of Klang, Malaysia. The data for this study were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with port operators, shipping companies, port users and experts in the field.
This study adopts a qualitative research approach to identify the critical success factors of an ISFC and applies the findings to the case of Shanghai. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with experts from the shipping industry, financial institutions, shipping companies, government agencies and shipping companies.
This study applies the concept of entropy to calculate the relative weights of factor assessment criteria in the process of credit granting to yacht firms, and then uses Gray relational analysis (GRA) with weighting values to evaluate the ranking of assessment criteria.
To reach this objective, this paper first reviewed the current development of coal containerization by looking into the coal transport network in China, the demand and supply of lump coal, the coal container logistics chain, the characteristics of customers and so on. Then, the driving force ofcoal containerization, the evolution of coal logistics chain and the cost and time difference between container and bulk transport modes were then discussed, so as to explore the underlying mechanism and prospect of coal Containerization in China. The transport costs and time required between the bulk and container modes were also estimated and compared in this section.
The coordinated control strategy of the HESS is developed to eliminate unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid. The HESS consists of a battery/supercapacitor hybrid energy storage system (HESS) combining super-capacitors (SC) and flywheels (BH). The system consists of two main components, namely, a battery and a SC, which are used to store the energy of the renewable energy generation and the power consumption of the microgrid, respectively. The system is implemented in an islanded microgrid (MG) with a low-voltage (LV) islanded AC network.
This paper proposes to combine empirical mode decomposition (DEM) and periodicity-removing cross-correlation function (CCM) to eliminate the periodicity and noise in the process control system. The proposed method is applied to analyze oscillations in process control in order to identify the root cause of the oscillations.
Taking magnet pairs of three kinds of typical shapes for examples as calculation objects, this paper detailedly demonstrates the procedures of interacting magnetic force calculations between permanent magnets with three popular equivalent models, magnetizing current model, magnetic charge model and magnetic dipole-dipole model. The mathematical modeling processes of interacting Magnetic Force are demonstrated in detail.
In this paper, the ADRC method is used to design a sliding mode control (SMC) for the tracking control of robot manipulators. The proposed method is based on the active disturbance rejection control (ADRC) method, and the extended state observer (ESO) technique is employed to estimate the system disturbance. The control input/output channel and the control output channel are modeled as H2 norm-bounded and the system parameters are estimated using the generalized proportional integral observer (GPIO) technique. The ADRC is then implemented in the control law design.
Geology identification is done by using k-nearest neighbor (KNN) method based on in situ data. The results will be utilized in the later optimization problem formulation. Several crucial performances of TBM during the excavating are presented, which will be used as objective function in later formulation of optimization problem. A multi-objective function is formulated for TBM control. Furthermore, the authors convert established multi- objective optimization problem into single-objectives optimization problem with setting well-matched weighted factors corresponding to different geological conditions. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.
In this paper, a joint estimation method of SOC and SOH based on multi time scale EKF algorithm is proposed. A multi-scale algorithm estimator with high computational frequency and small computational size is designed, and the rationality of the algorithm is verified by simulation under working conditions. In addition, an online parameter estimation method is proposed to estimate the operating condition.
In this paper, a new method for calculating POCF of multi-output nonlinear forced system is proposed from the perspective of observable decomposition. The proposed method is based on the method designed for autonomous system to design the required diffeomorphism, and then put the same transformation on vector field g(x,u). Then, the observable subsystem takes the form of OCF.
The ARDL approach to cointegration is used for the empirical estimation of external debt growth for Bangladesh over the period of 1980-2017. Vector autoregression (VAR) impulse response function (IRF) has been used to illustrate the dynamic effects of the external debt shocks on growth and the shocks of the macro variable on economic growth. Moreover, external debt is disaggregated to sketch their respective effects on growth independently.
This study takes a PC as a whole to test mediation between personality dimensions and turnover intention of software engineers working in multinational communication and information technology companies in Pakistani culture. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from software engineers of multinational companies operating in Pakistan. The sample consisted of 585 software engineers.
The authors have used a panel data set of Pakistan for the period 1972-2016. The data set consists of GDP, CO2 emissions, population growth, GDP per capita, trade balance, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita and population growth. The authors have also used the Granger causality test to check the directional relationship among the selected variables and GDP of Pakistan.
A generalized autoregressive heteroskedasticity (GARCH) conditional quantile regression is used to explore the impact of the inventory announcement on price movement and volatility of energy futures returns.
The data were collected from the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period of 2011-2017. The data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique. The study employed the panel data analysis technique to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors.
The study is performed in two steps. The first step is to determine the relation between oil prices and stock market, and the second step is the relationship between gold prices and the stock market. In the first step, the correlation between oil and stock prices and gold prices is determined. The correlation between stock market and oil prices is also determined. Then, the stock, gold and oil price linkages are examined in a non-linear setting. The relationship between stock and gold price is also examined in the linear setting.
The authors use the panel-corrected standard error and feasible generalised least squares to contrast the value of H-statistic obtained by pooled ordinary least squares (POLS), fixed effects (FE) and random effects (RE).
In this research, the level of customer satisfaction toward the service of PT Pelindo I was measured using a set of questionnaires on customer satisfaction. In addition, customer segmentation has been considered as the major focus in this research. Therefore, the segmentation analysis was also performed. Cluster analysis is a multivariate statistical procedure that groups entities into relatively homogeneous groups. This method allowed the researcher to simultaneously perform cluster hierarchy analysis and non-hierarchy analysis. Hence, clusters can be determined from the results of the analysis based on customer characteristics.
This paper adopts a policy simulation approach to examine the differential impact of monetary policy on the aggregate economy in the Indian economy.
A double methodology has been applied through the dynamic panel generalized method of moments (GMM) model and the panel auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) method to measure the short- and long-term relationships.
Data were collected from 14 banks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) from 2008 to 2017. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression model and the Tobit model.
Based on the literature review, the authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC. In this model, TABC, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TB), B stands for Tourism basics (TB) and C stands forTourism context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century and has been studied from a variety of perspectives.
The authors developed two panel data models that were administered to a sample of 154 US companies from two different sectors of real economic activities - the industry sector and the service sector - using quarterly data for the period between January 2006 and December 2016. By relaxing the assumption of investor rationality and using panel regression, the authors show that investor sentiment has the ability to predict stock market performance.
An empirical study was carried out on a sample of marketing students at Spanish universities. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
The system generalized method of the moments (GMM) approach is used, taking the datum of 34 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) members between 1993 and 2016 as a basis. In this context, the dynamic panel data estimators are used to investigate the effects of the dependent variables on the tax burden.
To achieve this, the authors apply Hansen's panel threshold technique to explore the relationship between inflation threshold-effect and real exchange rate. The estimation technique is significant in exploring the threshold level of inflation rather than using a technique that does not embed a split-sample approach.
The authors use the partial least squares model (PLS) approach to test the proposed model and hypotheses in the context of listed Moroccan companies using the data collected from the Moroccan Stock Exchange.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 214 owner managed small businesses in Uganda. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes under a new perspective of a dynamic imbalanced state. The multi-disciplinary approach focusses on building inter-sectoral and inter-organisational relationships, building on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic development.
Data were collected through an online survey of US Southeast manufacturing employees in the USA. The sample consisted of 518 manufacturing employees. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
Using panel data of the G-20 countries from 1991 to 2016, the authors examine the Granger causality relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic covariates: inflation rate and real interest rate.
Using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016, the estimation procedure utilizes the derivation of Stock Duration Model. Standard statistical analytical methods are used such as Johansen cointegration test, Cointegration regression, Granger causality, and VECM. In addition, this paper examines the Granger causal causality between observed stock prices, changes in stock prices due to inflation rates and changes inStock Duration Model, and real interest rates.
This research uses the Gini Coefficient Coefficient (GCC) to measure the efficiency of the distribution of income among the 32 entities of the Mexican Republic during the period 1990-2015. In addition, the inequality indices are used to evaluate the degree of income concentration.
The authors construct a three-period scenario that incorporates risk on future income. This allows the authors to model varying risk profiles and to analyze the different choices individuals make. Using this information, the authors can measure how these intertemporal inconsistencies are costly across different starting behavioural characteristics.
The paper uses the ARFIMA(p, d, q; P, Q) process to estimate the value of d for stock market prices and online search trends of global tourist corporations.
The authors use 3,861 firm-year observations from 423 unbalanced samples and use univariate and multivariate testing to test the hypothesis of increase in accounting quality following IFRS convergence in Indonesia. The authors use four dimensions of accounting quality, namely: accruals quality; earnings smoothing; timely loss recognition; and earnings persistence.
In this paper, the authors develop an alternative formula for the traditional one-stage constant growth model, in which the authors incorporate restrictions to consider the loss of competitive advantage to limit the period in which extraordinary returns will exist. This restriction will prevent overestimation of the returns in the long term and separate the value created by assets in place from that created by growth.
The authors study the informational efficiency of ADRs through the examination of eight seasonal patterns in this market: the month-of-the-year effect, the quarter-of the year effect and the half- of themonth effect. The authors also test for the first time whether pre-holiday effects in ADRs vary significantly according to the holiday under consideration. The sample period includes recent significant financial events such as the 2007/2008 financial crisis.
A questionnaire survey was used to elicit views and opinions of chief internal auditors and chief finance officers of financial services firms in Uganda. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
The authors analyze the behavior of the TC structures in Peru and the USA over three dimensions: the type and number of stocks, the holding period of the portfolio and the selected trading strategy. This analysis was carried on using current cost parameters found in both the BVL and the NYSE.
The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have to self-regenerate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants. This is done by pursuing, in a first moment, a general discussion and literature review on the pros and cons of free market relations. In the second stage, a simulation model is assembled to highlight and explore the dynamics of deception, morality and self-Regeneration in markets. Rational and emotional determinants of purchasing decisions are systematized; transmission channels of manipulation over the motivation to buy are put into perspective; and natural and intuitive defence mechanisms that balance market relations are equated.
The present study used a resource-dependency approach to evaluate the financial performance of USH from 2009 to 2016 based on financial effectiveness indicators and financial efficiency ratios. In this study, financial effectiveness and efficiency were the two central terms for assessing and measuring the financial performances of the NNSOs.
The study was accomplished in Peru, a developing country in South America, by using a sample of 104 users for the system in 13 enterprises, having a quasi-volitional IS use context. After this analysis, the mediators and dependent constructs were reviewed to determine if they were behaving properly (a good level of variance explanation and significant relations with other constructs).
This study uses two measures of profitability and many explanatory variables. The factors affecting banks' profitability are categorized into two groups: endogenous and exogenous elements. This study uses a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 OIC countries for a long period (20 years) using a panel data approach.
This study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with SME leaders in Lagos, Nigeria. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data collected.
This paper uses generalized method of moments (GMM) regression analysis to examine the impact of elections on the performance of banks in Ghana.
The authors employed the multivariate GARCH-types model (CCC-DCC-VAR-GARCH-BEKK) to study the return and volatility spillover across equity markets between China and Southeast Asian countries over the period January 2001 to February 2013.
Co-authorship networks are depicted by linking authors that participate in the same literary output. The authors estimate centralities like closeness, eigenvector, Pagerank and betweenness. They also distinguish differences in the gender contributions. The paper presents the structural properties of these networks.
The paper is based on a survey analysis carried out by FaedPyme (Foundation for the Strategic Analysis and Development of SMEs) in Colombia in 2012. The sample consisted of 403 formal SMEs. The data were analysed using a multivariate analysis of variance.
The paper employs SYS-GMM to examine the relationship between financial development and economic growth for the panel of BRICS using financial development indicators both from banking sector and stock market development.
The data were collected from the secondary equity investors residing in Chennai. The data were analysed by using the partial least squares technique to test the relationship between the income earned and behavioural biases.
The auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) cointegration approach is used to analyse the long-run relationship between institutional stability and FDI. The error correction model (ECM) is also used to examine the long run impact of institutional stability on FDI in the model.
This paper applies the decision tree model to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the random undersampling strategy to correct the imbalanced data set.
The study has considered Bangladesh as an ideal laboratory to examine the impact of bank capital on bank performance and risk. The study has used the panel data approach for the empirical investigation. The data have been collected from the Bangladesh Stock Exchange (BSE) for the period of 2005-2016. The panel data analysis has been performed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) technique to estimate the relationship between bank risk and performance.
The paper estimates a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. The production function approach is used to model the dynamics of the labour demand equations.
This study is based on the empirical analysis of 215 firm-year observations from 2005 to 2009; those are actively operating in this region. The members of the South Asian region are Afghanistan, Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. The governance data are collected from the website of MFIs and annual reports, and financial and social performance data are obtained from Mix Market website (www.mixmarket.org). The authors applied pooled least squares regression to explore the impact of governance practices on MFIs performance.
This study uses the Fama and French (1992) three-factor model and the Treynor and Mazuy (1966) market timing model to find out the presence of market timing in the stock market of Pakistan. The sample period of the study covers the period from January 1, 1992, to December 31, 2014. The data were collected from the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period January 1-December 31, 2013.
This study uses a panel data set of Mexican firms listed on the Mexican stock exchange for the period from 2005 to 2012. The sample consists of 1,812 firms. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression model.
The paper uses a pooled panel data approach to estimate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia. The panel data are obtained from the Malaysian Islamic bank database.
The empirical application is performed in Costa Rica, whose economy mainly comprises small and micro businesses; therefore, it is also expected to provide a contribution from that perspective, given that studies on innovation are mainly based on large businesses in developed countries. This issue is relevant because the world is continually moving toward an economy that is governed by knowledge and innovation and there is consensus in various areas that "the generation, exploitation and diffusion of knowledge are fundamental to economic growth, development and the well-being of nations."
The study was conducted in the city of Lima, Peru. The sample consisted of 1,000 mothers who have and live with their children who are in the preadolescent stage of development, meaning between 8 and 11 years. Mothers were selected for this research for two main reasons. First, mothers are more often the receptors of influence attempts than fathers and are considered to be better familiarized with the purchase influence attempt of their children. For methodological purposes, the last studied relationship regarding passive social power of children on influence from the mothers' perspective (Flurry and Burns, 2005) was used. To assess these variables, instruments already validated by their authors and which have been used in other studies were applied.
Este estudio analizo la distribucion de los beneficios netos (BNE) de una muestra de 899 firmas no financieras que estuvieron registradas en the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile (SVS) durante el periodo 2010-2014.
Different analyses were performed, both at a general level for the described period, and also at the quinquennial level. First, the analysis focused on studying a ranking of 40 leading journals that present a greater h-index in the discipline. In this ranking, it is possible to observe an interesting discussion that reveals that the most productive journals, i.e. those who have a greater quantity of published work, are not necessarily the most influential. The work also develops a graphical visualization of the publication and citation structure between journals by using VOS viewer software with bibliographic coupling and co-citation coupling. A quinquennial analysis, of five years, allowed us to recognize the transition among journals which focus on VC research.
Tres principales interrogantes enmarcan el presente trabajo investigativo: "cual ha sido the evolucion de la actividad bursatil del mercado accionario colombiano entre 2007 y 2016?"; "Que variables la explican?"; y "Que eventos han impactado su comportamiento?". Para ello, se emplea informacion de transacciones diarias por tipo of agente de la bvc, entre enero de 2007 y diciembre de 2016. Ademas, plantea un modelo de pronostico del comport amortizaciono de laActividad BursatIL, que incluye variables explicativas, buscando predecir con razonable certeza la act dividendad bursesatil en el siguiente mes.
The authors performed an analysis to study the factors influencing gold prices in Saudi Arabia by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015. Moreover, the authors capture the wealth effect through the domestic Shariah price index of Saudi Arabia. The time-series variables that the authors study are, largely, non-stationary variables. For that reason, they should be analyzed in a co-integrating manner. For this reason, the ARDL approach is used to analyze them in a linear fashion.
The authors use panel unit root tests to test whether the health-care price inflation rate is stationary at the aggregate and urban levels in the USA. The authors use a panel of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries as the sample.
This study uses the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model to model the behavior of stock returns in the current year in comparison to its behavior in previous year by applying the gray model. The prediction error for each model is captured along with the prediction error of 50 more active companies and industry index.
The methodology used is a dynamic model based on the GMM-SYS approach, which allows measuring the effect of institutional quality and the development of the banking system on the maturity of long-term debt.
El articulo se centra en los impactos producidos por las actividades de inversion/gasto de los agentes identificados en la celebracion de los Juegos Mundiales: Comite Local Organizador de Cali (inversion en infraestructura, gasto en logistica) y espectadores (gastos en consumo), y los consecuentes efectos multiplicadores capturados a partir of un modelo insumo-producto. Estos impactos se sintetizan en los efecto sobre la produccion y el empleo en el area metropolitana de la ciudad, definida como area de impacto.
The authors approach the financial crisis from a holistic perspective, analyzing the interrelationships among parties with the goal of developing a better understanding of systemic factors leading to the crisis. The authors apply the concepts of conflicts of interests, incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interest among the key players in the securitization food chain.
The authors use the proportion of zero returns proposed by Lesmond et al. (1999), which is an appropriated measure of liquidity in tiny markets such as the Portuguese one. However, before drawing some overall conclusions, the authors also evaluate the money-augmented capital asset pricing model (CAPM) proposed by Balvers and Huang (2009) which is characterised by adding a risk premium for money growth which can be interpreted as an economy's liquidity premium.
A survey was performed to infer which stocks from the STOXX(r) Europe 50 are most recognized. Then two investment strategies relying on the recognition heuristic were tested during the period under analysis. To verify the performance of each investment strategy, the returns obtained were regressed against the risk factors included in three relevant market models. Jensen's alpha was estimated to infer whether the designed investment strategies could beat the market on a consistent basis. To complement the paper, an additional methodology based on Google Trends was adopted.
Optimal equity-based composite multiples models will be constructed for each of the six key industries in South Africa, and their valuation precision will be compared to that of eight optimal Equity-based, single-factor models. This is achieved by using mathematical optimisation algorithms with the goal of minimising the sum of the absolute valuation errors (SAVE), the median valuation error (MVE) and thesum of the squared valuation errors.
The authors use a naive Bayesian classifier methodology to predict the probability of a loan applicant's non-payment at maturity. The model is based on the theorem of Bayes with strong (naive) independence assumptions. The naive Bayes classifier is particularly appropriate when the dimensionality of the inputs is high. Despite its simplicity, it can often outperform more sophisticated classification methods.
The author uses state-level aggregate data from the Current Population Survey (CPS) and the synthetic control method proposed by Abadie et al. (2010) to calculate a counterfactual for Arizona.
The paper explica el concepto de dependencia serial de largo plazo en el indice bursatil chileno, a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado.
The study is based on a sample of 1,845 US and 1,945 Latin American companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) during the period of 2009-2016. The data were analysed using the ordinary least squares regression model and the fixed-effects model.
This study uses a panel data set of net energy-importing countries for the period of 1990-2013. The authors use the panel data for the time period from 1990 to 2013 to estimate the relationship between energy consumption per capita and economic growth using the generalized method of moments.
This study uses the one-day interbank deposit certificate (CDI) as the benchmark interest rate for the developed and emerging countries, and it uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to analyze the volatility of the CDI.
This paper proposes an intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST to recognize the locus pattern of railway wagon flow locus by mining the history information of wagon routing in the railway network. The locus patterns of wagon flow routing locus are identified based on the historical data of the railway wagon routing, and the causal relationship analysis method is used to analyze the causal relationships between the locu patterns.
First, with the obtained one year's risk events in the form of natural language from Shanghai region railways, the nest event related records were selected and possible affecting factors were extracted. Second, all the possible factors which are inclined to bird nesting were identified with the method of root cause analysis (RCA) and a fishbone diagram was constructed to disclose all possible "inside factors" and "outside factors" affecting bird nesting on railway. Finally, delay stochastic models were built to illustrate the influence quantitatively of the bird nesting events on the delay of railway operation for normal-speed and high-speed railway, respectively.
The CRH2 train is studied as an example in this paper. The critical elements of the high-speed train system refer to the unit that plays an important role in maintaining the global topology and normal functions. The importance measure is the common method of system-critical elements identification, which can be roughly divided into the following two types. First, the reliability achievement worth (RAW) importance measures the importance of the component to maintain the current reliability level of the system, and alternately the reliability reduction worth (RRW) importance is mainly used to analyze the degree of influence of a failed component on the system reliability. Second, Birnbaum's importance is a sensitivity analysis method widely used in the field of component reliability to evaluate the influence of failed critical components on system reliability, and the Bayesian reliability importance is usually combined with fault tree analysis to measure the impact of failures on system failures.
Geographical information system (GIS) and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) have been used to find out the suitable location for the e-taxi station. The location of e- taxi stand has been identified by using the GIS and AHP approach.
This paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize the stable and high-speed development of freight logistics informationization.
An integer linear programming model based on alternative graph is formulated. Re-timing and re-ordering are integrated into this model and two objective functions are considered in the proposed model. A real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freight heavy-haul railway is conducted to test the developed model. The optimum disposition timetables are generated in real-time for all disrupted instances.
The authors applied two local direct demand models based on geographically weighted regression (GWR) with global least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) and geographically weighted LASSO (GWL) into modeling influencing factors on metro ridership. For the former, the authors select features by LASSOs globally for all locations before the calibration process of GWR, and for GWL, they can select features for each station by applying LASSOS. The ridership and its influencing factor data of Shenzhen Metro in the year of 2013 are used to elaborate the two models.
The lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups are modeled using a gap acceptance model and a simulation model. The simulation model is based on the gap acceptance probability model, and the lane- changing behavior of vehicles is modeled using the binary logit model. In the simulation model, the vehicle-to-vehicle information is transmitted to the vehicle group by means of a connected vehicle information system. The lane changing behaviors of vehicles are modeled by a lane-change probability model and the driving behavior of the vehicle groups is modeled by the lane changing probability model.
The unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway is formulated as a multiple-objective model, which contains the information about how many trains need to be combined and how they are combined in the loaded direction. The model is formulated in the form of an IP formulation, and the model is applied to solve the unit train-scheduling problem in a real-life case. The proposed model is solved by using a numerical example.
This study proposes a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in telecommunication networks. A case study was conducted in a telecommunication network in Iran's telecommunication industry to test the proposed model. Data were collected from the telecommunication companies and analyzed using the method of failure modes and effects analysis (FMEA).
This study adopts a multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) approach to identify and prioritize the issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE. In this study, the fuzzy VIKOR technique is adopted to solve the MCDM problems with conflicting and noncommensurable criteria. This method is utilized to identify the mutual agreement solutions to a problem with conflicting criteria that further assist the decision-makers to reach a final decision.
This study uses a hybrid approach of fuzzy TOPSIS-GRA hybrid approach to identify the most important criteria for convenience store location selection. The methodology is based on a sample of 24 x 7 open convenience store locations in Delhi NCR, India.
This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronavirus pandemic. This article addresses what managers may consider keeping supply chain alive due to COVID-19.
This study is based on a systematic literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of the CFP in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce their CFP. The study identifies the key managerial bits of knowledge for the specialists and future scientists.
This study is based on a case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the retail managers of small retailers of beauty and personal care products in Bangladesh. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
A mathematical model is proposed to minimize the costs related with transportation and carbon emissions via centralized planning for the movement of food grains from farms to the purchase hubs and subsequently to the required warehouses in the country. The centralization for the collection of farmers' production and transportation can be performed through optimized routes and vehicle planning. Meta-heuristic algorithms are used for solving the SSC network design problem.
This study deployed the Delphi based fuzzy DEMATEL approach to identify and analyze the most significant PIs of resilient PSC and developed a fuzzy SD model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain. The Delphi approach has the advantages of extracting the research data from the experts based on their prior experiences and developing cause and effect diagram along with fuzzy environment.
This paper uses the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and information entropy theory (IET) to describe the probability of green supplier satisfaction degree. Then, entropy technique for order preference by similarity to an ideal solution (TOPSIS) is used to determine the double weight of evaluating criteria. The subjective weight is determined by AHP and the objective weight is decided by IET. Finally, the sensitivity analysis is performed by using TOPSIS.
An empirical study was conducted to investigate the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. The data were collected from the Australian courier firms. The research model was tested using the structural equation modelling (SEM) approach.
In this study, the capability dimensions of 4PL service providers and the concepts to be considered to measure these dimensions are examined. The scale development process was designed and implemented including the concepts existing in the literature. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the top managers of the companies who are the customers of the 4PL services providers in Turkey.
A systematic literature review was carried out to identify the sources of uncertainty in cross-docking operations. The selected studies were analysed using thematic statistics to identify and classify the uncertainty components. The identified uncertainties were further classified into supply uncertainties and demand uncertainties.
This paper reviews the available literature in the broad area of Halal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords through bibliometric analysis; identifies influential research and cluster them based on citations and PageRank; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas. The authors have tried to analyse the research using bibliometrics techniques like identifying the top authors, journals and citation, and further data mining techniques are for analysing article title, keywords and abstract of 946 articles obtained through Scopus.
This paper proposes a stochastic MIP model aiming to control carbon dioxide emissions, and factors in both environmental levels and facilities capacity levels are integrated. The scenario-based method and the Epsilon method are proposed to solve the problem. The numerical experiments are conducted to verify the proposed methods and the proposed model.
The authors use the modern supply chain system to analyze the comparative advantage of China's manufacturing industry. The authors use two structural factors: scale effect of human resources and agglomeration effect of land costs to make the comparison between China's comparative advantage in the manufacturing of high value-added products and that of other developed countries.
In this paper, the authors focus on supply and demand systems with resource pooling in modern supply chain with auction systems from a theoretical modeling perspective. The supply andDemand auction systems serve as information sharing mechanisms among manufacturers and suppliers in modern SCM. Its main purpose is to match the supply demand and the demand of the supply chain among the parties. The authors introduce the auction mechanism to solve the following three functions: price mining, dynamic supply chain construction and resources integration.
Banana samples were collected from the farm, pack house and retail stores in Queensland, Australia, during the post-harvest SC. The samples were subjected to a series of quality deterioration assessments to determine the extent of fruit damage and the impact of the damage on the cosmetic quality of bananas. The damage assessments were carried out using a standard scale developed by Ekman et al. (2011).
A content analysis approach was adopted to systematically collect the relevant information from the papers published in academic journals and conferences from the period of 1990-2019. The papers were analysed using the content analysis method.
This paper selected 64 articles published between 2009 and 2018. These papers were systematically reviewed according to two dimensions: the first dimension is service supply chain link, which includes service supply management, service demand management,service integration management and service co-ordination management; the second dimension is behavioural factor.
This is a conceptual paper based on literature review and case studies. The paper examines reasons why organizations should green their supply chains or not considering different stakeholders in Part 2. Part 3 defines GSCM based on a product life cycle and introduces five green supply chain management (GSCM) practices. Part 4 explores the opportunities and challenges of greening supply chains using existing examples. In Part 5, three steps are developed for effective greening. Conclusions with a focus on practical implications are introduced in Part 6.
The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the ready-made garment (RMG) industry of Bangladesh. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
In this paper, the authors develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores based on the facility location problem (FLP) in combinatorial optimization. The proposed system is based on a combination of traditional site selection methods and machine learning techniques. The authors propose a new approach to site selection based on data-based site selection, which involves how to best combine the external macro and location-related data with a firm's internal data to select an ideal location.
Based on the theoretical framework of dynamic capabilities, the authors propose a conceptual model of environmental accounting for the CE in businesses. The model is tested by means of a survey conducted with a sample of Spanish businesses that are engaged in the CE.
- The paper uses big-data analysis of political rhetoric to examine the use of national identity words by leaders of the United States, China, and other global powers.
This study is based on a systematic review of the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force. The authors conducted a comprehensive literature review to identify the key documents, which were then analysed using the 3-H framework to theorise the existing strategic planning practice with the elements of futures studies, strategy to be executed with hand-oriented competence approach and heart-driven highly committed Force.
The authors first review the trends of health sector reform in Japan from the mid-1980s to the present, noting the background in which the reform was implemented. Then, the existing problems occurring in the aging of Japan are discussed. Based on those considerations, the issues for preparing a healthcare system for 2040 and what can be learnt from the Japanese experience are summarized.
This study is based on a case study of the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0.
This paper is based on a case study of Khulna, Bangladesh, which is a major urban city in the Asia-Pacific region. The case study was conducted in the context of the New Urban Agenda (NUA) which is intricately linked with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (UN). This paper discusses the role of PPP in achieving SDGs.
This paper is a case study, using desakota technopole theory as its framework, supported by interviews and document analysis. Previous research and academic publications related to Palembang discourses are used as a foundation for this paper.
The study adopted a qualitative research approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with various stakeholders, including members of interest groups, members of the planning board and the planning commission, and staff of the Town Planning and Land Services Department (TPLSD).
- Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of public sector organizations in the province of Punjab, Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique.
This paper adopts a case study approach because it is appropriate for closely examining data within a specific context. It undertakes a review of the literature to identify the nature of civil service reforms and the causes of divergence in strategies adopted by Hong Kong and Thailand. The discussion is based on secondary materials obtained from academic studies, information from the two governments, relevant websites, and media reports. These sources provide information on the history, tradition and developments of civil services as well as substance and trends of reforms.
This paper is based on a qualitative case study of the implementation of federalism in Nepal. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key actors in the local government system (LGS) and the federal government. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis.
The paper draws from facts and figures related to the previous unitary system of government and the Civil Service Act of 2007. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and interviews with civil servants.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on surrogacy-led migration and the authors' personal experiences as surrogate mothers.
- This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and programs implemented by the UAE Government. Based on the theoretical understanding of social engineering, this paper examines the rationales and impact of the process on Emiratization, as well as its pitfalls and future challenges.
This paper is based on a mixed-method approach (Creswell, 2014). It uses a large volume of secondary sources together with two survey results. The first one is the Citizens' Trust in Political and Public Institutions of Sri Lanka carried out in 2015 under The Norwegian Programme for Capacity Development in Higher Education and Research for Development (NORHED) project on Policy and Governance Studies in South Asia with 1,500 respondents from 12 districts in Sri Lanka. The second is the Global Corruption Barometer Survey for Sri Lanka undertaken in 2019 by Transparency International in nine provinces. The qualitative evidence gathered from secondary sources is used to substantiate quantitative data. The paper discusses theoretical standpoints, and the third analyses governance performance and political implications.
The study uses the panel-corrected standard error regression of Beck and Katz (1995), which accounts for both heteroskedasticity and serial correlation. Besides, the beta-convergence and sigma-conversgence models have been used to test for the presence of convergence in government effectiveness.
This article adopts a comparative analysis of the 11 grand corruption scandals selected in this special issue by Krishna Tummala, Japan by Matthew Carlson, Macau by Sonny Lo, Malaysia by David Jones, Philippines by Eric Batalla and Singapore by Jon Quah.
The analysis here focuses on two cases of constitutional corruption: the purchase of Rafale jet fighters from France and the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35A dividing the State of Jammu and Kashmir into two Union Territories bringing them under greater control of the Central Government.
The article is based on the analysis of newspaper accounts of two major scandals involving sontaku that have affected the Abe administration after 2017.
This paper compares and contrasts two major corruption scandals in Macau: the Ao Man-long case and the Ho Chio-meng case. The two cases were similar in that both principal officials were involved in personal misconduct and administrative discretion. The Ao case was slightly different from the Ho scandal in that the former pointed to rapid modernization without political institutionalization and the latter pointed to patronage politics. Both cases fit into the three main definitional aspects of corruption: public office-centred, market-centring and public interest-centre.
The paper examines the various corrupt practices in the 1MDB scandal and explains why they occurred, focusing on political control and the lack of proper surveillance and accountability, with consideration given to the lessons that can be learnt from the scandal.
Primary and secondary sources are utilized to construct the narratives of each case, including court decisions, laws published in the Official Gazette, Senate committee reports, journal articles, biographies and newspaper reports. The following sections provide descriptive accounts of the BNPP and NBN scandals.
This article analyses the corruption scandals in Singapore involving Teh Cheang Wan, the Minister for National Development during 1979-1986, and Edwin Yeo, an Assistant Director of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), which resulted in adverse consequences for them. These scandals are selected because both individuals were respectively, the most senior People's Action Party (PAP) minister and CPIB officer charged with committing corruption offences. A comparison of these scandals demonstrates how the CPIB investigates corruption complaints and explains why corruption has been minimised in Singapore.
This paper is based on the author's personal experience in Hong Kong and China's experience in handling the "yellow vest" movement in France. It also draws on the experience of the British colonial government in the 1960s and 1970s.
- The paper is based on the author's personal experience as a political activist and as a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council.
This paper investigates two public hospital medical incidents in Hong Kong to illustrate how public hospitals can perform or respond better when they manage crises according to the public relation theory - Situational Crisis Communication Theory (SCCT). The data were collected from two case studies.
This paper adopts a descriptive qualitative case study approach, within a framework of relevant theoretical approaches of management learning through communities of practice (CoPs) and the innovative lens (Corradi et al., 2010). The study utilises the experience of one Primary Health Network (PHN) to describe, from the "insiders" perspective, the experience that occurred in the establishment and development of the PHN.
This study uses a cross-sectional survey to collect data from a sample of 1,000 low-income groups in urban China. The data are analyzed by using multinomial logistic regression analysis to examine the impact of social assistance on the employment status.
This study collected insurance claims data from one selected hospital in Guangzhou, China, and analyzed the hospitalization costs of patients with CKD using a panel data approach. The data were analyzed using multivariate regression analysis.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on women entrepreneurship in general and the situation of Jamaican MSMEs in particular. It also draws on the findings of the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) research consortium.
This paper is based on a literature review of arts inclusion policies across countries and regions. The review was conducted through the lens of administrative structures - which differ significantly across governments: some adopt an inter-sectoral approach while others prefer tasking one dedicated ministry or department.
The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of international business.
This briefing is prepared by an independent writer who adds his/her own impartial comments and places the articles in context. This paper is based on a review of the literature.
This study proposes the development of a systematic scale to measure perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives, comprising 4 dimensions and 12 items. An online survey was conducted to validate the scale using an online survey, and the results were analysed using confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modelling.
The study is based on a cross-sectional survey research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The survey was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the respondents were randomly selected from the local government offices and the second phase was conducted through purposive sampling. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The questionnaire was administered in two stages. The first stage consisted of a questionnaire that was distributed to the members of the UP. The second stage of the survey was administered to the general ward members or women of the reserved seats.
This study used a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to parents in Hong Kong who had participated in the 6As Positive Parenting Program (Triple P) in the past three years. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, ANOVA and regression analysis.
This paper is divided into four parts. The first part starts with the representative case of Kelvin and Angela, which has raised public concern in Hong Kong. Point of views from different stakeholders on this issue are discussed in the second part, which many of them agree that there should have policy changes to help such unfortunate parents. The third part is to discuss the current measures inHong Kong, including an exemption case to reveal that there is still room to have discretion while handling these cases. Borrowed the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents, certain recommendations which can apply to Hong Kong are made in the last part.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on human trafficking and its impact on the SDGs. It also draws on the experience of the United Nations Statistical Commission in implementing the Inter-Agency and Expert Group on SDG Indicators (IAEG-SDGs).
The author conducts a comparative historical analysis in order to illustrate how and why these two political strongmen and their corresponding historical contexts, as well as their consequent decisions that manifested such a political wisdom of their authoritarian governance, were "politically-incorrect" as usually judged in the Western world.
The study is based on a case study of total joint replacement (TJR) in public hospitals in Hong Kong. The data were collected from the Hospital Authority of Hong Kong (HA) and the Department of Health (DH) through a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was sent to all the hospitals in the HA and the DH, and the data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
In this research, the emWave Pro Plus was used as a quantitative stress measurement tool in the workplace and compared with two other sets of quantitative self-reported perceived stress data: the POQA (POQA) from HeartMath (Barrios-Choplin and Atkinson, 2000) and the PSS (Cohen et al., 1983). The data were collected from full-time employees in a large corporation in Hong Kong.
This paper is a case study of the critical success factors for organizational change of a public listed corporation: Hong Kong Broadband Network (HKBN). The author was promoted to be the News Controller of HKBN's Pay-TV News Department and under the coaching of William Yeung, the newly appointed CEO. From 2008 to 2013, he experienced a journey of organizational change with a "Big Hairy Audacious Goal" (BHAG).
Five secrets of Singapore's success are identified and analysed. The secrets are: Lee Kuan Yew's pragmatic leadership; Singapore's liberal immigration policy; the heavy investment by the People's Action Party (PAP) government on education during the past 57 years has reaped dividends as reflected in Singapore's top ranking among 76 countries on the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's study on the provision of comprehensive education; as a result of the effectiveness of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) in enforcing the Prevention of Corruption Act (POCA) impartially; corruption has been minimised in Singapore; and Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita has increased by 56 times from S$1,310 (US$428) in 1960 to S$73,167 ( US$52,962) in 2016.
Based on both primary and secondary sources, including official records, legislation, inter-state and regional agreements, evaluation reports, impact studies (social, economic and ecological) and commentaries, the paper will highlight several initiatives and processes geared to creating standards and enhancing the use of policy instruments for regulating environmental and climatic problems in the region. It will attempt to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results.
A case study approach is used to describe the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. The case study describes the recently established Naresuan University, College of Health Systems Management that has responded to the Prime Ministers challenge for Thailand to become the centre of learning in the region in health management and universal coverage. It has become an international centre for health management research and learning and is attracting students from the sub-region.
This paper reviews the contextual background toward studying abroad. It analyses the policies and practices of Hong Kong students studying in Mainland universities at the pre-2012 and post-2012 phases. It presents findings on the acceptance of the scheme, based on secondary data, as well as first-hand data collected from students and administrators. Then, five scenarios of student choice are identified. Some policies recommendations are proposed for facing the emergent economic, socio-cultural and political challenges in the coming years.
Primary and secondary data from focus group meetings, press Interviews and public reports have been analyzed. Besides, participant observation (Nosich, 1982; Sou, 2000; Sou and Zhou, 2007) and theoretical reasoning have been applied for the critical review of this controversial test.
Data were collected through a survey administered to students who participated in a five-year Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) program at a large research university in the Northeast United States. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
Using the quadrant graph, the study demonstrated the subdivided mobility scheme that shed light on the Taiwanese government's internationalization policy targeting NSPC. Countries located in different quadrants required distinct strategies in terms of recruiting and recruiting on the domestic side to accomplish the mutual mobility goal.
The paper is based on a qualitative study based on semi-structured interviews with a sample of teachers and students. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire.
The case study is based on one five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) titled "Building Extreme Weather Resiliency and Global Community Resiliencies Through Improved Weather and Climate Prediction and Emergency Response Strategies" that began in 2015 with the financial support of the National Science Foundation in the United States and the Ministry of Science and Technology in Taiwan jointly. It involves more than 11 universities and research institutes from Taiwan and the USA with around 30 American and Taiwanese scholars to investigate extreme weather resiliency through improved weather prediction and emergency response strategies. It is expected to leverage cross-disciplinary experiences to prepare a diverse cohort of next generation experts.
This paper is based on a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners from UK universities. The survey was conducted in two parts. The first part is a hard copy survey and the second part is an online survey of UK university staff.
This paper is based on the analysis of the changes in the state educational policy and the development of the accreditation system in Russia over the last 20 years. The paper presents the results of a study of the evolution of accreditation in Russia from 1997 to 2015.
A comparative overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore, is offered.
The data were collected from the staff of a public university in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The data were collected from the students of Meijo University, Japan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis.
A survey was conducted in 2013 covering final year students who have successfully completed their Industrial Training program in vocational colleges in Peninsular Malaysia. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA and multiple regression analysis.
A case study approach was used to examine the development of an institution-specific SAI instrument at a university, highlighting the process and attendant difficulties related to developing an instrument that meets the needs of multiple stakeholder groups.
A questionnaire was developed based on the existing literature on e-learning, assessment systems and student satisfaction. The questionnaire was distributed to the students of a distance education course at the University of Andalusia (Spain). The sample consisted of 1,000 students, and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This paper reviews relevant government policies and employs second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China to examine ISM.
The paper is based on a review of the literature related to the development of external quality assurance (EQA) systems and procedures globally, and on the critique directed at this activity. Conceptually, the paper demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms.
This paper is based on a systematic literature review of the SET literature published in peer-reviewed journals between 1980 and 2018. The search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs were examined.
Data were collected through a survey of parents in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Singapore and Vietnam. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were sent to parents in each of these countries. The responses were analyzed using factor analysis and cluster analysis.
This study is based on a comparative study of the QA frameworks in Japan and Taiwan. The authors conducted in-depth interviews with QA experts from both countries and conducted a questionnaire survey of QA practitioners in Taiwan and Japan.
This paper is based on a qualitative case study approach. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants from the Ministry of Education and Training (MOET) and three tourism training institutions in Vietnam.
The study employed a quantitative research design. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 21.
Based on the existing research results of the QAA mechanism of the international, national, HEIs, professional and the third-party QAAs, the initiative of this paper, by opening a new road for itself, focuses on the registration system of regional and international QAas, aiming to further enrich the accreditation and registration theory of QA of HE.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on ASEAN's flagship universities and regional integration initiatives in higher education (HE).
This paper is a case study of the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross-border exercises in Macao. The case study is based on the experience of HKCAAV QA in the two exercises.
The study adopts a qualitative approach using semi-structured interviews with administrators and faculty members of three public universities in the Philippines. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data.
This paper is based on the author's experience as a practitioner with extensive institutional and accreditation experience internationally who wishes today's information tools had been available in the past.
The study is based on a comparative study of the three programs. The authors conducted a literature review of the programs' policies, programs' objectives, and programs' activities. They also conducted interviews with the program coordinators of each program in order to gain a better understanding of their programs and the challenges they face.
The conceptual framework for the research project is based on a review of the literature on hybridization in higher education in general and Malaysian universities in particular. The conceptual framework was developed based on the literature review and a series of expert workshops conducted in Malaysia and other Asian countries.
The CAVS was developed based on an extensive literature review. The CAVS consists of three dimensions, namely, personal value, collective value, and collective value of college attendance, and two sub-dimensions, achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree. Data were collected from a sample of second-year students at a public university in Taiwan. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
This paper adopts the microeconomic theory of micromechanisms and macro geography theory to investigate the shaping effect of the Internet on China's economic geography. Based on the micro-economic theory, this paper develops a theoretical framework to analyse the micro and macro effects of China's Internet on the economic geography of China.
This paper is based on a scientific understanding of the fundamentals of China's economic development. The authors use factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform to determine the factors that determine the long-term and short-term economic fundamentals.
First, the paper theoretically summarises the connotations of Marxist political economics and the rich contents of Marxist economics and points out the special position of capital in Marxist economics, providing a starting point for further exploring the concrete ways of upholding the guidance of Marxist economic theory. Then, it concretely transforms the principle of "upholding the Guidance of Marxist Economics" into three levels of approaches and methods, which are adherence and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development and preliminarily discusses their applicability to socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics.
This paper is based on the analysis of the new development concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness, sharing, and sharing proposed by Xi. The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system.
- The paper reviews the existing theories of the competition amongst China's local governments and affirms the ideological school represented by works of Shi Zhengfu and later works of Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung. The main achievements of this school include the attribution of the economic motives of local governments to the acquisition of rent and demonstration of land public finance as the strategic investment by local governments using through rents. The paper further attempts to further develop the analytical approach based on a Marxist framework, for which the authors introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of landpublic finance, i.e. the local governments' investment in the built environment as defined by Harvey.
Drawing on the research of the above scholars, the second part of this paper analyses the inherent defects of economic liberalism and state interventionism as well as the reasons why they can hardly be adopted as the theoretical guidance for emerging market economies to handle the relationship between government and market. The third part analyses how China has transcended the inherent thinking of liberalism and interventionism and shaped the new relationship betweengovernment and market through goal-oriented, active and progressive, two-way interactive exploration and practice to ensure the success of China's economic transition. The fourth part analyses the government and the market build a new relationship of integration and common prosperity in target selection, production organisation, technological innovation, institutional change and regulatory adjustment.
- The paper reviews the historical development of China's foreign exchange market from its establishment in 1978 to the present day and discusses the reasons for the development of the market.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature on structural changes and economic growth in China over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up.
- The paper is based on a critical analysis of the historical development of China's economic operation and development, and draws from and sums up the fundamental features of socialism with Chinese characteristics in its economic operation. Among these features, the coordination and balance of economic structure is a critical one.
This paper systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics. In this paper, the authors analyze the characteristics of connotation development and evolution in the past 70 years.
Based on the fundamental principle and analytical method of Marxist political economy, this paper tries to build a Marxist-based analytical framework for healthcare issues by analysing the special properties of both doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines, so as to establish a theoretical basis for solving healthcare problems.
This paper is based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy, and it proposes a theoretical framework for supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks.
The paper is based on the Marxist political economy analysis of capitalism. The basic conclusion of the Marxist economic theory is that capitalism has impeded the development of social productivity due to the fundamental capitalist conflicts and must be replaced by a new social system to promote the progress of the human society continuously. Public capital is the fundamental guarantee for socialism with Chinese characteristics to break free of the shackles of capitalism and continuously develop social productivity.
The paper is based on a political-economic analysis of "Internet space". The paper uses the concept of "internet space" as a new economic form, which is defined from the perspective of productive forces and social relations of production, as well as from the perspectives of ownership and distribution of the means of production.
The answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's Hypothesis about China" is based on a concurrent discussion of the direction of rural reform in China. It is a theoretical answer to the question of why capitalist production did not appear in China at the earliest.
- The paper uses the data of China's land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure from 1953 to 2008, and it uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to estimate the contribution of land to the infrastructure development.
The authors conducted a questionnaire survey to collect primary data and conducted a series of focus group interviews to collect secondary data. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modelling (SEM) method.
A multisector dynamic general equilibrium (DSGE) framework is constructed to analyze the relation between China's land system, land supply mode and its economic growth. The model includes the multiple sectors such as industrial and service sectors, and land and infrastructure will be viewed as production factors in the production of each sector.
This paper conducts analyses from the perspectives of the nature and function of money, the financial connotation of Marx's monetary theory, and the practical significance of the monetary theory.
The paper uses the data of the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China (NBSC) for the period from 1978 to 2008. The data are divided into two parts. In the first part, the state-owned enterprises in China are classified into two groups, namely, "state-owned and state-holding enterprises" and "other ownership enterprises." The other ownership enterprises are classified as urban-r rural individual economy and non-urban-rural individual economy with Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan-funded economy as well as foreign- funded economy comprising the main part. The performance efficiency of state- owned enterprises is measured by the ratio of their output to the gross industrial output value.
This paper reviews the development of China's economics in the past 70 years through a critical analysis of the major themes of reform and opening up and economic development in the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristics guided by Marxism.
This paper reviews the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyzed its causes and responses, and summarized the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth. This provides important theoretical significance and practical value for the China's responses to the current trend of economic downturn, the change from rapid growth to high-quality development in the new era, and the effective promotion of sustainable economic growth under the new normal.
The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It also discusses how the development and prosperity of Chinese philosophy and social science should grasp and accommodate resources from three aspects.
Based on monetary policy transmission, financial conditions index (FCI) is developed as an index that integrates the channels of interest rate, exchange rate, inflation rate and asset price. The authors use a panel data approach to construct FCI.
This paper uses the time-varying impact of China's financial cycle on macro-economy and its asymmetric characteristics by constructing financial situation index and combining TVP-VAR model. By calculating the financial cycle and comparing it with the growth and price cycles in the economic cycle, this paper finds that: first, the synergy between the growth cycle and the price cycle is constantly increasing, which indicates that the internal consistency of the economic and financial cycles is constantly improving, while the synergistic relationship between the financial and economic cycles is first strengthened and then weakened, showing an "inverse U-shaped" relationship. Second, from 2012 to now, the financial or economic cycles have shown obvious differentiation or even deviation, indicating that the short-term macro-control based on monetary policy can no longer smooth the economic or financial cycle at the same time.
This paper uses the population density index (PDI) method to measure the urbanization level in China, and then it compares it with that of the USA, the UK and the USA. It also compares the real urbanization rate in China with that in other countries.
The paper discusses the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries.
This paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the relationship between local government debt and regional economic growth in China. In addition, this paper uses a panel data approach to examine the impact of different types of local government debts on regional growth.
In this paper, the authors selected data from 18 sectors from 1993 to 2015 for an empirical test. Then, further panel data are used to investigate the status of returns to scale of the overall economy, and the impact of physical capital, human capital and R&D input on China's overall output from the supply side.
This paper applies the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply demand and demand are analyzed in political economy, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished in real political economy? Second, what is the fundamental nature of the reform? Third, what are the tasks of supply- side structural reform and what is its nature and purpose?
The logic of China's 40-year economic reform is to clarify the stage of development, involving the theory of the primary stage of socialism and the Theory of the new era, which have generated four dimensions of reform. These four dimensions constitute the major theoretical breakthroughs in the field of political economy. Each of these major breakthroughs is accompanied by a series of innovations in relevant theories, which constitute a synthesis of a set of major theoretical innovations in political economics. In the process of reform, although every landmark theoretical breakthrough is marked by the speech of the highest leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC) or the decision of the CPC National Congress, each breakthrough is attributable to the theoretical contribution made by the academia of politicaleconomics. Notably, these theoretical breakthroughS invariably embrace innovations in the discourse system of political economies.
Starting with the phenomenon of surplus labor transfer, this paper analyzes the key links on which this development path is generated and succeeds and the institutional mechanisms that support them to uncover the theoretical logic behind the Mystery of China.
The paper examines the shared development concept of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The shared development concepts of equity and justice, community of freeman and community of common destiny are examined from the perspective of Chinese political economics. The concept of shared development is compared with the concepts of community and shared development of Western political economics and the concept of sharing wages in the capitalist economy.
This paper is based on the analysis of China's marketization process over the past four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies.
This study adopts a dynamic model perspective to examine the relationship between interest rate marketization (marketization) and bank runs in the context of interest rate liberalization. In particular, the dynamic model is based on the theoretical framework developed by Fama (1980).
The basic framework of building a modern economic system is based on the theory of development economics. The key issues of the construction of a modern economy are identified and discussed in the context of the 19th CPC National Congress Report.
Based on the background of economic globalization and China's practice of reform and opening up, SPECC has gradually formed a series of theoretical views on opening up to the outside world. It believes that opening up is a long-term basic national policy that aims to make full use of both domestic and international markets and resources.
This paper explores the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of USD as the world currency. The paper adopts a theoretical analysis of the logic of capital accumulation to analyze the nature of new imperialism.
The authors use the "Statistical Bulletin on National Science and Technology Funds Inputs in 2016" as the basis for analyzing the relationship between the development of the real economy and STI. The authors also use the concept of "underweighted real economy" and "overweighted virtual economy" to analyze the impact of STI on the real economic growth.
This paper is based on a historical and dialectical approach to critically reflect and examine the past economic issues and theories. It should be emphasized that the focus of this paper is not to explore the "mystery of China's growth" itself, nor to comment on western economic theories, but to reflect from a cognitive perspective on the unintentional or intentional misplacement or absence of scenarios in the cognitive model of the current "Chinese growth miracle," based on the collation and analysis of theoretical issues. While learning, understanding and applying western economic theory, the later generations shall try to recapitulate the historical scenarios that produced and accommodated them, to clarify the background of their origins, lest the scenarios become gradually blurred while history drifts away.
This study adopts a structural equation modeling approach to examine the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth and trade frictions in the Sino-US context.
This paper uses a panel data set of the Chinese manufacturing sector during the economic transition period to explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese monopolies. This paper uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) to estimate the relationship between corporate monopoly power and total factor productivity (TFP).
This paper is based on the analysis of Xi's speech on the theme of "Continuously Exploring the New Zeitgeist of Marxist Political Economy in China" at the 19th CPC National Congress of the CPC Central Committee.
This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature on HQD, as well as on the experience of the Chinese Communist Party during the transition from HSG to HQD.
- First, this paper will look back in history for the existence of long-term economic fluctuations in the development of capitalist countries. Next, it will consider the growth rate of industrial production, of total output, of the gross domestic product (GDP hereinafter), as well as the long- term fluctuations of world industrial production in the major capitalist countries from the middle of the nineteenth century to the 1970s.
The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth and common prosperity of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This paper uses 2,440 micro samples of 609 Chinese enterprises outbound investment from 2005 to 2016 to discuss the effects of formal and informal institutional differences on the decision making and result of enterprise investment. The paper also discusses whether the impact varies due to the host country's participation in the BRI.
This paper adopts the hedonic price equation method to estimate the R&D value of Chinese manufacturing listed companies. The underlying assumption is that: a listed company is a combination of assets (usually including plant and equipment, inventory, intellectual property, trademarks and reputation), whose value is determined by the financial market every day, and the margin shadow value (total return) of knowledge assets in the market can be obtained from the regression coefficient. This paper also introduces investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, and estimates the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment on enterprise value.
This paper uses the welfare economics approach to analyze the industrial spatial layout restructuring in China's eastern coastal areas. The authors use the social optimal agglomeration and the market optimal aggLomeration as the theoretical frameworks, and then apply them to the industrial layout restructuring of China.
This study uses a panel data set of companies listed on the GEM for ten years from 2009 to 2016. The data set consists of 1,845 companies listed in the G EM. The authors use the ordinary least squares regression model to evaluate the relationship between innovation performance and its determinants, and the regression model is also used to examine the impact of R&D inputs on innovation performance.
From the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology, this paper discusses the principal contradiction and its evolution in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics. The political economy methods of the dialectical materialism and the historical materialism, as well as the scientific abstract methods are demonstrated in Das Kapital and Marx's other books on economics.
This paper is based on a review of the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era. The major innovations are summarized from the following aspects.
This paper uses the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap.
This paper is based on a theoretical analysis of the SPECC's development in the context of China's economic reform and modernization.
This paper adopts a qualitative research approach to develop a theoretical system for the contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The theoretical system is based on a series of major theoretical innovations in economic system, economic operation and economic development that lead the great practice of the socialist economic construction with Chinese characteristic into success.
The paper adopts a theoretical approach and conducts a detailed examination on the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy under the backdrop of socialism.
This paper uses the tax elasticity coefficient of China's taxation revenue as a measure of revenue-increasing ability and the ratio of tax revenue growth rate to GDP growth rate as an indicator of revenue growth momentum.
This paper uses a unified analytical framework to examine the determinants on China's structural change in a unified framework and analyze the direction and magnitude of each of these effects.
This paper is based on the analysis of the current situation of China's foreign trade development and provides a theoretical framework for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade.
- This paper is based on a review of Wang Yanan's research on the relationship between Das Kapital and the political economy in the broad sense.
This paper uses the panel data, from 1998 to 2015, from 30 provinces and regions of China, and takes an empirical test on the sample panel data. The evaluations of the dynamic panel data model through DiffGMM and SYSGMM both present a mechanism affecting the quality of economic growth in China's advancement.
The technical efficiency of the health-care systems of 21 selected middle-income countries during the period 2000-2016 has been evaluated using the method of generalized method of moments (GMM). The data used in this study have been obtained from the World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Report for the period of 2000-2008. The data have been analyzed using the GMM method.
This paper is a case study of the 2019 EP elections in Malta, which was conducted using a combination of primary and secondary data sources. Primary data were collected through a series of focus groups and interviews with key actors involved in the election campaign and post-election analysis of the results. Secondary data were gathered through a variety of sources, including official statistics, newspaper articles, newspaper reports, newspaper clippings, political party websites and social media.
Based on the neorealist approach in international relations, this paper attempted to answer that question: first, through defining the concept of terrorism and how the Americans perceive it; second, via pinpointing the characteristic of the American counter-terrorism strategy before September 11 attacks; and third, through examining the effects of those terrorist attacks on that strategy.
This paper is a review of Powell, Emilia (2020): Islamic Law and International Law: Peaceful Resolution of Disputes, Oxford.
The study uses the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) and bound testing approach to examine the causality between stock market development and economic growth in Tanzania.
Using system dynamic panel estimation methodology on annual data for 11 MENA countries and 23 EMs over the period 1990-2017, the study uses several measures of financial inclusion that cover access side of financial services to analyze its impact on eradicating extreme poverty (SDG 1).
This paper embarks on a qualitative approach to the review of the literature with implications for practice in examining how universities globally are applying strategies in raising students' skill levels to enhance future workplace value. It begins first by tracing the development of various models, theoretical frameworks pertaining to best practice approaches towards changes in political science curriculum over recent decades. Then, it provides recommendations for practical of approaches to increasing the value of the discipline via the acquisition of training and skills, innovative learning pedagogies and the deployment of targeted career and employability initiatives.
The paper uses the concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts. It uses the Mbitian horizon of analysis to explain the communalist vision of African society upon which Mbiti's arguments are grounded and to pre-empt any suspicions of African supernaturalism that might rise from studying such an abstract concept by outlining the existential nature upon which African concepts of personhood and destiny are based.
The authors introduce loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006), investigating the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss- averse agents and examining the effect of levying transaction taxes on market stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies.
To achieve this objective, the authors will analyze the relationship between military expenditure and economic growth, using time series approach, and Hendry general-to-specific (GTS) modeling methodology.
The study uses the Yemeni Revolution as a case study to analyze the impact of Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen on the security of the Arabian Gulf in light of Neorealism. The analysis is based on the analysis of the literature review and the analysis level of the Neorealist approach.
To answer this question, this paper presents the various contributions of psychology on one hand and social psychology on the other hand in an attempt to discover the importance of interdisciplinary fields such as social psychology.
The research was conducted on four social enterprises operating in Egypt as well as the ministry of social solidarity as a representative for the government with regards to that field. The data were collected via semi-structured interviews with the representatives of social enterprises and the Ministry of Social solidarity.
This paper uses IPE theory to explain the Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share during the oil price war.
This study is based on a sample of graduate and undergraduate students from the Faculty of Economics and Political Science, Cairo University. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to a convenience sample of 1,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The research model was tested using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the foreign policies of small states in the light of the theories of international relations. The literature is divided into three groups. The first group deals with the theoretical dimensions of small state's foreign behavior. The second group includes studied which focus on the impact of international environment on small states' external behavior. Finally, the third group of studies deals with studies on the external behavior of small developing countries.
The research problem revolves around the main following question: What is the nature of the regional challenges facing Kuwait since the outbreak of the Arab Spring revolutions? The study is divided into the following four sections: Iran's threat to Kuwait's national security, the impact of theArab Spring revolutions on Kuwait's National Security, the Gulf crisis and its impact on Kuwaits national security and research findings. The study uses a qualitative approach.
This paper is based on the theoretical perspective of human resources restructuring, which focuses on a broader perspective that focuses on the alignment of many considerations such as the economic conditions experienced by governments in facing the economic problems related to workers during and after restructuring, the harmonization of social considerations of workers and the arising parallel social norms such as unemployment rates and creation of new opportunities. When starting human resource restructuring, it is important to maintain the effective elements within the government sector.
Panel data analysis is used to estimate the relationship between food production and different climate-change factors (namely precipitation and temperature) in EAC States.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the local councils in Erbil. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
This paper is divided into two main parts: the first part studies the theoretical framework that deal with individuals in international relations theory. It begins with analyzing the individual, as presented in formal state officials and ruling elites. Afterwards, it investigates new models of individuals affecting the international arena without having any formal authority, whether they are collective or individual. The second part is concerned with private entrepreneurs in international relation and their authority, examining the case of Mark Zuckerberg, and his private authority as a global actor in a networked world. It manifests the case study ofMark Zuckerberg and his influence.
The paper is based on the theoretical framework and its application of EU-Russian energy relations theory, which developed in Copenhagen school for security studies, founded by Barry Buzan. This school tried to interpret the untraditional security concept through expanding its scope of by adding new risks and dimensions than the traditional ones.
The paper is based on a review of the work of the International Law Commission's work on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties.
The study is based on a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire survey that was distributed to the local administration and local communities in Egypt. The questionnaire was designed to measure the level of participation of local administration in the planning process. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation and regression analysis.
This paper uses two approaches: the comparative case study approach: according to Lijnders-Collier (1993), the authors can use a small number of cases to provide a framework to generate useful data analysis and test the hypothesis of a given study (Collier, 1993). This paper will use this approach to study the areas of similarities and differences between the two cases, and how despite the same historical context in regard to party formation they showed different reactions to the opportunities and challenges on the political scene and thus ended up with two different courses.
The present research considers a variant of the neoclassical theory of investment, namely, the average Q model. The empirical model is based on a panel data set covering the period 1982-2015. The model is estimated using the ordinary least squares method.
The paper is based on an analytical framework that considers institutions from two-aspect approach: first, institutions as the rules of the game for both administrative and budgetary lines of governance; second, institution as interconnected arrangements. This association should function within the measures of outputs and outcomes of responsive governments who are committed to a set of social values that both administration and budget systems attempt to serve. As a case for comparative analysis, budgetary practices in advanced economies are elaborated as benchmark of deeply rooted systems with an aligned administrative and fiscal temperament.
The paper is based on the analysis of the experiences of Tunisia and Egypt during and after December 2010, January 2011 and June 30, 2011, respectively.
The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of Poland, which is one of the first Eastern European countries to break the socialist rule in 1989. The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, the authors conducted interviews with the top-level officials of the bureaucracy. The second phase of the research was based on the analysis of the documents and documents of the relevant institutions. The primary data were collected through a questionnaire survey.
The study extends the stylized micro-founded small open economy New Keynesian dynamic stochastic general equilibrium (DSGE) model, proposed by Lubik and Schorfheide (2007), by explicitly introducing fiscal policy behavior into the model. The model is calibrated using quarterly data for Egypt on key macroeconomic variables during FY2004/2005:Q1-FY2015/2016:Q4, and Bayesian methods are used in estimation.
The paper uses unbalanced cross-sectional time series data that is estimated using the panel corrected standard error method using STATA 13.1. The paper uses the panel data of six MENA countries over the period 2000-2016.
Using the ELMPS 2012 survey results, an ordered logit model is estimated to analyze the determinants of job satisfaction. The determinants considered include travel time to job, working hours, medical insurance, social security, paid and sick leave, job stability and wage level. The model will control for individual and household characteristics. Moreover, the authors check if the results of the model would differ according to gender. In addition, a multinomial logit models is also estimated to check the robustness of the results.
This study uses a quantitative approach to investigate the adoption of e-commerce in SMEs in Saudi Arabia and examines what impact this phenomenon is having on business strategy. Additionally, it attempts to identify the factors that moderate this relationship. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was distributed to a sample of SMEs located in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
This study uses the "American Primacy" theory which helps explain how the USA can be targeted for being the major global power, and the "anti-Americanism" theory, which explains how it can suffer from terrorist attacks as a result of the policies it adopts with the outside world. Various aspects of the American foreign policy are examined: the foreign aid dimension, the economic dimension,The military dimension, supporting fighters and finally the view that a group of policies adopted by the USA provoked the outsideworld and stood behind the attacks.
The paper is structured into three main sections. First, the proposed theoretical framework is explained. Second, the dependent variable SFP is defined. Then, the third section offers an examination of the impact of domestic structure on SFP.
An open system approach was adopted for this study. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, which was sent to the top managers of public organizations in Egypt. The responses were analyzed by means of descriptive statistics, factor analysis and correlation analysis.
The research was divided into six sections. As discussed below, the research investigates the significance of the contemporary Islamic Banking. Section 4 investigates the literature review of Musharakah financing. Section 5 studies the impact on investment by the return rate of Musharkah. Section 6 examines the present value and the marginal sufficiency rate of investment and the return rates of Investor's MusharakAH. Section 8 analyzes the monetary policy and the returns rate of depositors' musharakah and Bank's musharakAH and the discount rate in the Islamic economy.
This study uses a multiple cause multiple indicators (MIMIC) model to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt. The study uses primary data from a cross-sectional survey conducted by the Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics (CAPMAS) in 2014/2015.
The study employs a structural VAR approach to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt. The study uses the panel data for the period from January 2000 to December 2013.
This study adopted an analytical approach in its theoretical part and used an empirical study in the applied one. The empirical study was conducted at the National Bank of Egypt (NBE), as it adopted an exploratory approach in the theoretical part, and it used a questionnaire survey to collect data from the employees of the bank.
This paper is based on the analysis of the economic, political and social aspects of the Arab Spring in Egypt. The authors used the data from the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) and the World Bank (WB) to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution on economic, social and political aspects.
The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a series of in-depth interviews with the experts of the energy industry in the region. The interviews were conducted in the field of energy security.
The present study is an initiative to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre- and post-introduction phases of PMJDY. The study is based on the data of PSBs for the period of 2014-2015 to 2017-2018.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 100 firms operating in Lagos, Nigeria. Data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling.
The authors use the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) framework to decompose the determinants of bank deposits into short- and long-run determinants. The authors estimate the long- and short-run bank-level and macroeconomic drivers of bank deposit growth using the panel data approach.
The authors developed an investor sentiment index (ISI) by a direct survey approach based on internationally validated survey questions in regard to stock market drivers as hypothesized here. The authors used the principal components analysis (PCA) approach to construct the ISI from primary survey data for the Indian retail investors. The ISI was constructed by using the principal component analysis method.
In this study, the authors collected product reviews from the online retailer Amazon website. Among the product categories, they chose experience goods, and sample reviews are collected for ghee and honey. From the organic and regular versions of the product reviews, they have computed the sentiment scores and review length for further analyses. The sentiment scores are computed from the text mining algorithms.
Using a quasi-literature review, the authors have collated and explored different definitions of happiness while at the same time looking at the evidence on happiness measurement framework from a selected number of countries and research organisations.
A questionnaire was developed based on the existing literature. The questionnaire was distributed to the faculty members of public and private universities/aided colleges in India. The respondents were asked to rate the importance of various happiness factors on a five-point Likert-type scale. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 software.
Data were collected using a structured questionnaire from the customers of departmental stores in Albaha Region, Saudi Arabia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique.
The study is based on the data collected from the financial specialists of India. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire and the data were analyzed by using the SPSS and AMOS software.
For the sake of identifying dimensions of financial inclusion and assigning suitable weights thereto, the study uses factor analysis (FA). Finally, using non-linear aggregation of intermediate dimensional indicators the study arrives at the composite index for a study period 2013-2017 spanning over 26 countries belonging from the continent of Asia and extends further by tracking the significance of changes over the period of study for countries classified under different income groups.
A cross-sectional survey design was used to collect data from nurses working in government tertiary hospitals in Lagos State, Nigeria. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling (SEM).
The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the respondents who were members or non-members of SHGs. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The study is based on the data available with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the period of 2011-2018. The data are analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0. The analysis is done on the basis of the growth rate in the NPA level of the banks.
The paper is based on a case study of an employee of Xenic Insurance Company Limited. The author has used the case study method to illustrate the ethical dilemma faced by the employee.
Data were collected from the employees of hotels in the state of Himachal Pradesh using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The study is based on primary data collected through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, logistic regression and logit regression.
The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 occupational therapy students at a Norwegian university. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a self-report questionnaire was used to measure impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance. The second phase consisted of a questionnaire survey to assess the use of cognitive strategy in the occupational performance of individuals with acquired brain injury (ABI). The questionnaire was distributed to individuals with ABI in a Dutch rehabilitation hospital.
A qualitative research design was used in this study. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with eight lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+) adults living in Ireland. Data were analysed using a participatory occupational justice lens.
This study is based on a qualitative study of occupational therapists working in municipalities in Norway. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with occupational therapists in the municipality health-care teams. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using thematic analysis.
The Adolescent/Adult Sensory Profile (AASP) was administered to 71 healthy adults aged 11 years and over. Participants completed the AASP and the Diagnostic and Statistical Analysis of Variance in Sensory Processing (DASS) questionnaire. The associations of SPPs with age, sex, education and ethnicity were examined.
An electronic survey was used to collect data from occupational therapists working with older adults in Ireland. An electronic survey instrument was distributed to all occupational therapists in Ireland, resulting in a response rate of 20 per cent. The questionnaire consisted of a series of open-ended questions relating to the use of evidence-based falls prevention programmes.
An integrative review of the occupational therapy literature was conducted to determine the extent to which sensory-based interventions are being practiced in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The review was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a systematic search was conducted for articles published in peer-reviewed journals in the field of occupational therapy. The second phase of the review involved a content analysis of the selected articles to identify and categorise the sensory interventions that were used in these studies.
In total, 60 patients were referred for treatment of intra-articular fractures of the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint in the health service in Ireland. The methods of treatment were described by the surgeons and physiotherapists. The timing of referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy was also investigated.
This study draws on archival data from Grangegorman Mental Hospital and its auxiliary hospital, Portrane Mental Hospital, Dublin. It uses archival records and archival research to explore the development of occupational therapy in these hospitals from 1934 to 1954.
A mixed methods design was used to explore the role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten occupational therapists (n=5) and two occupational therapists from a multi-disciplinary team (n =3) in a critical care unit. Data were analysed using thematic analysis.
An exploratory study was conducted using a mixed-methods approach. Data were collected from a national survey of occupational therapists in Ireland (n=9) and a national online survey of the occupational therapy (OT) profession in the USA and the UK. The survey was sent to all occupational therapists working in Ireland.
A prospective follow-up study was conducted using a cross-sectional design. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those who were not in paid employment or education and those who received an early intervention for psychosis service (EIPS) job retention programme. The outcomes investigated were engagement with the interventions and work outcomes following receipt of the appropriate intervention.
A qualitative research design was used to explore attitudes held by three stakeholder groups (service users, relatives and health-care professionals) involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of AT to facilitate self-management. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions.
The study was qualitative in nature and relied on participants' verbal descriptions of their experiences of the training. It focussed on environmental components of sensory functioning within the classroom and did not consider other aspects such as use of sensory strategies. Themes which emerged were that environmental modifications were essential to promote participation for the child with autism in the classroom.
Data were collected from a random sample of 1,000 international and domestic occupational therapy students at a large Australian university. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
A qualitative approach was adopted for this study. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 20 parents of children who had attended hippotherapy. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data.
The study was carried out in an acute regional hospital in Ireland using a self-report questionnaire and a mini mental state examination (MMSE) to assess the ability of patients to remember how to use prescribed and demonstrated assistive devices.
The PAG completed a survey with occupational therapists working in Ireland to gather feedback about current practice. The survey aimed to highlight how the AON is being completed by occupational therapists nationally and to highlight any discrepancies or concerns raised by occupational therapist working in paediatrics.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among children of age 7 to 12 years. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and visual behaviour analysis. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to explore the potential link between underlying performance components and areas of occupational performance.
A survey was conducted among occupational therapists in Ireland. The questionnaire was sent to all occupational therapists working in the Republic of Ireland. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to occupational therapists.
The authors conducted a literature review of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and reviewed the relevant legislation and occupational therapy practice in Ireland. The authors conducted semi-structured interviews with occupational therapists in Ireland to explore professional issues and to identify training and resource needs.
This study used a cross-sectional design. The study population consisted of patients admitted to an in-patient GEM unit of a large tertiary health care facility in Victoria, Australia, over a period of three months. The participants were aged 60 years and above, and they completed the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) at the beginning and end of the study period.
Participants completed drinking and hammering tasks while wearing a wrist orthosis and a no orthosis condition. The elbow and shoulder movements were measured using a twin-axis electrogoniometer and electromyography.
This paper is based on a case study of the development of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's University Hospital, Dublin, from 1935 to 1969. Data were collected from archival sources and interviews with key staff members, including occupational therapists, psychiatrists, nurses and social workers.
A qualitative approach was used to explore teachers' perspectives on handwriting difficulties experienced by children with ASD in relation to pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers and occupational therapists.
A national survey of Irish paediatric occupational therapy practitioners was conducted in 2017. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to all occupational therapists working with children of age three to seven years in Ireland.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design to examine the relationship between perfectionism and human occupation and time-use in a sample of junior Occupational Science students. Students were randomly assigned to one of two groups: perfectionists or non-perfectionists.
This paper is based on a qualitative study of occupational therapists' practices and roles with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with occupational therapists from the Irish Association for Supported Employment (IASE) in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the employment of peer workers in inpatient psychiatric units in Australia and Ireland.
- A qualitative study was conducted using semi-structured interviews with ten men with psychosis who had participated in the football programme.
A questionnaire was developed and distributed to undergraduate occupational therapy students at a university in the UK. The questionnaire was distributed to students at the beginning of the course and at the end of their placement. A total of 100 questionnaires were distributed to the students. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis.
This paper is a case study of an eight-week exercise-based programme in Offaly, Ireland, which aimed to improve the mood and well-being of participants with a mental health condition. The programme involved the use of the Operation Transformation Programme (OTP) by the Occupational Therapists of the MOHO. The OTP is a multi-disciplinary approach to mental health and wellbeing that aims to promote physical activity as a meaningful occupational occupation.
An overview of three major transitions in the history of occupational therapy in Ireland is presented: from moral treatment to medical patronage, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists.
Thematic analysis was used to explore how gender informs the occupational choices of adolescents in rural Ireland. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions. Thematic analysis highlighted the complexity of choice.
The EAT programme was created from a blend of therapy associated with the use of horses as well as specific knowledge and skills unique to occupational therapy. Using the movement of the horse to target motor skills and sensory processing linked with much of the research in relation to hippotherapy. Comparable to therapeutic riding, some basic riding exercises and pony games were drawn on to target attention, gross and fine motor skills. Personal development and responsibility were explored by using suitable horse care activities which linked to theories related to equine-assisted learning.
- Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten occupational therapists and ten occupational therapy students at the University of Limerick. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data.
A qualitative research design was used. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with occupational therapists working in mental health occupational therapy and supported employment. Thematic analysis was used to analyse the data.
This paper presents an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations.
Qualitative interviews were conducted with ten VT managers and six team leaders from a variety of organizations. Thematic analysis was used to analyze the data.
This experiential exercise uses an in-class basketball game to teach equity and expectancy theories to undergraduate students in a fun, competitive format.
A survey was administered to a sample of employees in a large public sector organization in the USA. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships.
Survey data were collected from a sample of employees and their immediate supervisors from a variety of organizations in the USA. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships.
A survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 employees in the USA. Respondents were randomly assigned to one of two conditions: one in which they were asked to choose between denying restroom rights to a transgender employee or allowing the employee to use the restroom of his/her choice, and the other in which the employee was allowed to use whichever restroom he/she chose. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
The author conducts a comprehensive review of the empirical research on incumbent adaptation to technological discontinuities and proposes a new paradigm for future research.
The authors present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create compelling and effective organizational visions using foresight and futures literacy strategies.
This study used a 2 (FTS: activated vs not activated) x 2 (gender: men vs women) between-subjects experimental design. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three negotiation scenarios (buyer vs seller, buyer vs seller) and were asked to evaluate their proactive negotiation behavior.
The paper draws on the social network literature to develop a conceptual model of the influence of different kinds of social networks on the different forms of action individuals take in the context of organizational withdrawals.
A survey was administered to a sample of undergraduate business students who were using Google Docs to collaborate on their group projects. The data were analyzed using descriptive and inferential statistics, t-tests and ANOVA.
A 2 (message medium: face-to-face vs e-mail) x 2 (content: rude vs neutral) between-subjects experimental design was used to test the hypotheses. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two conditions (face- to-face or e-mails) and were then asked to complete a task and evaluate the performance of another person.
The authors employ a quadratic and spline model estimated using fixed effects and system Generalized Method of Moments (GMM), while Chudik et al. (2017) apply panel threshold-Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ARDL) model. In addition, country coverage is also considered.
- Using the same set of data, the research is conducted to measure the efficiency of Vietnamese commercial banks in two different methods including the stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) and the data envelopment analysis (DEA). These are the two most commonly used efficient frontier measures in bank efficiency studies. The results of the two methods are then compared to make the most appropriate comments.
The study uses ARDL cointegration as a method of econometric analysis. The approach distinguishes short-run and long-run effects of the financial integration process. Other macroeconomic variables depend on the volatility of these two variables.
Annual panel data of nine ASEAN countries are employed over 1996-2017. The panel vector-error correction framework is amongst the appropriate approaches to investigate the dynamic interaction amongst the variables. Accordingly, the authors can treat our variables as endogenous and then examine both short- and long-term Granger-causal impacts of one variable on others.
This study uses a cross-sectional survey to collect data from a sample of 1,000 Vietnamese manufacturing SMEs. The data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach.
The bounds tests approach has been employed to investigate the relationship between the variables in both the short-run and long-run dynamics.
Time-series data from January 2004 to December 2017 have been used in order to test the cointegrating relationship, Granger causality and build vector autoregression (VAR) model.
The study exploits daily information of oil price changes to analyse macroeconomic variables in lower frequency by employing mixed data sampling approach (MIDAS) with beta weight method.
The dependent variable in the study was the FDI variable and the independent variables were fiscal incentives measured with corporate tax rates, corporate market size, as well as the level of real GDP, trade openness and exchange rate. The study employed the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to analyze the data.
Using a sample of 1,318 observations from 192 firms listed in Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange (HOSE) over the period from 2008 to 2017, the authors develop both logit and tobit regression models in which the relationship between insider ownership and independent director appointment is non-linear. The effects of state ownership and foreign ownership and control variables are examined with a linear structure.
The study uses a time-varying generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on the African stock markets.
This study used the combination of the assessment protocol of van Asselt et al. (2014), Vanloon et al.'s (2005) climate adaptive model (CA), and the MCA methodology to assess the sustainability level of rice-shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts of Ben Tre province, Vietnam. The assessment framework consisted of six sustainability categories, namely, productivity, stability, efficiency, compatibility, durability, compatibility and equity, which were assessed by both qualitative and quantitative indicators.
- Based on the relevant theoretical background, this paper uses structural equation modelling (SEM) to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the MRD.
The study uses data from the World Bank's Global Financial Inclusion Survey (GIS) and the Ghana, Nigeria and South Africa (CGAP) to estimate the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity. The study uses a panel data set of Nigeria's agriculture sector for the years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
The PS stratification method is used to classify the provinces in subgroup. The variables used in the PS method are the number of achieved NRD criterion in 2011, per capita income in 2010, the proportion of minority ethnic minority communes of the provinces and population density, 63 provinces are classified into five subgroups with very different characteristics. Based on PS subgroup, the impact of factors on result of NRD program in the period 2011-2019 is estimated.
The paper uses the data from the World Bank's database on infrastructure development for Sub-Saharan Africa for the period 1990-2011. It uses the method of fixed-effects panel data regression to estimate the effect of infrastructure development on industrial sector productivity.
- The paper is divided into seven major sections. The first part of introduction will provide background knowledge and general idea of how the analysis manages to address the problem of controversial results in a coherent and logical way. Next, five major theories of capital structure will be discussed to demonstrate the possible influence of leverage on the firm value. Around 15 empirical researches will be summarized, based on which hypotheses of this paper will be developed for future testing, including one on the relationship of interest and seven others concerning the moderating effect of potential third factors. The methodology is then explained with the basis of meta-analytical approaches as well as data collection and processing methods. After that, descriptive analysis will classify different groups of paper-specific features and exhibit descriptive statistics of the regression outcomes from the selected studies. In the fifth section of quantitative analysis, the strength of relationship between capital structure and firm performance, or the overall effect size, will be measured and combined according to the standardized framework proposed by Hedges and his colleagues
The study uses data from ECOWAS Member States for the period 2000-2016. The authors use the panel data technique to decompose the trade data into regional trade and non-regional trade. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the impact of regional trade on economic growth.
The authors use the immigration matrix of Putterman and Weil (2010), which provides the share of the contemporary population of each country that was descended from East Asian people in the year 1500, to measure the impact of Confucianism across various countries in the world. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of political development, the empirical specification specification is based on the cross-country analysis of the World Values Survey.
- The paper uses a panel data set from the Vietnam General Statistics Office for the period 1995-2011 to estimate the impact of higher tobacco tax on output and employment. The data set is based on the tobacco production and employment data from the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
Based on the FI index built by the principal component analysis (PCA) method, the authors divide the sample into two FI groups: high and low degree of FI. By using panel vector auto-regression (PVAR), the study examines the impact on the output gap and inflation to IR in the two groups of economies with different levels of FI to answer the main research question.
This study uses the annual report of public companies in Indonesia as the data source for this study. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) for the period of 2011-2016. This study used the ordinary least squares regression to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance.
The author uses vector autoregression (VAR) model to estimate the exchange rate pass-through into inflation (ERPT) in Vietnam.
The gravity model is used as one of the best theoretical frameworks to estimate the export value of Vietnamese handicrafts using panel data. Breusch-Pagan LM test shows that the most efficient model is the random effect model. However, there exist multicollinearity, autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity, so we use the feasible general least squares to solve the phenomenon.
The authors use dynamic productivity decomposition method to examine the impact of technology spillover, reallocation of resources and competition to the productivity of Vietnamese manufacturing enterprises in the period 2000-2015. Using firm-level data, the authors decompose the contribution of firm's turnover to aggregate productivity growth into elements corresponding to: productivity improvement of continuing firms; a reallocating of market share from less productive to more productive firms; and the contributions of the exit of less productive firms and simultaneous entry of firms.
The authors examine 49 stock tickers included in Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange's VN100 Index as of January 1, 2019. Google search volume (GSV) tracked by Google Trends is used as a proxy for investor attention. The authors also examine impacts of stock-specific and market-related attention, measured by GSV, on stock illiquidity and stock volatility. The time span is five years, ranging from January 2014 to December 2018.
An empirical model and data used to test the impact of sectoral composition of growth on poverty reduction in Vietnam are presented in this paper.
The data are taken from the Labor Force Survey 2015 in Vietnam, and the estimations are performed with linear regression models performed with augmented Mincerian wage equation.
The methodology applied in this study focused on the nature and quality of disclosures in relation to the goodwill impairment testing process under HKAS 36. Basing on accumulated evidence obtained from the sample of listed firms in Hong Kong in three years after Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS) adoption, including Hong Kong Accounting Standards 36, the extent of technical compliance with requirements of disclosures considers as a surrogate for audit quality in the multi-year data set of time series.
An extended TPB model with the integration of the three components of materialistic values was proposed and five hypotheses were tested and all of them received support from the data from Vietnam, while one failed to get support from Taiwan data. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. Structural equation modeling was used to test the research hypotheses.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from MBA students working at firms in Vietnam. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of shrimp farmers in Ca Mau province, Vietnam. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
By constructing the Vietnam input-output table for the year 2012 and utilizing the computable general equilibrium (CGE) modeling, this paper simulates the economic scenario when the tariff rate of the industrial sector reduces to 0 percent under the EVFTA.
The study uses the structural vector autoregression (SVAR) approach to analyze the effect of shocks in the various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria over the period of 1986Q1-2016Q4.
Using a research sample of 1,281 observations collected from 193 firms listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange during the period from 2009 to 2017, the authors develop a research model in which corporate investment is a function of Tobin's Q, the proportion of independent directors in the board and an interaction between them. Control variables include firm profitability, financial leverage, cash holdings, firm size and state ownership. The authors divide the full sample into groups of firms with low and high financial constraint to compare the effects of independent board directors between financially unconstrained and constrained firms. Financial constraint measures used are the Kaplan and Zingales (1997) index, financial debt and payout ratio.
This study uses a panel data set of mutual funds for the period of 1990-2017. The sample consists of more than 3,000 funds. The panel data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach.
With event study, t-test and OLS regression methods, the study finds evidence to prove that there is an average cumulative abnormal return (ACAR) of rival firms when a stock repurchase is announced in the Vietnamese stock market. Moreover, this ACAR round the event date is also affected by firms' characteristics.
Based on a survey of 266 firms in Vietnam, this study uses structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
In this study, the author conducted a pure replication of the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011) using the original data sets. The author used the same method and data sets, except that the author used a different method for the estimation of the regression model.
- After reviewing the domestic and foreign statuses of research on MSP, this paper has pointed out their deficiencies and analyzed the necessity of the research. First, it analyzed the differences between the MMFZP and MFZ. By comparing the concept and connotation, purpose and goal, zoning methods and zoning function of the two, the paper pointed out the concrete differences. Second, it researched the relationships between the two frameworks. The paper conducted a multisided study on the relationship between them.
This work is based on the analysis of the presence of CSR in the mission and vision of the main ports of Latin America. The methodology used for this work is a content analysis of their mission and visions. In addition, a questionnaire was used to collect information about the CSR practices of the ports.
Based on a comparative analysis of the existing uncertainty models, the feasibility of grey sets and grey systems in representing information incompleteness is investigated, and the complementary feature between big data and small data models in data analysis is also discussed. The proposed concept of GDA is then discussed.
In this paper, the grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The basic idea is to calculate the relation based on the similarity of data series representing the characteristics of systems. The grey relational theory has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and grey relational models and grey prediction models are two main branches of grey systems.
Using econometric methodology, it employed two log-linear models to estimate the environmental pollution and economic growth elasticities of maritime and air transportation in the short and long run in Iran. The data were derived from the Central Bank of Iran and the World Bank.
This paper analyzes related researches on high-quality development of marine economy based on the knowledge map of CiteSpace. This review includes the systematic analysis of keywords about marine economy in the literature.
Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. It analyzes the theoretical index system or related literature; the design is according to the availability of indicator data, the accuracy of the definition of the indices and the feasibility of the operation of the indexes.
This paper constructs a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational analysis (GRA) method is then used to evaluate the quality of marineeconomic development in Qingdao city.
Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration.
The IBWT supply chain coordination models considering water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and random precipitation are developed, analyzed and compared through the game-theoretic and coordination research approaches, and the corresponding numerical and sensitivity analysis for all models is conducted and compared.
The Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR) is introduced and illustrated for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquaculture development in the Province of British Columbia (BC), Canada. However, firstly, an overview of aquacultural development around the globe is firstly presented. Then, some typical controversies that could take place along with the rapid expansion of Aquaculture are explained. Subsequently, how an aquac culture conflict can be resolved and how GMCR can be applied to solve the dispute are described in detail. Several meaningful findings and recommendations are put forward.
This paper reviews the most recent advances in international marine econometrics research in the field of marine economic research, and identifies the most important advances in each of these methods.
This paper is based on a literature review of the Canadian aquaculture sector. The authors reviewed the Canadian Government's policies, regulations, and industry reports, as well as industry and government reports and reports from other countries and regions.
In this paper, some basic operational rules of intuitionistic linguistic fuzzy AOs, such as intuitionistic uncertain linguistic weighted mean (IULWGM) operator (Liu and Jin, 2012), interval-value IULWGIWGM operator (Jin, 2013) and ordered geometric weighted mean IULGMWGM(Liu, 2012) are defined, and some basic aggregation operators (AOs) of IFLS are defined. Then, some applications of ILFSs are discussed, and their applications are discussed.
This paper proposes a new grey relational model based on discrete Fourier transform (DFT) and applies it to Chinese marine economic data. The grey relational degree of the new model is derived by using the grey absolute correlation degree and the grey convex relational degree for two-dimensional panel data.
The authors classify CEOs into those with and without accounting backgrounds using BoardEx data. Using discretionary accruals from several models, the authors find that CEOs with accounting backgrounds are more likely to engage in income-increasing accrual management. The authors use market-to-book ratio as a proxy for accounting conservatism and control for CEO over-confidence, as well as the CEO's level of over- confidence.
The authors draw on a recent, publicly available data set from the CMS Dialysis Facility Compare database and Medicare cost reports for free-standing dialysis providers (CMS Form 265-2011). The authors examine the associations between dialysis practice characteristics and process quality of care measures, related to dialysis adequacy and anemia management. Further, the authors study the association between these process quality measures and patient clinical outcomes, as measured by their standardized hospitalization ratio (SHR).
Using data from the Execucomp and Compustat databases, the authors use regression analysis to examine the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation.
The authors use a multi-agent LEN framework - linear contract, exponential utility and normal density - which is widely used in applied economic models. The framework is introduced by Holmstrom and Milgrom (1987). The analysis will broadly proceed in two parts. In the first part of the paper, the authors examine an arbitrary number of managers under a joint-production technology. This general intuition provides a general intuition for how the management problem changes as the number of change managers change. The second part, a two-manager setting is considered and the authors solve the model under varying monitoring technologies.
This paper uses a panel data set of US firms listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) during the period from January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2014. The sample consists of firms that have complied with the various requirements of Sections 302 and 404 of the SOX. The authors use a fixed-effects panel regression model to examine the impact of compliance with Section 404 on firm productivity.
The authors use a stochastic data envelopment analysis (DEA) model to estimate the efficiency of a production function. The authors estimate the performance of the production function using DEA and then use OLS to adjust the intercept by the largest residual to obtain the frontier.
This study uses a cross-sectional survey of Canadian small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) operating in the manufacturing sector. The data were collected from the Canadian Institute of Purchasing and Supply Management (CIPSM) and the Canadian Federation of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (FMEs). The authors use a two-stage least squares (2SLS) regression model to test the hypotheses.
The authors scanned some 50 years of risk in marketing literature, cognitive sciences, behavioral economics and, more recently, evolutionary psychology. They observed that, in some key areas of marketing management - individual profiling, brand positioning (brand promises being considered as a main choice's criteria), message framing and, before that, take-away messages of the brand copy strategy - risk psychology has diffused to a limited extent. They investigated positioning statements and communications according to risks' perceptions and attitudes in the field of insurance and investment, within the Axa Research Fund-Paris School of Economics research project.
The paper is based on an empirical study of a research project in which the authors conducted a series of experiments with a sample of 1,000 DMs. The authors used a two-stage least squares regression analysis to test the hypotheses.
The proposed integrated approach is based on the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and data envelopment analysis (DEA), which can be used to derive attribute weights for use in GRA. The AHP is a subjective data-oriented procedure, which can reflect the relative importance of a set of attributes and alternatives based on a formal expression of the decision-maker's preferences. Alternatively, DEA is an objective data- oriented approach to assess the relative performance of a group of decision-making units (DMUs) with multiple inputs and outputs.
The author draws on her own experience as a teacher, as well as the experiences and perspectives of others, to introduce the special issue.
The authors use two vignettes to illustrate how the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, whether it be in schools or in community.
This paper is based on a case study of the implementation of the integrated education reform program (IERP) in Kuwait during the pandemic period. The authors conducted interviews with the Ministry of Education (MOE) and the Ministry's Undersecretary Council, as well as school principals, teachers, parents and other government bodies.
The paper is based on the author's experience of working with the United Nations' policy response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. The paper draws on a range of published research and case studies.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature on crisis and opportunity in teacher preparation in the COVID-19 pandemic and the author's experience as a teacher preparation consultant.
Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with teachers and school leaders from 30 primary and secondary schools in Hong Kong. The data were analysed using the structural equation modelling technique.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on educational PPPs in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and the challenges facing governments around the world.
The authors examined government guidelines, national teachers' association statements, news reports and testimonies from teachers and principals collected from webinars. Moreover, the authors explored the extent to which forced school building closures and the move to remote instruction evidenced a divide between the notion of professionalism embedded in the initiatives fostered by the Ministry of Education and educators' views about their professional role and values during the crisis.
The authors describe several facets of their experiences as women faculty of color in the academy during the pandemic to explore how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with equity and inclusion initiatives, during this frightening time.
Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, this framework was used as a tool to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology (ICT) while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic (i.e. TPACK).
This is a conceptual paper that draws on the authors' experience as researchers and educators in the field of pedagogies and professionalism during the pandemic and beyond.
The authors bring three distinct perspectives to this analysis, which synthesizes the research around key elements of the school model and is also informed by the authors' respective experiences with the school. Powers is a tenured faculty member at Arizona State University who has been documenting the implementation of SPARK for the past year and a half. Brown is SPARK's teacher-leader, whose formal title is the Teacher Executive Designer (TED). Wyatt was a member of the university design team that collaborated with the district to design and implement SPARK.
The article considers some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances.
This is a conceptual paper based on interviews with 94 teachers in the Greater Boston metropolitan area of the USA. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a thematic analysis approach.
Utilizing the author's own lived experience as a teacher, leader and a postgraduate researcher, and connecting this with related research, this essay explores what we might learn from emerging practice during the pandemic. Considering the intensified focus on teachers and school leaders, and the shifting demands placed upon them, the author explores why rethinking of professional collaboration and agency has been required and what this might mean in a post-pandemic era.
The authors begin by unpacking the nature of the Covid-19 pandemic before discussing the opportunities that the innovative approach to treating student support as a form of a social network can offer. The authors conclude with reflections that aim to provide food for thought to university staff when developing and providing student support.
This paper is based on the author's personal experience as a teacher and educator in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is a viewpoint paper.
The paper is based on the author's experience as a teacher, school principal, researcher and teacher educator in the USA, Canada, Australia and the UK.
The authors conducted in-depth, semi-structured interviews with 30 principals from across the USA to explore the nature of principal professionalism in the time of the pandemic.
This commentary is based on a review of the literature on immigrant education and professional communities in schools and the implications of the pandemic for school leaders in the USA.
The article is structured in four parts. First, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to COVID-19.
This paper is based on research and also the author's own lived experience of teaching, and leading teaching and learning, at her Australian school during the pandemic.
This empirical study is based on a data set of 116 SAs located in the United States and elsewhere between 1997 and 2014. Data were collected from retrospective and real-time sources, including website visits, start-up websites, blogs, LinkedIn profiles, publications and databases such as crunchbase and Seed-DB. The data were analysed using bivariate and multivariate analyses of the data.
- The paper employs panel data regression analysis to examine the impact of various strands of inflationary conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions on selected bank performance indicators.
A longitudinal or temporal analysis is proposed, based on the information obtained from the annual accounts of 463 Spanish industrial companies over a period of 12 years (2006-2017). During this period of time, Spain suffered drastic changes in the munificence of the environment due to the financial crisis, which has commonly been associated with the use or consumption of slack.
Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in the public sector in Spain. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
A neural network approach is used in this study to triangulate if a multiplicative exacerbation exists when motivation transpires between nodes to understand the effect of transfer learning among dyads.
Based on stakeholder theory, a research framework is developed to examine the drivers of sustainable supplier selection (SSS) and its impact on firms' financial performance. The research model is tested using data collected from a sample of Thai manufacturing firms using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study is based on a cross-sectional survey with a sample of 518 employees working in a field setting. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data.
To achieve this, the authors study the influence of EPU on the returns and volatility of Bitcoin and gold, with EPU being understood as the "non-zero probability of changes in existing economic policies" (Baker et al., 2016).
A survey was conducted with a sample of 1,000 users of gamified sport apps. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
Data were collected from 5-star hotels in the north of Cyprus through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
This study uses a 2 ( anthropomorphism vs non-human) x 2 (objectified vs anthropomorphized) between-subjects factorial design. The data were collected from a sample of 473 Finnish consumers.
An online survey was conducted to measure customers' price sensitivity of three- and five-stars hotels. The data were analysed by means of structural equation modelling (SEM).
The empirical analysis is based on a panel data set covering the period from 2011 to 2017. The authors use a fixed-effects regression model to analyse the effect of governance at the country and firm level, and ownership on banks' risk taking.
Data were collected from a sample of expatriates and HCNs working in MNCs in Klang Valley and Greater Kuala Lumpur. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
This study uses the complexity theory tenets in order to examine possible asymmetrical relationships between antecedents (CEO's compensation and age among others) and the outcome condition (firm's performance). These tenets suggest equifinality, which implies that more than one path can lead to the desired outcome. Furthermore, this study applies contrarian case analysis to shed further light on the asymmetrical relationship among the variables. Moreover, configural analysis is applied, which uses Boolean algebra to find which combinations of simple antecedent lead to a high outcome condition. In addition, a predictive validity test using a holdout sample is performed to check the validity of the findings.
The empirical design aims at analyzing the conditional correlations and spillover effects utilizing three models, namely, multivariate GARCH-BEKK, CCC and DCC. The three models are commonly used in previous studies to investigate the volatility spillovers and its connectedness across stock markets, for example, Mohammadi and Tan (2015), Panda and Nanda (2018), Majdoub and Mansour (2014), Kim et al. (2015, Wong (2017), etc.
The study uses a unique panel data set of 49 high-income countries over a 16-year period (2001-2016) covering 49 advanced economies. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to evaluate the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the credit risk.
An online survey was conducted with a sample of 585 respondents. Structural equation modelling was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
The research process consists in an investigation via content analysis of the annual and sustainability reports of the top 100 public-listed companies for the year 2017 to provide an overview of the climate change initiatives that have been adopted by these companies to produce their products and services, specifically, those relating to greenhouse gas emissions. The information disclosed by these organisations forms the basis of the data collection.
The paper is based on a theoretical framework that includes the concepts of micro and small organisations, cooperation, networks and value chains, value creation and strategy. Although it is a theoretical model, the applied methodological guidelines are explained in the Methodology section. In this way, a strategic integrated development model for LDP is presented.
The paper uses a cost-efficiency model to analyze the efficiency of REITs and REOCs in Central-Eastern European countries. The analysis is carried out by using a panel data set covering the period from 2000 to 2017.
An online survey was conducted with a sample of 1,000 consumers. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
Data were collected through an online survey of craft beer consumers in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The authors use a panel data set of Indian firms for the period of 2005-2014. The authors use ordinary least squares regression analysis to examine the association between the presence of gray directors and the magnitude of CEO compensation across different ownership categories.
The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature from the late 1980s until today, including both Spanish and international journals. The aim is to find out the state of the art in this field.
The study is based on a sample of Spanish family non-listed SMEs listed on the Madrid Stock Exchange. The data were collected from the annual reports of the board of directors of these firms for the period 2005-2016. The authors use a panel data regression model to test the S-shaped hypothesis.
To achieve the objective, the authors first measured the informational efficiency and conditional volatility by a standard standard GARCH (1,1) model, that allows to consider an essential market characteristic, namely, the conditional volatility, which is not constant over time. The authors note that various empirical studies show that the GARCH1 specification performs well to predict the volatility of financial series despite the diversity of conditional volatility models in the literature. In addition, the state space modeling approach is used to analyze the performance of Islamic stock indices in comparison with their conventional counterparts.
This study uses a cross-level cross-sectional design and uses a multisource data collection method to test the hypotheses. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 faculty members from four universities in South Korea. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
The study is based on a qualitative research design, involving young graduates directly in the reflection on their employability. Data were collected through an online questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of young graduates from different higher education institutions (HEIs) in Spain.
Data were collected using a questionnaire survey from employees and their supervisors in Turkey. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used for data analysis.
The empirical study was based on quantitative and qualitative data collected through questionnaires and in-depth interviews with both job candidates and current employees, focusing on one specific case - a financial group, which has a solid global presence and specialises in the provision of financial and banking services.
For this, a model is specified and estimated in which the TFP of the regions is a function of the business dynamics of each region and its level of entrepreneurship. Likewise, investment in R&D and human capital are included as control variables.
The empirical part of this paper is collected through a number of seminars focussing on additive manufacturing and including 620 industry representatives of various companies engaging with additive manufacturing along the supply chain (mining firms, steel producers, logistics firms, car manufacturers, package manufacturers, etc.). The empirics from these seminars are presented after the research method and outlined to follow supply chain and power struggles among various parties.
The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. This is followed by a web- based analysis and data retrieval-based evaluation of the current evolution of IPR (LOD) databases. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools.
The research model was developed based on a review of the literature on trust in the leader, the antecedents of trust and the consequences of trust in organizational efficiency. The model was tested using structural equation modeling (SEM). The data were collected from a sample of employees working in a knowledge-based company in Finland.
To test the hypotheses, the authors adopted a structural ambidexterity approach, adopting an ambidextrous approach and comparing firms' production and marketing departments. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 managers working in the production and the marketing departments of Spanish firms. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the data.
Data were collected through a survey of HR managers of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Portugal. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
Data were collected through a survey of HR professionals from a sample of companies in the financial services industry. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
First, the authors divide the 17 regions into four categories using "high vs low" and "number of total attractions and number of tourist-nights" and use a two-step cluster analysis to attribute the relative importance of the natural, cultural, and dual attractions affecting tourism in Spain. Next, they conduct two different types of cluster analyses to identify the most attractive tourist attractions in each region.
This paper considers the subject of intertemporal choice which is of increasing interest within the field of behavioral finance. More specifically, it is devoted to the analysis of several measures of the paradox or anomaly labeled as "time inconsistency." In effect, many procedures have been proposed to tackle this phenomenon. The aim of this paper is therefore to present all the previously proposed measures of time inconsistency, trying to find the relationships between them.
The sample consists of a sample of large companies listed in the Ibex-35 index of the Spanish Stock Exchange (SSE), which represents more than 95 per cent of the total capitalisation for the evolution of this index nationally and internationally. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling.
The Bass model is used to analyse the behaviour of the clients assisted and sales variables in the different phases of the product life cycle (PLC) of a durable consumer product in the Spanish market. The analysis of the PLC is intensified, differentiating between the sales and customers assisted variables.
Data were collected from a sample of US firms operating in Cuba. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
The study is based on a qualitative approach. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with managers from four companies in the automotive industry. The interview data were analyzed by means of content analysis.
The data were collected using a survey among the non-teaching staff of public universities in Poland and Spain. The data analysis is conducted using SmartPLS3, which fits small samples, and through a multi-group analysis.
The paper is based on the analysis of software development models (SDMs) developed by the Italian software industry. The authors analyse the influence of the institutional context on the value creation processes of software developers. The paper uses the notion of institutional context to analyse the relationship between the efficacy of typical intellectual property rights (IPRs) and value creation.
This paper presents a conceptual research that encompasses a comprehensive review which links the extant literature pertaining to SCM and ESs to supply chain performance. To do so, according to the relevant logic of a conceptual paper, the definition of SCM, the subsets of ESs, and supply chain integration as a practice ofSCM will be examined in detail. Also, findings from the literature review regarding the impact of RFID and ERP on supply chains will also be identified.
This paper uses a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia as listed by MERCO over the term 2008-2012. The data were collected from the annual reports of these companies for the period 2008 to 2012. The regression analysis was used to evaluate the association between B-SIZE and financial and reputational performance.
This paper employs rigorous statistical analysis, ordered probit analysis, which examines the process by which firms come to achieve innovation under different R&D processes. The firms are categorized into two groups depending on whether they own specific R & D sections or units. The underlying hypotheses are that the R& D group is characterized by the same process as obtained in the authors' previous studies, namely innovations are promoted by technology, human factors, and organizational arrangements. On the other hand, the non-R&D group has a different innovation process due to shortages in human resources, funds, investment, or a low level of technology.
The paper is divided into three parts. The literary review emphasizes the importance of the use of technology in tourist destinations classified as smart destinations, justified by the need to confirm them as competitive destinations, by evaluating the tourism experience, based on the need for evaluating the technology use in different moments and situations resulting from the trip, concluding with defining the hypotheses based on these studies. In the research methodology, the choice of Porto as a destination and the methodology of data collection are justified, and the results of the research are presented and discussed.
A comparative model of perceived website quality was developed for two competitor travel destinations: The Balearic Islands and the Canary Islands (Spain). The second part of the study examines the relationship between perceived destination website quality, attitude toward the website and the willingness to participate in online co-creation experiences. This is achieved using structural proceedings. Two main and specific objectives have been proposed: identifying the differences between perceived websites quality of the destinations examined; and analyzing the role of the perceived destination websites quality on attitude toward and willingness toparticipate in co-created experiences.
The methodology used to carry out the study is based on the analysis of the content of online opinions of the Spanish Tourist Paradors (Network of Spanish Tourists Paradors), which are the most identified entities within the emblematic hotel segment in Spain. The analysis is carried out by analysing the direct activities that make up the value chain, using a methodological case study framework and referencing the Spanish chain that has the most experience in the management of these types of establishments.
A survey was carried out among young people (18-24 years old) in the context of destination tourism. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
An empirical study was carried out in a tourist destination in Spain. Data were collected by means of an online survey and analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS).
To develop this research, a database of more than 36,000 prices paid by cruise passengers and different characteristics of ships in 2013 was built. To obtain the results, ten models have been developed with significant adjusted R2 of between 0.85 and 0.93 making the results robust.
The authors develop the study in a global framework using international data. Indeed, the authors employ Brent crude oil price, international gold price, broad trade-weighted US dollar index and the world stock market return index as principal data. Other representative data associated with the expected world economic state, monetary policy, financialization of oil markets, and corporate default risk were employed to control for exogenous and indirect effects. The empirical methodology used to meet aims of the study is then a simultaneous equation system which allows studying all these linkages and grants on the possibility of more adequately investigating the complex system of interactions among oil, gold, forex and stock prices. The authors specify an equation to each endogenous variable, which includes the other endogenous variables as exogenous, and other exogenous variables to capture indirect effects to capture direct effects.
Data were collected from a sample of grocery retailers in Italy using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses.
This paper is based on a comprehensive survey of the literature about ABS in management and organizational studies. The authors conducted a systematic review of the ABS literature in business and management to identify the most influential works and the most promising areas for future application.
The authors use a sample of 113 US MNCs in the chemical, energy and industrial machinery sectors during the period 2005-2010. The authors use structural equation modelling to test the research hypotheses.
The proposed method is applied to a real online community with the objective of detecting actors with potential influence. This selection is then analyzed by variety of tests to determine the effectiveness of the proposed model. Several metrics, sentiment analysis and simulation techniques were applied.
The authors carried out a systematic review of the academic literature on CSIR from its inception to the present, allowing those interested in this topic to understand the current status of the literature on the concept, and the authors try to narrow the existing gap in the literature, providing a more precise definition of CSIR and proposing new lines of research.
Based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB), this paper adopts an integrative perspective of the entrepreneurial process, according to the GUESSS project model, to analyze the role that the sociocultural, family and university environment play in the entrepreneurial intention of young people in the Canary Islands region. This region is characterized as peripheral from the point of view of innovation, following the typology of Asheim et al. (2011). This paper analyzes in a sample of university students from the Canarian archipelago.
An analytical framework of RTOs is developed, where a review is carried out of the academic literature that has studied this phenomenon in order to identify the variables that support the analysis and subsequent proposal of a model that explains the relation between them. A model and research hypotheses are discussed. And in the third part, the methodology used is described.
A questionnaire was used to collect data from the customers of shopping centers located in the city of Bogota, Colombia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
For this, the authors study the actual journeys of 64,740 car buyers, and the number of points of sale and their locations are optimized. GIS is used to find the optimum local and optimum overall locations in the network.
In order to test the proposed model, a survey was carried out among tourists who had visited a tourist destination in Turkey. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
Data were collected from the Turkish business databases and analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) approach.
The paper employs the Interpretative Phenomenological Approach (Smith and Osborn, 2007), using a set of six case studies of selected entrepreneurs from several countries. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the selected entrepreneurs.
Data were collected by means of a questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 teleworkers and their supervisors, and the results were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This study is based on a cross-sectional survey of employees of a large public sector organization in the USA. The authors collected data from a sample of 441 employees and used structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of Spanish biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
A sample of 275 industries across 18 different sectors was cross-sectionally analyzed with the help of Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression method. The data were collected from the annual reports of Indian manufacturing firms listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
A quantitative approach was used to develop and validate a measurement scale for intrapreneurial competencies. Data were collected through a questionnaire that was distributed to a sample of 1,000 employees from different industries in Costa Rica. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was employed to analyze the data collected.
For that purpose, a model is proposed and solved analytically, while providing the intuition through the use of graphs.
To this end, the authors use data provided by the Technological Innovation Panel (PITEC), using the surveys of 2010 and 2013 for firms in the automotive industry. The authors estimate a bivariate probit model that takes into account the two types of cooperation mostly used in such an industry, vertical and institutional, explicitly considering the interdependencies that may arise in the simultaneous choice of both.
An open narrative approach to data collection, in which control of research discussion content was intended to lie with participants rather than researcher, was complemented by a creative representation of aspects of the analysis through the creation of play scripts, one for each participant in the research.
This paper explores the use of professional artefacts within a final work-based project from an undergraduate professional practice in arts programme in the UK. The professional artefact represents one coursework element within a 60-credit negotiated work-Based Project-based Learning module. In this research, participants who had graduated from the programme (now revalidated in a new faculty) discussed the meaning of the professional arte Fact using their own viewpoints and experiences. Their responses are then considered as a way to explore the impact of the artefact on their experience of the project and the professional practice curriculum.
The LSP method was developed in the mid-1990s by Johan Roos and Bart Victor (Roos and Victor, 2018). It is a facilitated meeting, communication and problem-solving process in which participants are led through a series of open questions, probing deeper into the subject. Each participant builds their own 3D model in response to the facilitator's questions using specially selected LEGO(r) pieces. Participants build metaphorical models representing their ideas or experience, with the models serving as the basis for group discussion, sharing knowledge, problem solving and decision-making, as opposed to responding with words as in a traditional coaching conversation.
This study is based on a qualitative case study of CoCreaCo (collaboration of creative professionals with companies) in which creative professionals (artists and designers) and organizations cooperate in multidisciplinary collaboration. In total, 4-5 cases of cooperation between an organization and creative professionals were identified and analyzed.
The study is based on semi-structured in-depth interviews with 20 healthcare managers and architects from a range of public sector organisations in the UK.
This paper reviews the latest solutions in extended realities and illustrates how ideation, concepting and co-creation can be an efficient, enriching experience for learners and professionals. It points out the possible advantages and practicability of co-creating using XR through a real-life example of the ideation and concepting stage using traditional and VR methods.
This paper is based on a case study of teachers' and students' perceptions on creative process assessments in higher education (HE). Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers and students in two HE courses in music education and visual arts education. Data were analysed using thematic analysis.
The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the application of 3D printing in the German automotive industry. The case studies are based on interviews with experts in the field.
The authors conducted a series of focus group interviews with middle leaders in higher education in order to explore the challenges that they face in recognising emotions. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling.
A total of 107 e-interns completed a self-administered questionnaire, which included questions about the extent to which they were mentored, the type of mentoring they received and their satisfaction with the mentoring received.
This paper is based on a combination of best practice, sourced research, in situ evidence-based research and personal experiences. The authors have developed a series of fully codified programmes that are easily modularised and replicable. As a result, experienced coaches, facilitators, lecturers and trainers can be trained and taught to deliver these programmes.
This is a conceptual paper that draws on the literature on work, resilience and sustainability to develop a conceptual model of work-related problems (WRPs) and sustainable futures. It also draws on work-based learning (WBL) theory to develop an agenda for future research.
The study is qualitative and exploratory. Semi-structured interviews with 25 interviewees involving male and female Nigerian employees in two organizations were used. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
A qualitative research design was adopted. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with HRM managers from Nigeria, Ethiopia, Kenya, South Africa, Ghana and Uganda.
This study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with a sample of senior managers of a manufacturing firm. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) method.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on evidence-based policing (EBP) within the police service in the United Kingdom (UK).
This paper is based on a case study of Amazing People Schools and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. The paper provides an overview of the development of the curriculum and the Amazing People School approach to character development.
This is a conceptual paper that draws on the work-based learning (WBL) literature on work-related "problems" to explore the nature of these problems. The paper draws on a case study of a WBL project in a large public sector organisation in the UK.
A systematic literature review has been carried out on the subject of successful implementation of BI. A total of thirty-eight papers have been selected for the review. The selected papers were selected through a search of databases and journals through the use of key terms that have been identified within a preliminary review of literature. In order to identify how important each of the factors is, there will be an analysis of frequency for the factors.
A qualitative approach was used to explore the approach taken by the leader in relation to language and communication standards within the workplace. Data were collected through a series of semi-structured interviews with work-based learners from a range of organisations in the UK and the USA.
A total of 234 (k=234) primary studies (both quantitative and qualitative) investigating the effects of psychological coaching approaches were identified in this review.
A qualitative approach was adopted using semi-structured interviews with managers from a range of organisations across the UK. The data were analysed using a grounded theory approach.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on co-working and social inclusion. The authors draw on the authors' own experience of working in such spaces and the experiences of their co-workers, as well as the findings of a survey of co-worker members.
In this paper, the authors have evaluated 6 years (from September 2011 to September 2019) of the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining in the UK. The authors have used a mixed-methods research design. First, a literature review was carried out to identify the relevant research gaps in the sector. Second, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the existing and potential participants of FinTech education and Retraining in UK. Third, a focus group discussion was conducted with the potential participants to discuss the implications of the identified research gaps. Finally, a qualitative analysis of the findings was conducted.
This paper is based on a review of the CBI (2018) Education and Skills Report on "Educating for the modern world: a report review". The review draws upon the key themes identified in the report, focusing upon whether HEIs are truly able to adapt quickly enough to an increasingly uncertain and volatile market, through collaboration with employers to create future-proofed, innovative curricula, with delivery models that meet learner and business needs.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on complexity and managerial learning, and on the author's own experience as a researcher and practitioner.
This research utilises a mixed-methods approach. First, data were collected from the participants of a nine-week experiential learning programme offered by the Karlsruher Institute for Technology in corporation with a globally based consulting company. Second, the results of a knowledge test four weeks after the completion of the EL training and five weeks later were analysed. Third, the SL effect was measured by means of a questionnaire.
The researcher is the Project Lead of such undergraduate (UG)-taught WBL programmes at the Greenwich School of Management in London (GSM London). WBL is a structured programme of learning where work skills are practiced or experienced. WBL questions the more traditional notion that knowledge is held and transferred by the privileged few through formal situations in pre-determined ways.
An online questionnaire was used to collect data from a random sample of work-based learners from a range of faith groups in the UK. The questionnaire consisted of a series of questions relating to the impact of workplace spirituality on the employees' spirituality and the extent to which they felt they were under pressure to compromise their basic values.
The research design, preparations for data collection, including obtaining ethical approval and the identification and recruitment of research participants are recounted. Insider researcher considerations and their implications for the study are also explored and insights for those intending to carry out longitudinal interpretive case study research in this setting are included.
Based on the literature review, the authors propose a hypothesis that the colour of financial data can influence users' preference on choosing financial data presented in cool, warm or hot colour. The authors then introduce a mini-test that was used for testing the hypothesis.
An action research framework is used to examine and transform the learning behaviour of an individual engaged in self-directed learning in the role of a professional in the context of computing and data science. Action research cycles with autoethnographic methods are used to conduct a rigorous self-analysis of data collected from reflective journals, computer usage software and external indicators of progress, such as milestones and other progress indicators, for example online courses.
A range of system design processes have been showcased in this paper to provide readers with some ideas about the use of the models illustrated here for change management practice, particularly in using an action research methodology where participation is critical.
This paper documents the program progression through a number of learning iterations as its first cohort of students and tutors developed in tandem, and offers insight into all perspectives (tutors, participants, course managers and faculty) in the latter stages of the paper. The program development board agreed that the AL principles would permeate each aspect of the program design and delivery. Thus, it was considered prudent to initiate a tutor partnership program alongside the inaugural program delivery.
A longitudinal case study approach is used to examine the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank (part of the Lloyds Banking Group) and Middlesex University in the UK.
The paper is based on a qualitative case study of a health-related PR project in Sweden. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with project participants. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using thematic analysis.
This paper is based on the authors' experience of teaching and developing HRM courses in a number of universities in the UK, Australia and Vietnam. The authors have used a combination of qualitative and quantitative research methods.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on impact in the context of work-based learning and change.
The paper begins with a consideration of Ranciere's (1991) argument, challenging at the time, still revolutionary in its values, assumptions and consequent charge. It then considers his later review, which is also examined alongside critiques of his work, to arrive at a critical understanding of his stance on education, and its wider implications. Work-based learning is considered through a Rancieri lens; its potential personal, professional and organisational impact identified through presentation of stories from the field. The implications for the workplace lead to evaluation of the use and relevance of the ideas to work applied management.
This viewpoint paper explores the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. The viewpoint is based on lived experiences, practice wisdom and research evidence. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall.
The paper adopts a case study methodology which highlights how a student (manager) in an organisation facing difficult circumstances adopted an appreciative inquiry process in a work-based learning project. The specific application of the appreciative Inquiry process was framed as a way of exploring the perceptions, enablers and barriers to integrated working across the different areas of practice within the organisation.
The author uses three auto-ethnographic methods, Phronetic Vlogging, Ekphrasis, and Perambulography, to explore the meaning of "impact". Each of these is offered as a case study and then discussed as a whole, before giving some concluding thoughts on the implications of these methods.
This paper is based on a case study of the co-creation of DC and iStory in two organisations in Finland. Both methods involve a type of learning which goes "Beyond Text", and the authors outline the theoretical underpinnings, co-creative development and applications of each.
This paper draws from a practitioner research project in the UK, as part of a work applied learning and organisational development project, to evaluate the impacts of two case studies. The case studies are presented and compared, highlighting the key impacts and broader findings from the case studies, as well as some of the challenges of evaluating story-based methods for organisational change.
A qualitative approach was used to explore the challenges faced by employers in managing apprentices through one of the earliest Chartered Manager Degree Apprenticeship (CMDA) programmes in the UK. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten managers from a wide range of organisations across a range of industry sectors.
The research team utilized a cyclical process of reflection, planning, action, and observation to obtain information about fan behavior. Human interactions and collaborative experiences drove the methodology of this study, with the intention of data collected to ultimately influence participation, action initiatives, and change related to a new university football program in the southeastern region of the USA. The authors distinguished the success of this methodological approach among the three groups that worked collaboratively throughout this process: the university athletic department, sport management program, and sport management students.
Data were collected from the employees of Pakistani higher educational institutes through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
A mixed methods approach was used, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews, focus groups and a questionnaire survey of students, work placement tutor and employers.
Following a case study approach, this paper uses the graduate management program - called the Post Graduate Program in Development Management (PGP-DM) of an Indian business school as the frame of research. It explores the program curricula and pedagogy from the lens of competency development and uses multiple stakeholder analysis to assess qualitatively the program impact on multiple outcomes.
This paper is based on an action research approach using a mixed-methods approach, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews with key stakeholders in the higher education (HE) sector and the development of a learning strategy for work-based learning.
Zizekian ideas are introduced and exemplified in three case studies to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice to generate new insights, and therefore decide next steps.
The paper is based on a case study of the University of Chester's work-based learning (WBL) provision in the workplace. It draws on a number of different models for engaging with both individual learners and business sponsored cohorts of learners. It also draws on the experiences of the university in working with employers to develop these models.
An action research methodology was used to investigate the telemonitoring practice of the research organisation. The methodology was based on a work-applied methodology (WAP) approach. The WAP was used in the context of this research to investigate how the tele Monitoring Programme was implemented and the outcomes of the programme.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on work-based and work-applied learning, action learning and reflective practice. The paper draws upon the experiences of the author as part of a senior leadership cadre in action research and action learning projects.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on organisational learning, complexity theory and practice theory in order to develop an agenda for change.
This paper is based on a review of the literature and case studies of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. The study uses the case study method to explore the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurs in Oman.
The paper draws on the work of Wall and Perrin (2016) and Furedi (2010) to explore the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice, and to explore how this spirit can be revived in practice. The paper also draws on work by Zizek (2014) and Wall (2016). The paper uses a phenomenological approach to examine how the spirit of ubuntu can be resuscitated in the practice of forest management.
The research study is based on a sample of alumni who had graduated from work-based masters and professional doctorate programmes and their corresponding employers in a UK higher education institution (HEIs). As the WBL programmes recruit both home and international students, the participants in the research came from different countries including the UK (majority), Ireland and Australia. The results of the study are then used to track the impact of work- based projects undertaken with subsequent and various employer groups.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on reflection and work-based learning (WBL) and the development of reflection as a learning tool.
- This paper refers international developments in RPL and then focuses upon the extensive and innovative use of RPL (especially learning from experience) by Middlesex University and the developing RPL work at the Australian Institute of Business (AIB) in order to highlight some of the key opportunities and challenges of the RPL process.
- Action research and action learning (ARAL) was used to develop a policy and procedure to respond to elder abuse in a public health organization. The action research methodology involved a series of action research cycles, which involved the development of a document development group, followed by an action learning cycle to identify the researcher's meta learning. The ARAL methodology was applied to develop the policy and Procedure.
- This paper reviews the current literature and summarises the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment.
This research is about the development of high-rise luxury condominiums in a middle-income country in Asia like Sri Lanka. The research is delimited to the "beginning of life" phase of luxury cond condominium development in lower middle- income countries in Asia. This research uses a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of a condominium project in the City of Colombo, Sri Lanka, and in-depth interviews with the project's developers and project managers.
This paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. The course, called enhanced teaching and learning strategies (ETLS), was piloted with eight faculty members at National University from a range of disciplines - criminal justice, nursing, biology, economics, engineering, business, education and psychology. Results are shared from the faculty who applied the framework.
- The study adopted a qualitative research approach, using semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions to explore KM practices in private HEIs in Malaysia.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of undergraduate students from a developing country located in the Caribbean. The survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 students at a public university in Guyana. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests and ANOVA.
Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences. The most profound kinds of learning "are invited and encouraged and facilitated" (Wilson and Parrish, 2011, p. 11).
This study is based on a case study approach. The authors have used a mixed methods approach. First, the authors have conducted in-depth semi-structured interviews with students, teachers and administrators of the HEIs in Bangladesh. Second, a questionnaire survey has been conducted to collect data from the students and teachers. Third, a pilot study has been carried out to evaluate the effectiveness of the blended learning approach in the teaching and learning process. Finally, this study has used a quantitative approach to test the proposed approach.
The authors used a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of mathematics and STEM teacher development (PTD) to identify key aspects for PTD for FCA.
This study used a project-based learning (PBL) approach and an inquiry-based pedagogy to engage preservice teachers in learning STEM knowledge and skills of integration with adding the arts component to STEM as science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics (STEAM) for K-8 children, and developing their own STEAM tasks. Data were collected using a pre- and post-questionnaire.
This study compares four STEAM programs and focuses particularly on the nature and learning outcomes of models of STEAM education in those programs. The data were collected over a four-month period. Data were collected through interviews, observations, curriculum documents and focus group discussions as well as the cross-case findings among the different data sources.
Data were collected over a two-year period (2017-2019) from middle-grade (6th-8th grade) students from ten Lubbock Independent School District (LISD) middle schools participating in a week-long, engineering-design competition held each summer. Data were collected from students, teachers, mentors and STEM CORE staff. The data were analyzed using a qualitative content analysis approach.
Data were collected from a sample of undergraduate engineering students at a mid-size research university in the USA. Students completed measures of faculty support, student-faculty interactions and behavioral and emotional engagement at the end of their undergraduate program.
Data were collected through a survey of students who participated in an informal STEM camp during their secondary education. The survey included measures of students' perceptions of STEM fields and STEM careers, their perceptions of their STEM identity, and their attitudes toward STEM.
The authors conducted a systematic literature review of K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. The search parameters of the search parameters were: empirical journal articles or literature reviews and articles written in English. The authors searched for the following search terms: STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics, mathematics), STEM subject areas (STEM, MST, ICT, technology and science), K- 12 STEM teaching practice (K-12 teaching practices) and STEM teaching methods (e.g. lesson plans, instructional videos, lesson plans).
This paper is based on a review of the literature on STEM education in the context of teacher education. It is a conceptual paper based on the authors' personal experience as a researcher in the field.
This study used a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of three elementary school classrooms in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers, parents and students, as well as observations of classroom activities and observations.
This paper describes the Omni Nano model, a unique approach to teaching and learning nanotechnology to high school and undergraduate college students. The Omni Nano approach begins with providing "Discover Nanotechnology" workshops to schools, after-school programs and youth conferences. If there is interest from teachers and students, as well as administrative support, the school district can request to access the digital curriculum to offer selected lessons and even a two-semester long course.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from a sample of 300 university students with disabilities using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
A case study was used to examine the external events related to the phenomena of using social media as instructional approaches in online classrooms. A purposeful sampling was used, and adjunct online higher education faculty members were invited to participate. The participants in this study had taught as adjunct higher education instructors for at least two years, and some participants taught at more than one higher education institute in the Northeast. For the purpose of this study, the qualitative method was used.
A qualitative descriptive case study approach was used to explore the values, beliefs, confidence and level of preparedness of educators making the change from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with ten educators who experienced a change in the learning environment.
This study draws upon students' reflective episodes about their learning experiences in short-term international courses as part of the university liberal arts curriculum in Japan. The study presents key themes and descriptions provided by those who participated in geographically and academically different short- term international courses. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with students who had taken the courses.
The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey that was sent to professionals working in higher education institutes in Germany. The questionnaire consisted of questions that asked them about their views on CSF for TEL approaches. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares method.
This study uses a pre-test-post-test design to evaluate the effectiveness of role playing in the classroom as an alternative approach to teaching SCM concepts. The data were collected from a sample of students who participated in a three-week course on supply chain management (SCM) at a private university in the USA. The students were randomly assigned to one of two groups - traditional lectures or role playing.
A longitudinal study was undertaken as the next phase into research about the efficacy of the PEM. Data were collected over a three-year period from middle and high school students. The data were analyzed using regression analysis.
In the following pages, this paper uses interpretive methodology to discuss the emergence of Social and Emotional Learning (SEL) during play and virtual play, and the impact of gaming on these psychological processes in typical and atypical development (specifically, autism spectrum disorders-ASD). Empathy, included as a component of social awareness in the framework for SEL, is the ability to connect with others on an emotional level, and is recognized as an essential component of being "human."
Data were collected from teachers and parents of preschoolers (n=30) in a New York City public elementary school. Teachers' socialization behaviors were measured using a self-report questionnaire, and children's emotional competence was measured at two points in time.
The study is based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking (BEST) approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies. The research was carried out in two phases. The first phase was a pilot study, where the researcher had the opportunity to experience the first contact with the preschoolers on the basis of the BEST approach. The second phase was an extended educational program, which included a wider range of activities, structured in 14 modules. This extended program allowed the researcher to devote more time to each one of the concepts and to widely develop the activities of each reading.
The study used a mixed-methods approach that included a pre-test-post-test design. The pre- and post-test phases of the intervention included a focus group interview, a cognitive remediation training session and a social and emotional learning session. The intervention was followed by a follow-up focus group with the participants to assess the impact of the cognitive training.
The paper is based on a case study of a study abroad program for 22 teacher candidates (n=22) from a large research university in the southeast region of the USA. The case study focuses on the impact of international clinical teaching experiences through a study- abroad program to South Africa. The author uses a SEL lens to report on how the teacher candidates construct meanings and purposes for global and intercultural competencies as part of this study abroad experience.
The authors conducted a mixed-methods study of five schools that implemented the Harmony program. Data were collected using a combination of surveys, focus groups and semi-structured interviews with principals and teachers.
The authors conducted a case study of ten middle schools with high levels of student-reported SEL. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with administrators, teachers and staff in each of these schools. The data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
This study used a mixed-methods approach, including a qualitative case study of one urban public high school in the USA. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with teachers, students and parents, as well as a survey of the school community.
Data were collected using a mixed-methods approach, including semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with teachers in Aotearoa New Zealand (NZ) primary schools.
A mixed-methods study was conducted in four Head Start programs in the USA. Parents who participated in CD PEC were surveyed at the beginning of the seven-week series and again six to eight weeks after classes concluded, while teachers and program staff were interviewed at the end of the series.
In total, 32 online robotics program developer professional sites which focused on the role of emulation of human ethics used when programming robots for use in educational settings were selected, and the content was analyzed. The phenomena were analyzed to find themes and patterns related to the perceptions of robotics program developers who shared online findings or implications on the roles of emulating human ethics in robots used in the educational setting.
This paper develops a data competency maturity maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model is based on the authors' research on data-driven decision making and the literature on data analytics.
A total of six adult learners (n=6) participated in the study. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and classroom observation notes. A thematic analysis of the interviews and observations was conducted.
A questionnaire was developed to collect data from university students' intention to use m-learning technology. Structural equation model method was used to analyze the data.
This mixed-methods study was designed to answer the following research questions: Does a district/university partnership TLA increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities? How do teachers develop as teacher leaders through participation in a TLA? Data were collected through a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods.
The paper is based on an action-based research of two different courses, namely refugees{code} and a case study of a university-civic cooperation. The case study describes the design and implementation of the courses, as well as the challenges and lessons learned.
This is a conceptual paper that draws on the work of Zelazo et al. (2016) on attention regulation, working memory and impulse inhibitory control. It considers the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it.
In this paper, the author reviews the empirical literature on compassion in education and makes recommendations for bringing compassion into the classroom from preschool to 20.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design to measure students' ethnic identity as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM). Participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups: control, INIQ, or no INIQ. Participants completed the MEIM at the beginning and end of the INIQ training program.
This case study explored student leaders' perspectives on how leadership development activities influenced their sense of spirituality and more specifically, how participating in a shared community service project as part of the leadership program influenced students' sense of leadership and spirituality. Participants engaged in a weekly civic engagement project painting murals with individuals with intellectual disabilities. This study investigated the influence of this community service activity on students' definitions of spirituality, leadership and leadership.
Informed by education policy analysis methods, this paper explores RP and considers such practices important to study due to the unintended effects stemming from "traditional" obedience-oriented punitive approaches to school discipline (American Psychological Association Zero Tolerance Task Force, 2008; O'Malley and Austin, 2014).
The authors present an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results. The authors use the dashboard as a conversation starter for learning analytics research.
Two studies were conducted with different groups of students in higher education programs at two different universities. The pilot study was conducted with a group of students with a background in visualization techniques, whereas the second study was done with students with little knowledge of visualization techniques. The first user study (n=10) was conducted to improve the visualizations. The second user study was used to create additional visualizations for the enhanced environment. A total of 105 students participated in the pilot study.
This research was carried out among the undergraduate students of the third and final year, majoring in entrepreneur and business administration in University Utara Malaysia (UUM). As to assess the appreciation of reflection-in-action among the students of entrepreneurship, the students were requested to hand in two reflective learning logs which contain their reflection that will be used as part of the coursework assessment for the entrepreneurship module. The researcher adopted the reflective practice as a method for teaching entrepreneurship and the toolkit used is reflective learning log.
From the perspective of LA IDeRBlog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthographic skills. Individual evaluations are provided to each text as well as recommendations for each text exercises. In comparison to studies on orthography IDe RBlog benefits from a large number of users and hence it has the advantage of an exceptionally huge sample of student's texts and spelling mistakes. Analyzing and evaluating the data are assumed to uncover new aspects of the learning process.
The authors used some of the widely used classifiers, namely, random forest (Breiman, 2001), logistic regression (LR), Naive Bayes (Cortes and Vapnik, 1995) and K-nearest neighbor (Hechenbichler and Schliep, 2004), to answer the posed questions. The authors also used process conformance testing to extend the features of the classifiers. EDM techniques are then evaluated on two kinds of data sets, one with process mining features and other without.
The authors discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in the education system. They then offer recommendations for the growth of educational innovations.
This paper presents an adaptation of a program that is at the intersection of two dynamic force fields. The first relates to imperatives impinging upon and inherent in higher education. The second ties to the concept of ecosystems as spaces for aligning actors and resources to create value. As noted by educational thought leaders, the confluence of such forces may be an indication of an inflection point that signals disruption to long-standing constraints as to how we think about education as well as offering extraordinary strategic opportunities.
This paper is based on a case study of the Dr Internet MOOC, an open online course designed by the same authors. The data were collected from the course's website and the course itself, as well as from a survey of the course participants. The authors analyzed the course data using a qualitative content analysis approach.
The paper is based on the author's own experiences and observations of developments over the last 50 years. Examples and anecdotes are used to prove some of the points.
A two-site case study was conducted in Northern Sweden to examine the challenges of integrating refugees into the local communities. Data were collected through interviews, focus groups and observations. The data were analyzed using content analysis.
The first lesson to learn in proposing models in empirical research is that we need to be careful with their validity and that should be based upon theories. The actual accepted SFM came out from the fact that a naive model is not regular, so that, among other things, the standard maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) method cannot be used. Afterward, when trying to make the statistical analysis more credible, by relaxing parametric assumptions, it seems useful to point out the sieves MLE method for, say, semi-nonparametric estimation in SFM.
The authors use the example of the COVID-19 pandemic to show how econometrics can help to predict the effect of different measures.
The authors follow Tversky's paradigm based on measurement theory to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which the authors express in an intuitive formulation. Then the authors present general classes of similarities that satisfy several of these axioms. The authors highlight independence axiOM that are pointed out by Tversy (1977). The authors then develop these concepts on the illustrative example.
Quantum-like modelling in social science has emerged as a true alternative in understanding real agent's behaviour. However, the authors always remind readers that there is no real quantum physical process being claimed as underlying the human behaviour, or market behaviours. The authors focus on the novel mathematical and logical concepts, tools or frameworks widely used in quantum mechanics, or quantum field theory, or even in classical optics (Haven and Khrennikova, 2018).
In this paper, the authors propose query-based classification approach to credit scoring problem. Model interpretability versus model accuracy is discussed and it is emphasized that model transparency is an important requirement in banking risk management. The authors define properties of interpretability and demonstrate that proposed algorithms satisfy them. The proposed algorithms also address the continuous target variable prediction with query- based regression algorithm.
This study uses the two-regime Bayesian threshold vector autoregressive (TVAR) model developed by Alessandri and Mumtaz (2017). The empirical estimation of the model is carried out using South Korean data that consists of capital inflows, macroeconomic variables and asset prices. The Bayesian TVAR allows the impact of foreign capital infl flows to vary with an internally estimated threshold.
A total of 485 valid questionnaires were collected from bank customers in Taiwan. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed model.
In this paper, the authors are successful in establishing the Holder calmness of solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed. To be more precise, sufficient conditions for the solution map to be Holder calm are established.
The authors examine four leaders, providing examples of their masculine and feminine behaviors in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.
To do so, the authors first explore the socio-political-cultural patterns that underpin the social injustices that have characterised the Italian response to Covid-19. Subsequently, they analyse the gendering of the pandemic leadership, before offering some reflections and suggestions for a future that accounts for greater gender inclusion.
This paper is a personal reflection on the impact of the current pandemic on leadership education. It draws on the author's own experiences as a feminist academic and educator. It also draws on her experience as a teacher.
The author considers how individuals' work-family interface has been affected by its being enacted during a pandemic, how well these effects are addressed in the extant literatures on the intersection of gender, work and family and their implications for post-pandemic research in the field.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on gender equality and the COVID-19 pandemic. The author has included all relevant research on the pandemic and gender.
Drawing on a conception of social space as a "(social) product" (Lefebvre, 1991, p. 26), this "thought piece" explores some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces under COVID-19.
This is a conceptual paper that provides an overview of the complexities of the (in)visibility vortex as it relates to women's entrepreneurship during COVID-19 using Canada as a case example.
This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures.
Drawing on understandings of contamination (Douglas, 1966) and on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint, the authors explore the "gendering" of contamination in the context of COVID-19.
This paper is a critical feminist analysis of the COVID-19 pandemic, drawing out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities in relation to foodwork.
This study used a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique.
The authors conducted a cross-sectional survey among dual-career parents working from home in India. The authors used a 2 (work productivity: high vs low) x 2 (domestic work: low vs high) between-subjects factorial design.
The authors share their personal reflections during COVID-19 in the UK and draw upon existing scholarship with the aim of highlighting key issues for women managers, leaders and precarious academic women.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on entrepreneurship and strategic management theory, and the authors' own experience in the field of new venture management.
This study is a form of systematic replication using the same instrument. The original study was conducted in two phases. First, it engaged 10 experienced entrepreneurs and 10 entrepreneurship faculty in a Delphi study to identify a set of entrepreneurial competencies. Second, the authors applied this instrument to a convenience sample of students engaged in an intensive international consulting experience to assess whether any of the self-reported competencies could be improved through experiential entrepreneurship education.
The study proposes a conceptual model based on the work of Hockerts (2017) and Mair and Noboa (2006). The model is tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) on a sample of 585 students from a Canadian university.
Using research and theory from the cognitive and psychological perspectives as well as empirical results from the entrepreneurship literature, this paper proposes that the majority of entrepreneurs suffer from elevated rates of overconfidence. It is further argued that this is a psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that result in firm failure.
The Kauffman Firm Survey (KFS), an eight-year panel dataset of the new ventures of the US economy, was used for this study. The dataset contains an abundance of variables that capture data on the entire owner team. The richness of data allowed testing of multiple relevant hypotheses, and more precise empirical analysis methods were used. The Fairlie (2005) and Blinder-Oaxaca (Blinder, 1973; Oaxaca, 1973) decomposition methods were employed to analyze the data.
Using the framework created from innovation, the strategy literature and a single case study of an entrepreneurial venture in the multimedia education sector from an emerging economy, India, the paper explores the following questions: How does a leader or a CEO affect the business model innovation (BMI) process? How does the leader contribute in initialization and continuation of BMI? In this research, a deductive approach of case-study method was selected and the entrepreneurial multimedia venture from India and its new BMI in design education were studied.
This paper is based on a comprehensive review of the extant literature on business model innovation. A total of 188 peer-reviewed journal articles were reviewed and analysed.
Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 women in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
The hypotheses were empirically tested with a sample of 4,923 firms in the longitudinal panel data set from the Kauffman Firm Survey (KFS) for the period from 2004 to 2011.
This paper reviews the literature on CE in the context of emerging markets and examines the current state of CE research in emerging markets. The authors use a mixed-methods approach, including a literature review and a survey of the literature.
The authors conducted three separate field visits to business incubation centers in China and conducted in-depth interviews with the managers of SMEs operating in the centers. The data were analyzed using a qualitative content analysis.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on entrepreneurship education and the author's personal experience as a faculty member of an entrepreneurship education program at a university in the USA.
The author uses a sample of new ventures in the USA that started in 2004. The author uses regression analysis to examine the mediating effects of the location of the venture and the financial size of a new venture on the performance of black and white ventures.
Data were collected from a sample of black and white entrepreneurs in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
A conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions of immigrants in the USA is presented. The authors draw on the theory of planned behavior and the literature on immigrant entrepreneurship.
This study uses survey data from a sample of new venture teams in China. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
To achieve these ends, a survey was carried out in the Sardinian accommodation sector. The accommodation sector was chosen since it is more directly connected to the tourism industry than any other business (Smith, 1988). The survey was conducted in 2012 in the accommodation sector in Sardinia, Italy. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were sent out to tourism firms operating in this sector, resulting in a response rate of 27.5 per cent.
Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper employs the dynamic capability perspective and relational theory of social networks to suggest a theoretical framework which integrates the currently fragmented transnational entrepreneurship literature. The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and nonethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects of dynamic capabilities and the moderating effect of institutional distance.
This paper reviews the literature on 360-degree feedback in the fields of industrial and organizational psychology and human resource management to provide examples of how it has been used to advance the understanding of important phenomena in entrepreneurship.
An observational study was conducted using semi-structured interviews with liaison psychiatry commissioners and health-care managers and medical practitioners. The interviews were transcribed and analysed using thematic analysis.
The study was conducted in a suburban tertiary hospital in Thailand. The sample consisted of patients with type II diabetes mellitus (DM) type II in a private hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. A questionnaire was used to assess the QoL in patients with DM type II and to analyze the relationship between individual characteristics (e.g. gender, age, occupation, marital status, education and income), health factors, self-care behaviors, social support and underlying disease.
The BePFBQ consists of 13 items in a single dimension, using a 5-point Likert scale, and is explained as intrinsic motivation and identified by Deci and Ryan's self-determination theory. Concerning the validity and reliability, the BeP FBQ was conducted using content validity and construct validity and internal consistency Cronbach's internal consistency.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 primary school children aged 6-24 months in the East Mamprusi District of Ghana. The study used descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) to examine the predictors of undernutrition and anemia.
- The study was carried out in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. Data were collected from the Bangladesh National Sample Survey (BNSS) for the years 2005-2006, 2006-2007 and 2008-2009. The population was divided into two sub-areas: the government service area (SA) and the ISA (IA). Data were obtained from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Matlab. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and perinatal mortality rates were calculated.
A brief-caries risk assessment form was developed to be appropriate for use in public health centers by excluding the questions for unchangeable factors, fluoride supplement, water fluoridation and salivary test for mutans streptococci levels, thereby decreasing time per visit from 10-15 min (standard caries risk assessment) to 5 min (short form) to assess the dental health status among preschool children (0-5 years).
The One Health approach is based on the concept that health problems are interrelated and require treatment through collaboration and co-ordination of multiple sectors and disciplines. One tool used in this approach is OH-SMART (One Health Systems Mapping and Analysis Resources Toolkit). The pilot project in Indonesia held by INDOHUN concluded that OH- SMART was adaptable and could be used to measure, identify and strengthen problem-solving with minimal resources.
Qualitative data were collected through focus group interviews and focus group discussions with stroke survivors and their family caregivers in a rural Thai community.
The study was carried out in the city of Phitsanulok, Thailand. The study population consisted of healthy young adults aged between 18 and 35 years old. The participants were asked to imagine themselves performing STS, and the EMG data were collected during both physical and imagined STS. The EMG activity was recorded on the surface of the muscle fibers during the STS imagery.
A quasi-experimental study was conducted in two Iranian prisons. The intervention prison was randomly assigned to follow the clinical protocol for TB and HIV management, while the control prison was not. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The TB indicators were compared between the intervention and control prisons using a standardized questionnaire.
- A health literacy questionnaire was developed based on the Rapid Estimate of Adult Literacy in Medicine (REALM), the Test of Functional Health Literacy for Adults (TOFHLA), the Medical Achievement Reading Test (MART), the Newest Vital Sign (NVS), and the Health literacy skills instrument (HLSI) to measure the health literacy of hypertension in Thailand. The questionnaire was administered to a sample of 1,000 hypertension patients in Thailand in 2015. The instrument consisted of 153 items.
- The study was conducted in four types of hospitals in Thailand: primary, secondary, tertiary and quaternary hospitals. Data were collected at the 6th week and 12th week of follow-up visits. The patients' HRQOL scores were compared to the scores obtained at the first visit to determine the changes in the scores.
This paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on TBI patients and their family caregivers in Malaysia. The systematic review was conducted using the systematic literature review method.
- A narrative review was conducted on CBR evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies.
- The study was conducted in a university hospital in Istanbul, Turkey. A questionnaire was administered to adolescents and young women with PCOS and other healthy women. The questionnaire was divided into two parts. The first part was completed by the adolescents and the second part by the young women. Data were analyzed using the SPSS software.
A cross-sectional study was carried out in Thailand. Data were collected from a sample of children aged two to five years old in home-care and day-care centers. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0.
Using the model for Hypertension Development and Assessment (HDA) as a conceptual framework, this study assessed the rate of uncontrolled BP and its associated factors in patients with predialysis CKD in Bali, Indonesia. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from patients with CKD who were admitted to a tertiary care hospital in the city of Bali.
This paper provides a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies. A conceptual framework from a strategic point of view is projected to show a step-by-step integrated mitigation protocol. Furthermore, this paper also aims to cover, review and report on the considerable research publications on COVID-19 that have been published recently.
This paper is a commentary based on the World Health Organization (WHO) and Bangladeshi Government's reports and official documents.
This study was carried out among rice farmers in the agricultural sector in Nakhon Nayok Province, Thailand. The population of this study was randomly selected using a stratified random sample of rice farmers from four districts in Ongkharak Province. A questionnaire was used to measure the knowledge, attitude and practice of pesticide use and serum cholinesterase levels among the rice farmers.
- The study was conducted at a health center and university hospital in Istanbul, Turkey. The population of the study consisted of pregnant women who had been admitted to the health center during the first and second trimester of their pregnancy. A questionnaire was used to assess the fear of childbirth status of the pregnant women and the factors related to the fear.
- The study was conducted in a university hospital in Turkey. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. Women's distress levels were measured using the distress scale developed by Watson's Theory of Human Caring (Watson et al.), and the distress levels of women's causes of infertility were compared with those of men's causes in order to determine the effect of infertility causes related to gender.
A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify and analyze the effects of yoga on BCRL in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018. The authors searched PubMed, Scopus and Google Scholar for articles related to yoga and BCRL.
A cross-sectional survey was conducted among a representative sample of Thai adults aged 15 years or older (n=1,845) in 2014. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of covariance.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire was developed and distributed to women with possible cancer symptoms. The second phase consisted of a focus group discussion with a group of women who had been diagnosed with gynecological cancers in the past six months.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among female undergraduates in Nigeria. Data were collected through self-administered questionnaires and analyzed using SPSS version 20.0.
This study estimates the discounted money value of human lives lost due to COVID-19 as of 19 April 2020 in Spain using the Discounted Money Value of Human Life (DMVHL) method.
- Data from the Monitoring the Future (MTF) and National Monitoring of Adolescent Prescription Stimulants Study (NMAPSS) were used to assess the prevalence of non-medical use of prescription drugs among youth in the USA. The NMAPSS included open-ended questions to probe youth on their opinions on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using prescription prescription drugs.
This study was conducted in Nakhonsawan, Thailand. The population of this study was selected from the population of the Nakhon Nakhom Thai province, Thailand, using a stratified random sample of 1,000 randomly selected randomly selected people in the age range of 30-39 years. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.
- A randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted among community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate depression in Bangkok, Thailand. The participants were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups (control group, intervention group, and Qigong group) and one control group (no treatment group). The intervention group was given a two-week course of Qig Gong, while the control group received no intervention.
This study used a time series study design to investigate the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students in Thailand. SOP was determined by smartphone output levels.
Data were collected from a cross-sectional survey using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample was drawn from patients who had been diagnosed with uncomplicated malaria in the primary healthcare facilities of Plateau state, Nigeria. Data were analysed using multinomial logistic regression analysis to examine the relationships between the variables.
- The study was conducted in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to women who had given birth in the clinic during the previous six months. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
- A literature review was conducted to identify the key success factors of focus group discussions with the elderly for novice researchers. The literature was reviewed on the basis of the following keywords: "focus group discussion with elderly", "group discussions with elderly" and "focus groups with elderly".
This paper is a commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal. The paper is based on a review of the available literature and the government's response to the outbreak.
The authors developed a sex education learning unit using an active learning method using a blend of game activities, video clips, motion graphics, and discussions to prompt reflection on the effects of decisions on their future. The learning unit consisted of eight sessions lasting from one to two and a half hours. Data were collected at the beginning and end of the program. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, and ANOVA. The authors compared the pre-test and post-test results with the control group.
- A systematic review of the literature on IC in the health sector was conducted to identify the definition and components of IC in rehabilitation organizations, as well as a list of its domains and components. A questionnaire was used to collect data from rehabilitation organizations.
Data were collected from the Demographic and Health Survey (2014-2015) conducted by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in Myanmar. The population was divided into two cohorts, namely, the 1966-1987 cohort and the 1990-1991 cohort. The birth cohorts were determined by the situation in the country, and the marriage patterns were measured by the mean age at first marriage and the percentage of married women. The contraceptive methods used by women in the two cohorts were assessed by the use of IUDs, implants, emergency contraceptive pills, and oral contraceptive pills.
- A cross-sectional study was conducted in a Bangladeshi University. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample consisted of 1,000 university students. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 20.
The Be SAFE booklet was developed and validated by a panel of experts in a related field in education, health, health promotion, or water safety, and representatives from the target audience of both parents and guardians in a local community in Selangor.
An integrative review method was used to analyze the qualitative research that describes the experiences of colorectal cancer patients during postoperative recovery in order to obtain a clear conclusion that will be useful for healthcare providers. The data were collected from three sources, namely, the patients themselves, the healthcare providers and the literature.
Data were collected from TB patients who received treatment at the border hospitals in Chiang Rai province and participated in this study. The population of this study consisted of TB patients receiving treatment at border hospitals from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0.
This study used a mixed methods approach. The experimental group (control group) consisted of undergraduate students who were randomly assigned to one of two groups (experimental group) and the control group (conventional group). In the experimental group, the intervention group was provided with health education and support services through Facebook. The control group was not provided with any intervention. The intervention group consisted of students who did not receive any support from the Facebook group. In the conventional group, no intervention was provided.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a national sample of 1,000 Cambodian women who had experienced IPV during their lifetime. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance.
A questionnaire was developed and validated from the previous study and was modified and used to determine work-environmental factors predicting MFI. The validated questionnaire was freely available from a previous study, which was used in this study.
A randomized, double-blind, between-subjects design was used in this study. Patients were randomly assigned to either treatment group or control group. In the treatment group, probiotics were used to increase the CD4+ T cell counts (CD4+T cells) of patients living with HIV (PLWH). In the control group, no probiotic consumption was used. The treatment group was randomized to treatment group with or without probiotics.
System dynamics analysis was used to analyze the changes in dental caries status among Thai adults and the elderly over time. Data were collected from the 2017 National Oral Health Survey among the population aged 15, 35-44 and 60-74 years.
The study was conducted at a university hospital in Turkey. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 women of reproductive age who were at risk of pregnancy. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. In the first part, the women were asked to indicate their prenatal distress level. The second part of the questionnaire asked them to indicate the personality characteristics of risky pregnant women in terms of extroversion/introversion and conscientiousness/agreeableness.
This study was carried out in two parts. In the first part, the hematological parameters including Hb, RBC, HCT, mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), MCHC, WBC, lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes were measured. The second part of the study was conducted in the second part. In this part, PM, carbon monoxide (CO), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitrogen oxides (NO), sulfur dioxide, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), heavy metals (fluoride, arsenic, lead, mercury and selenium) and other toxic compounds were measured in the form of PM, CO, PAHs, NO, sulfur dioxide and heavy metals.
This study was a cross-sectional survey based on sexual risk behaviors and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The sample size of this study consisted of 200 respondents. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0.
This study used a mixed-methods approach, using both qualitative and quantitative methods. In the qualitative study, the participants were interviewed before and after exposure to the HIV prevention education program, and in the quantitative study, they were asked to complete a questionnaire about their knowledge, attitudes and behavioral changes after being exposed to the program.
This study used the cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) to assess the cost of TB treatment and care for Burmese and Laotian TB patients in two hospitals located on the border with Myanmar and Laos in Chiang Rai province, Thailand. The hospitals were selected based on a random sample of TB patients who were identified from the Multidrug-resistant Tuberculosis register.
This cross-sectional study was conducted among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey. The population was selected by stratified random sampling from the selected villages using stratified sampling method.
A questionnaire-based survey was used to collect data from the healthcare sector companies in India. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, t-test, factor analysis and cluster analysis.
This study used a quantitative research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey among high school students in Bangkok metropolitan area of Thailand. A total of 585 questionnaires were distributed to the students and the responses were analyzed using the structural equation modeling technique.
Data were collected from left-behind wives of migrants living in rural area of central Myanmar. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The authors used the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach to analyze the data.
The study was conducted among children aged 6-18 years in Egor Local Government Area (LGA) of Edo State, Nigeria. The population of the study was selected using stratified random sampling from the population of primary schools in the local government area. The study population was stratified into two groups, namely, children aged 5-6 years and 7-9 years, and children aged 9-10 years. The children were randomly selected using purposive sampling. The BIA and MUAC were used for the assessment of overnutrition in the study.
A self-administered questionnaire was used to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 male and female vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 tests and factor analysis.
The study was conducted as a community-based case-control study. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to the hill tribe villages in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 hill tribe people living in 749 villages.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among older adults (aged 60 years or older) living in Phayao province in Northern Thailand. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to assess socio-demographic factors, perceptions of the health status and family relationships. The second part was developed to assess the QoL of the older adults in the rural areas of Thailand.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a random sample of 1,000 urban residents in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software.
A time series study was conducted using a self-administered questionnaire to collect data from a random sample of adolescents aged 13-15 years old in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The data were analyzed using SPSS software.
The study was conducted during 1998-2016. The data were collected from the National Vector-Borne Disease Center (NVDC) and National Vector Borne Disease Monitoring Center (NDMC) during the study period. The study was carried out in two phases. The first phase consisted of a descriptive study of the epidemiological situation and control strategies of VBDs in Nepal. The second phase was a quantitative study using a case-by-case analysis of the VBD epidemiological situations.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of 1,000 rice farmers. The questionnaire was distributed to the rice farmers using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
Systematic review and meta-analysis were used for this study. A systematic review was conducted by using the systematic literature review method. The systematic review consisted of a total of 1,845 articles published in peer-reviewed journals in English.
Data were collected from the 7th Thailand National Oral Health Survey (2012) using a cross-sectional survey design. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate regression analysis.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of the highest attainable standard of health and on the experiences of new graduates on this topic.
The study was conducted among male high school students in Ubon Ratchathani province, Thailand. The smoking cessation program was designed based on the information-motivation-behavioral (IMB) skills and the stages of change model. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: smokers or non-smokers. The first group was randomly selected to participate in the program, and the second group was not randomly selected. The control group consisted of smokers who did not smoke.
This study used an accepted method to determine the potential dermal exposure (PDE) of operators under field conditions, according to OECD guidelines. The PDE was determined by applying a combination of different types of spray application techniques and spray volumes on the operator's body.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from older persons in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study was conducted in Bang Kachao Riverbend, a famous eco-touristic bicycle travel park in Thailand. Data were collected using a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The data were collected by means of a series of field observations, and the characteristics of water containers, including pH, total dissolved solids (TDS), electric conductivity (EC, mS/cm), dissolved oxygen (DO, mg/l) and pH, TDS, EC and DO, were analyzed.
This retrospective cohort study applied the semiparametric extrapolation method to estimate the survival function throughout the lifetime of patients with ischemic stroke and intracerebral hemorrhage relative to age and sex.
The study was conducted among RTAF officers with non-communicable disease (NCD) risks. The smoking cessation program was implemented in two phases. In the first phase, the motivation program was designed based on the stage of change theory and social support theory. The second phase consisted of the implementation of a smoking cessation intervention based on a modified version of the motivational program. The intervention consisted of two phases: pre- and post-intervention surveys, and a follow-up questionnaire.
The study was conducted among adult patients with bronchial asthma who attended an asthma clinic at a university-based primary care clinic in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to all patients who attended the asthma clinic in the past four weeks.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through questionnaires administered to a random sample of 1,000 participants at a free dental camp held in Kampala, Uganda. The study used descriptive statistics, frequency distribution, descriptive statistics and descriptive statistics.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and a parent-daughter sexual communication survey. Data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
Serum lipid, lipoprotein, Hcy and PDGF profiles were collected from patients with hypertension. The serum lipid profile included total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipop Protein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL- C), triglycerides (TG) and total lipid content (TLC). The serum Hcy profile included homocysteine (Hcy), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) and nitric oxide (NO) synthase (NO).
Using a unique sample recruited from the fourth most populous city in the USA, this study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of international travelers (n=1,037) who had traveled abroad at least once in the past five years.
This study used a cross-sectional design. A total of 1,000 patients with multiple trauma incidents were included in the study. The Trauma Outcome Profile (TOP) was used to measure the QOL and its predictors. Also, the Chronic Pain Grade Questionnaire (CPGQ) and the Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC-10) were employed to measure pain and resilience in Thais for the first time, while the Jalowiec Coping Scale was employed to assess the patient's coping strategies.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from the Karnataka Department of Health and Family Welfare's (DGHF) database. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multinomial logistic regression analysis.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed model.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among women of reproductive age in Pathein township in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, multiple regression analysis and the PRECEDE-PROCEED model to identify factors associated with ECPs use.
A quasi-experimental research design was used in this study. In total, 50 hypertensive patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups (n=30, n=25) to receive mindfulness-based health education (MBHE) in the form of self-reflective or group work induced intention, attention and attitude. In the first group, the participants were given a pre-test and a post-test questionnaire. The second group was given the MBHE and the third group was not given any health education.
A mixed-methods research design was used. Data were collected using a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The questionnaire was distributed to adolescents aged 10-19 years in Tema, a suburb of Ghana's capital city.
A mixed-methods study was carried out in six regions of Thailand. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of healthcare providers in the area of immunization. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences.
The researcher applied Bloom's learning theory as the program framework to increase the health volunteers' abilities in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand. Bloom's theory classified individual learning objectives into three domains: cognitive domain - teaching to achieve knowledge; affective domain - attitude of learners toward the subject; and psychomotor domain - the ability to practice after learning. The researcher applied the cognitive domain by teaching health volunteers about the present situation of Thai elderly, the concept of the elderly, diseases and symptoms in the elderly and theory of skills needed to learn before practising basic health care for elderly. The affective domains were taught by the researcher by teaching them about the situation of elderly, symptoms and diseases in elderly, and theory and practice of skills required to learn. The cognitive domain was taught by teaching the health volunteer about the concept and symptoms of elderly.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. The sample consisted of 1,000 pregnant women in paid employment in Gombe state, Northeast Nigeria. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using descriptive statistics and multiple regression analysis.
A qualitative study was conducted using in-depth interviews with 20 caregivers of persons with schizophrenia in Thailand. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
The study was conducted in two phases. The first phase consisted of a pre- and post-intervention study to determine the glycemic and periodontal status of DM patients. The second phase was a follow-up study to assess the effect of the LCDC program on glycemic level and periodental status. The study population was DM patients aged 30-44 years in Bangkok, Thailand. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: control group (control group) and intervention group (intervention group).
This study used the WHOQOL-BREF-THAI-QOL instrument to measure the QOL of older adults in Thailand. The study population consisted of 1,000 older adults aged 60 and older who participated in the social dance exercise and social support program. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: the control group and the intervention group. The intervention group was randomly selected to participate in the intervention program, while the treatment group was not.
A cross-sectional survey was conducted among married women aged 15-64 years old living in the residence of the husband's family in West and East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
The redesign of the current CPM machine involved the improvement of the mechanical and electrical systems. The newly redesigned machine is scoped to address knee movement in flexion and extension directions. The machine is also designed to be more flexible to accommodate knee flexion, extension and rotation.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among industrial workers in Thailand. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The study sample consisted of 1,000 industrial workers from different industries.
The study recruited women at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period (LMP). The regimen of MTP, or the combination package of 200 mg of mifepristone (Mf) and misoprostol (Ms) for TP for less than 64 days since LMP, consisting of 200mg of mf orally followed 24-48 h later by 800 ug of misoproprostol vaginally or sub- vaginally vaginally, was used.
This study was conducted in Chiang Mai, Thailand, using a cross-sectional survey design. The population of this study consisted of the elderly's caregivers in the family in the city of Chiang Rai, Thailand. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to the family caregivers, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase levels were collected from children aged one to three years old living in an agricultural community in Sakon Nakhon province, North-East Thailand. Children's blood samples were analysed for the levels of organophosphate (OP) residues, urinary metabolite (UMT) and cholinease (ChE) levels and behavioural factors (hand-to-mouth behaviour, object- to-mouth behaviours and pica behaviours).
A cluster randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted among overweight junior high school students, aged between 12 and 15 years. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: control group (no intervention) and modified health belief model (HBM)-based intervention group (modified HBM-based intervention). The intervention group was given a modified version of the HBM modified for intervention program. The control group received no intervention, while the modified intervention group received the modified HBM intervention. Participants were asked to complete measures of health knowledge and health behavior before and after the intervention.
The study was conducted in Khao Koh District, Phetchabun Province, Thailand. The population of the study consisted of people living in the highlands at Khao Kho Sub-district. The study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, soil and sediment samples were collected and analyzed. The second phase involved the collection of water and agricultural samples to determine the level of pesticide use and environmental contamination.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among the elderly population in Chiang Rai, Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the elderly in the city of Chiang Mai, Phayao, Nan, Phrae, Lam Pang and Kamphaeng Phet. The respondents were asked to indicate their level of knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) of earthquake preparedness.
The HEPA application was used to assess the health effects from smartphone and tablet usage among the elderly population in Thailand. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 elderly people aged 60 years and older in Thailand using a self-administered questionnaire. The data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
A questionnaire survey was conducted among the women working in garment factories in Kathmandu district, Nepal. The questionnaire was distributed among the factory working mothers (laborers) in the garment factories using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaires were distributed in two parts. In the first part, the women were asked to indicate their level of knowledge and practice of breastfeeding (BF). In the second part, they were asked about the factors associated with BF.
An in-depth interview method was used to collect the data from 80 informants in three provinces of Thailand. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
This study was conducted in Suphanburi province, Thailand, where the children enrolled in child development centers were selected as being amongst the most delayed in their language development. FDC staff were asked to complete a questionnaire regarding their personal competencies regarding parenting promotion for pre-school language development and the factors affecting their capabilities regarding family support services to promote family language practice.
The study uses a cross-sectional data set from the Nepal Labor Force Survey 2013/2014 to estimate the association between FLFP, caste system, paid maternity leave, child mortality and under-5 mortality in Nepal. The study uses the multinomial logit model to analyze the relationship between these variables.
The study was conducted in a plastic bag factory where the workers wore neither respirator nor gloves. The workers' inhalation and dermal exposure to toluene were assessed using the charcoal cloth pad (CCP) as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeability coefficient (Kp) of liquid to LU. The association of to LU exposure and UTol was investigated using the threshold limit value-time-weighted Average (TLV-TWA) as the BEI.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to patients at primary-level and secondary-level health facilities in Indonesia's health coverage (IHC) system. The sample consisted of patients who had received pharmaceutical care services from a pharmacist at a primary- level health facility or a secondary health facility. A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed to the pharmacists at each level of health facilities. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences.
This paper presents a case study of a community-based alcohol-control program in Thailand. The program was implemented during Buddhist Lent (BL) in which the Thai Health Promotion Foundation (ThaiHealth), a major health promotion agency in Thailand, has taken this opportunity stemming from religious grounds to promote an initiation of alcohol consumption reduction among current drinkers during the BL period or to encourage them to quit drinking altogether as part of the "Buddhist Lent Dry Campaign." The program has been successfully implemented for more than ten years and is organized at both national and community levels.
The "Apply CPAR approach" on the five phases of this intervention consisted of all stakeholders in the sub-district and included health providers in low and high dengue risk PCUs, VHVs, householders in villages and others. The intervention was carried out in six villages in the low dengu risk PCU and in four villages in high d Dengue Risk PCU. The community participation in the study was based on five phases, such as community participation, situation analysis, planning, development and evaluation of the surveillance system, implementation of the intervention and comparison before and after intervention.
In this study, F concentration and F half-life in saliva after brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of F toothpaste with or without rinsing were measured. The salivary flow rate using the different brushing procedures was also studied. Salivary F retention was measured by pharmacokinetic parameters.
The study was conducted among older Thai persons (aged 60 years and older). The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: the control group and the modified Khon exercise group. The modified exercise group was given the modified version of the Khon dance performance. The control group received the traditional version of Khon, while the modified exercise was given to the modified group. Participants were randomly selected from the control and modified group, and their functional fitness was assessed using a questionnaire.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted among postnatal mothers. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to assess the knowledge and attitude of mothers regarding the essential newborn care practices. The second part was administered to the mothers in the second phase to assess their knowledge and attitudes regarding these practices.
The study was conducted among elderly hypertension patients with uncontrolled blood pressure in rural area, northeast of Thailand. The population of this study was drawn from the 5th National Health Exam Survey in 2008-2009. The study population consisted of 1,000 elderly persons aged 60 years and older who had been diagnosed with hypertension and received antihypertensive medication at least one year after being diagnosed and receiving the medication. Data were collected using a questionnaire.
The study was conducted among the population of Bangladesh during the years 2010-2011. The population was divided into two groups, i.e. urban and rural communities. The data were collected from the World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Survey (WHS) for the years 2009-2010, 2010-2012, and 2013-2014. The WHS data were used to estimate the effect of elimination of diseases on the life expectancy of the population.
This integrative review included 33 intervention studies. The systematic literature review method was used to identify the methodological and substantive features of these studies.
The study was conducted in Chiang Rai province, Thailand, using the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) Thai 2002 as a cognitive screening tool. The population of the study consisted of older hill-tribe older people aged 60 years and above who were randomly selected from the population of Thailand's hill tribe older population. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part consisted of demographic information and the second part of the questionnaire was used to determine the prevalence of cognitive impairment.
A cross-sectional survey was conducted among elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia. The population of this study consisted of elderly residents aged 60 years or above who resided in a NH in the province. The sample size for this study was 1,000. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire, which was distributed to the elderly residents of the NHs. The respondents were asked to indicate their level of QoL and the factors influencing the QOL in relation to their reasons for living in an NH.
The study was conducted in Jambi Province, Indonesia. The population of this study consisted of children aged 6-59 months old. Data were collected from mothers and their children. The study population consisted of mothers who had a child under the age of six years old and their child's birth weight at the time of birth. The age of the child was determined as 24-59 years old. The control group consisted of the mothers who did not have any children under six years of age.
A mixed method approach was used to assess the needs of patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, focus group interviews and interviews with nurses and patients.
A quasi-experimental study was conducted in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand, using the Health Belief Model (HBM) as a theoretical framework for designing the intervention program. The intervention program consisted of three phases. In the first phase, the researcher used the HBM constructs to design the intervention. The second phase consisted of a questionnaire survey to assess the effectiveness of the intervention and the third phase was a survey to evaluate the effectiveness. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.
The GM's xanthone was isolated by gas chromatography-mass spectral analysis. The isolated xanthones were analyzed for their bioactive properties in relation to health promotion effects of mangosteen juice.
A systematic literature review was conducted to identify the most common interventions used to prevent WMSDs among HCWs. The most commonly used interventions were introducing arm support and height adjustments.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on health and disease concepts, health development perspective and health development approach.
Ten participants with diverse sexual orientations/genders were invited to participate in the study. The trustworthiness was used to ensure the results from the qualitative data. The data were analyzed using narrative qualitative research.
A self-efficacy theory-based educational program on condom and emergency contraceptive pill use was designed based on a peer-led educational program. The educational program was delivered in two parts. The first part focused on knowledge and attitudes and the second part on intentions to use condoms and emergency contraceptives. The participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those who participated in the educational program and those who did not participate in the program. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The research assistant was of a similar age and lived in the same context as participants, creating a comfortable climate for data collection.
The population of this study was taken from clients in a rehabilitation treatment setting, having already passed the detoxification phase and also not showing any physical withdrawal. Therefore, physical withdrawal was excluded from the selected independent variable of the study. A set of questionnaires that produce database on client's perception on relapse risk during the rehabilitation phase of treatment was employed.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a random sample of 1,000 students aged 13-15 years old in Bhutan. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, kh2 test and multiple regression analysis.
A cross-sectional study was conducted among married adolescent girls aged 15-19 years in urban slums of Bangladesh. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The sample was selected using stratified random sampling technique. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and multivariate analysis of variance.
This study used a qualitative research design. Data were collected through interviews and observations in a senior high school cafeteria in Depok City, Indonesia. In total, 30 students participated in the study.
A questionnaire survey was conducted in Thammasen sub-district, Photharam district, Ratchaburi province, Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the community members of the community health center (CHC) and community health workers (CHW). A total of 1,000 questionnaires were distributed, out of which 1,500 questionnaires received, resulting in a response rate of 77.5 percent. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 20.0.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of health for all by the year 2000 (HFA/2000) and the World Health Organization (WHO) Global Strategy for Health For All by the Year 2000.
This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of health care in Thailand.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among the Lahu people in 217 villages in Chiang Rai, Northern Thailand. The data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. The first part of the questionnaire was distributed to Lahu males and females aged 18 years and above, and the second part was sent to the entire population of the villages. The respondents were asked to answer questions about their patterns and perceptions of alcohol drinking.
This study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from Thai older adults (aged 60 and older) in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses.
The intervention group consisted of women aged 30-44 years (44.2 percent) and 45-59 years (50.6 percent) who were randomly assigned to the intervention group and the control group. The intervention group was randomly selected from a sample of 1,000 obese women in rural municipal areas in Thailand. The control group had a BMI of 25.5 percent, body mass index (BMI), WC ratio, body fat, visceral fat, and waist-free mass (WC) ratio, and metabolic syndrome risk reduction index (MSRI). The intervention groups were randomly selected using a stratified random sampling method from the population of the study area.
A qualitative study was conducted to describe and compare the effective of HFMD prevention and control measures between low and high epidemic areas. An in-depth interview method was used to collect the data from 18 staff members who work in sub-district local governments in the northern part of Thailand.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was administered to mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria. The questionnaire was administered in two parts. In the first part, the mothers were asked to indicate their level of knowledge of childhood immunization. The second part of the questionnaire was used to determine the factors that determine the compliance of mothers with routine childhood Immunization.
The study was conducted in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand. The population of the study was older workers in community enterprises. The sample consisted of older workers who were employed in pasteurized salted egg processing, rice cracker production, tissue box sewing, organic fertilizer development, and weaving. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to the older workers of community enterprises in 32 districts of the province.
This study was a cross-sectional descriptive study. The study was conducted in a district hospital in Chulalongkorn Province, Thailand. The population of the study was all suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients (PTB) who had been diagnosed with smear positive TB in the previous six months. Data were collected from the district TB co-ordinating team and the community health volunteers. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-test, ANOVA, and ANOVA.
Data were collected from 352 Thai immigrant employees working in Bangkok (n=352) and Nonthaburi provinces (N=248) in Thailand. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of "One Health" and the author's personal experience in the field.
The authors used the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale to assess caregivers' QoL among patients with cancer in a teaching hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire and analyzed using structural equation modeling.
This study was conducted in the highland area of Chiang Rai province in Northern Thailand. The population of this study was selected as a model community in this study. A questionnaire was designed to collect data on knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) of MSW management among highland residents. The questionnaire was distributed to the residents of highland community. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 21.
This study used the qualitative method, the purpose to explore experiences of survivors of IPV in Thai women. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with 20 women who had experienced IPV. The interview data were analyzed using thematic analysis.
A convenience-based survey was used to collect the data. The sample consisted of 1,000 young college women aged between 18 and 25 years in Thailand. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
A systematic review was conducted using the systematic literature review method to identify relevant studies published in peer-reviewed journals in HIV/HIV testing and counselling (HTC) journals between 2000 and 2015. The selected studies were then systematically reviewed to identify the impact of community-based HTC interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes.
An integrative review of qualitative research concerning the discharge readiness of patients who underwent primary THR was conducted. Qualitative empirical evidence was reviewed to create an understanding of patients' views and experiences of readiness for discharge after THR.
The study was carried out in Lalmonirhat district, Bangladesh, using a cross-sectional survey design. The sample was selected from the stone crushing industries in the district. The population of the study was selected using stratified random sampling. The data were collected using a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the workers of the industries using a purposive sampling technique. The total number of questionnaires distributed was 1,000.
A questionnaire was developed to collect data from dental patients who attended dental clinics in Thailand. The questionnaire consisted of three parts. The first part of the questionnaire was designed to determine the patients' attitude toward screening for DM in dental clinics. The second part was to determine their willingness to be tested in dental clinic by non-medical personnel. The third part was a survey to determine patients' attitudes toward DM screening.
A Delphi study was conducted to develop the SNNPC for neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia. A total of 20 experts were invited to participate in this study. The experts were selected from the Department of Pediatric Nursing and Midwifery of the Angkor Hospital for Children in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. The expert group consisted of ten pediatric nurses.
An adapted-for-purpose questionnaire was designed to capture urban HHEs among Malaysian households. The questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 1,000 households in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The reliability and validity of the questionnaire were assessed using confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and structural equation modeling (SEM).
In this study, the effects of unilateral Swedish massage on the neural activities measured by quantitative electroencephalography (EEG) were investigated. The Swedish massage was performed in two parts. The first part of the study was conducted with a control group and the second part was performed with a treatment group. The treatment group was randomly assigned to one of the two treatment groups. In the first part, the brain activities were measured by EEG. The brain waves were recorded in terms of their frequencies consisting of d (0.5-4 Hz), th (4-8 Hz), a (8-13 Hz) and b waves (>13 Hz). In the second stage, the EEG was recorded in the treatment group and then in the control group.
The training program factors were selected from the VSPOMM, which was composed of seven factors from 74 selected variables, which were as follows: providing administration and management for everyone, regardless of time and place, as of media and technologies fit in any way, establishing administration by collaboration and clearing house, supporting technical services both in the system and outside the system in academic administration, instituting stakeholder support system in the network of general administration, freedom in budget administration, especially in information technology development, personnel administration with new management and information technology skills, and operating support resources management, including management cockpit, document, and URL web link, and using web technology applications.
The ambient dust pollution was assessed by using the Environmental Perimeter Monitoring Station (EPMS) handheld monitoring devices. The PM2.5 and PM10 concentrations were determined using the Western Air Quality Index (WQI) and the World Health Organization (WHO) reference guideline values, respectively. The study also examined the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors (traffic congestion, wind speed, ambient temperature and relative humidity) in the study area.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on medical care globalization and medical tourism. The paper is mainly based on the author's personal experience in the field.
A randomized control trial and follow-up study was conducted in Thailand. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups (supervised exercise program and non-supervised use of a pedometer alone) with or without a supervised exercise program. The control group (no exercise program or pedometer) was randomized to either the intervention group or the control group.
A cross-sectional study was conducted in Don Tum district, Nakhon Pathom, Thailand. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The sample consisted of 1,000 school-aged children aged six to ten years old. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 20.0.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from older people and their families in the northern communities of Thailand. The questionnaire was distributed to the older people in their homes and to their immediate family members. The respondents were asked to indicate the variety of foods that they consume.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on critical social science as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, as well as the author's own experience of working in the field.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature on universities and research in times of crisis, and the author's personal experience of working with universities and researchers during the pandemic.
A participatory approach aided by the Delphi technique was used in the study. The E-Delphi method as described here is one of the best alternatives available for transforming our curriculum in scientific manner during a lockdown situation. Appropriate use of technology and participation of a variety of experienced professionals can make this transformation feasible in a short time.
The authors critically assess the potential benefits and limitations of CAE as a qualitative research method to be used by social scientists during the unprecedented time of lockdown, self-isolation and social distancing. The authors argue that qualitative researchers should consider using their own first-hand experiences as a rich source of data.
The paper draws from a qualitative research project that sought to understand the ways in which teachers and researchers were responding to COVID-19 in their teaching and learning. The data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews, participant observation and document analysis. Data were analysed using a thematic analysis approach.
The paper is based on the author's experience as vice-chancellor of La Trobe University in Australia during the bushfires and COVID-19.
- The author's three ways of being encompass the personal, the public and the pedagogical. The virus breathing at the nape of our collective necks, we have exactly that...the uninvited narcissistic breath of COVID. What matters now?
The research question is translated as: what is the importance of sustainable innovation in product innovation and services? Coherently, this study aims to examine the influence of SI on products and services innovation, in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil). In addition to this introduction, the article presents the theoretical inherent in innovation and sustainable innovation; results and discussions and conclusions.
The empirical context lies on Brazilian fans who have produced and published plays on YouTube based on main franchises in the entertainment industry. Interpretive Content Analysis (ICA) was used to analyze fanvideos produced by Brazilian fans and posted on YouTube. Results are described through categories and codes.
The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a theoretical model was proposed and tested using structural equation modeling (SEM). In the second phase, the data were collected through a survey, using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to a sample of 1,000 Brazilian students.
Data were collected from a sample of accounting professionals working in a financial services company in Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
The study is based on a quantitative approach. The sample consists of early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of 1,000 entrepreneurs. The authors used the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to analyze the data.
Data were collected through an online survey, using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS).
This study is based on a bibliographic review of the national scientific production of the field of SHRM in Brazil between 1997 and 2017. The authors analyzed the articles published in the first two editions of the Brazilian edition of the International Journal of Human Resource Management from 1997 to 2017.
A qualitative research design was used in this study. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with women who consume online pornography, and the data were analyzed using a thematic analysis.
The authors conducted an experiment with the choice of pension plans in a country with a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) regime and a fully funded defined contribution (FF-DC) regime. The authors used a random sample of 1,000 employees, who were randomly assigned to one of the two pension plans. The data were analyzed by means of logistic regression.
Data were collected through a survey conducted in the Northeast region of Brazil. The sample consisted of companies that participated in the Edital de Inovacao para a Industria (Notice of Innovation for Industry) program between 2012 and 2017. The data were analyzed by means of descriptive statistics and logistic regression.
The authors chose a qualitative methodology, the content analysis (Bardin, 2016), divided into three stages: (1) preanalysis, (2) material exploration and (3) treatment of results, inference and interpretation.
A multiple case study of three Brazilian companies in the civil construction industry was carried out. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with managers from each of the studied companies. The interviews were conducted in order to investigate the current problem solving strategies, degree of knowledge, the agents' perception on the alternative approach and interaction with internal (other employees) and external agents (customers and suppliers).
A case study was carried out in a Portuguese human resource (HR) company. A total of 205 responses were obtained from the company's Facebook page, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares method.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a qualitative study was carried out, using semi-structured interviews with managers of companies that have been technology-based incubators linked to community universities in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The second phase consisted of a quantitative study, using a questionnaire survey of the companies that participated in the study.
The analysis is based on a sample of Brazilian companies listed on the BM&F Bovespa Stock Exchange (BVES) for the period of 2011-2015. The data were collected through a questionnaire that was sent to the board of directors (BD) and to the executive board (EB) of these companies. The sample consists of 1,812 companies, representing a response rate of 27.5 percent.
This paper presents a case study carried out in an aircraft maintenance center that composes the Brazilian aeronautical sector. The objective of the study is to analyze and propose a sequencing method for maintenance activities in order to reduce the total downtime. Once the sequencing aims to increase the aircraft availability, it has a strong influence on delivering the service in a competitive time. In this way, aircraft maintenance centers must guarantee a fast, quality service with competitive cost in the market.
The authors adopted a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire that was distributed to teenagers between the ages of 13 and 19 years of age. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling (SEM).
This paper uses a qualitative research method - with a descriptive character - to demonstrate how information about DL patents related to continuing medical education can be extracted, organized and made available, in the form of graphs and dynamic tables, using the Patent2net computational tool, which collects and organizes the massive amounts of information related to DL patents.
This study is based on a quantitative research design, using a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire, which was distributed to the population of smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo (SP), and the data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling.
The study adopted a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of SMEs firms in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The paper is divided into five topics. First, the literature review is presented in order to better understand the concept of low-cost and its transition to the bus market. The bus markets in Europe and in the USA were analyzed and a research on regulation was made, given the importance of that factor in the development of bus systems. Finally, low- cost bus business models around the world were characterized and discussed.
To conduct the research, a panel with six specialists was conducted, whose reports were analyzed through a content analysis with the aid of software.
The population of companies making IPO in the Brasil Bolsa Balcao (B3) between 2007 and 2017 was considered. The hypotheses were verified by using descriptive statistics, correlation analysis, mean difference tests and cross-sectional regression, including their assumptions.
The IMP of the FAZ Program is analyzed according to the public policy goals of Pro-Inova Serido Region, and the results generated by the program are compared with the results obtained by the IMP's results.
The research is based on a case study of seven strategic projects of the Brazilian Army. The authors analyzed the innovation value chain of these projects through the application of a value chain analysis (VCA) model. In order to do so, the authors applied the VCA model, which was developed by the authors' own research.
The technical report to be presented is from the company Vendo Movel, real name withheld by the studied organization, founded in 2011; it is the first online store in Brazil specializing in the sale of complete sets for babies, children and young teenagers, selling furniture and decoration items. Therefore, it is placed within the value chain of the large Brazilian furniture market, retail chain.
To do this, the authors collected data and submitted them to EFA and multiple regressions. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling.
A systematic literature review was conducted to identify the main characteristics of the different PPS approaches. The authors identified 12 taxonomies of PPS methods, which are grouped into three main categories: traditional, multi-criteria decision and simulation-based approaches. Then, the authors identified which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects.
The Scopus knowledge base, a comprehensive database of scientific journals, was chosen as the object of this study. The Scopus database was searched for articles on sharing economy published in international journals between 2000 and 2016. The bibliometric and sociometric indicators used in this study were: authors, research centers, keywords, citations, journals and research networks. In addition, content analysis was performed to identify the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field, as well as international aspects of research in this field.
Data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 supermarket customers. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
A systematic review of the literature on Brazil's image and personality was carried out, using the method of content analysis. The review was conducted in two steps: first, a content analysis was performed to identify the main characteristics of the Brazilian personality, associating them with the cordial man of the book Raizes do Brasil (Roots of Brazil). Second, the characteristics of Brazilian personality that emerged from the review were compared with those of the Cordial Man of Roots of Brazil.
For this analysis, the authors use two correlation techniques, two types of portfolios' formation analysis and two univariate regressions to attest the robustness, besides some multivariate regression with several control variables. The authors use a sample of 1,000 Brazilian companies listed on the Bovespa stock market from January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2017.
For doing so, a mixed methodological approach (qualitative and quantitative) was applied through a case study of a large Brazilian automaker. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's top management and through the use of the impact and probability matrix.
Based on the literature review, the authors propose a research model that links the adoption of sustainable innovation practices to the performance of industrial companies. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 industrial companies operating in Brazil, using a structured questionnaire. The authors used structural equation modeling (SEM) to analyze the data.
An experimental design was used to test the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement. The study is operationalized by the two products operationalized in the manipulation of the type of purchase (utilitarian vs hedonic).
The authors conducted the empirical research in 2017, based on 20 interviews with experts and professional coaches with knowledge and experience in the Portuguese organizational context and in other European countries, as some of them work in France, Germany, England and Spain.
This study is based on a qualitative approach, using a case study of Uber drivers in a developing country. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with Uber drivers and a focus group discussion.
For this, a survey was conducted on private companies' requirements for workers, focusing on the profile of this workforce in terms of gender, education and time with the company from a longitudinal perspective. The database used is from the survey "Melhores Empresas para Voce Trabalhar - MEPT" (Best Companies To Work For). This research annually compiles data from hundreds of companies operating in Brazil, regarding their HRM policies and practices, as well as the perceptions of their employees regarding the work environment.
The tool was developed using a contingency approach to project management, considering that adopting a contingency management approach, adapted to the environment where it is applied, could increase the chances of project's success in organizations. The tool was designed and developed in two phases. The first phase consisted in the design of the tool, based on a literature review. The second phase involved the development of a prototype tool, which was applied to a case study of a Brazilian SS-GP program.
Data were collected through an online survey from a sample of public servants working in public organizations. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study is based on a case study of the strategic decision-making process of Itaipu, a company that has been recognized as a sustainable company in the water sector. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's managers and employees, as well as through the analysis of documents and archival data.
The research was carried out in a network of individual entrepreneurs and small companies that participates in flows of products and by-products in common. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the members of the network, and the data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method.
To reach this objective, the work focused on the concept of Entrepreneurial Universities in the bibliographic review. This concept accurately predicts which are the main factors that guarantee an efficient transfer of knowledge between the academic environment and the private sector, generating social and economic impact. With such factors defined, there was also a search for the understanding of how the Brazilian situation is in this sense.
The methodology used for the quantitative phase of this research was a quantitative approach. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire that was distributed to the young public in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The criterion for selecting the audience was due to the representative role that young people play in society, in the process of building more sustainable and resilient urban cities and rural areas, since they are immersed in new ICTs and regularly engage in discussions to find solutions that allow communities to adapt and grow, even when facing adversity. The questionnaire was distributed by e-mail, and the data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences.
The authors conducted a survey of 123 students in their last year of an Administration course at a private university in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil. The data were analyzed by means of structural equation modeling.
The study is based on a sample of 117 respondents from the lubricating oil industry in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) with partial least squares (PLS).
Starting with the objective of verifying the practical importance attributed to the themes of operations management by its practitioners, and seeking to understand how manufacturing and service organizations differ in this, the authors collected and analyzed 394 job postings by manufacturing and services companies in major Brazilian human resources websites.
To accomplish this objective, a systematic review of literature on dynamic capabilities was conducted. A total of 42 articles were selected from the Web of Science, Scopus and Scopus databases. The authors analyzed the methods of the 42 articles according to the study of Slavec and Drnovesek (2012).
The instrument for data collection was threefold: for the economic dimension, the authors used 20 BSCs typical indicators, according to Henri (2009); 9 and 22 indicators from Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (2008) for environmental and social dimensions, respectively. The empirical research had a sample that summed up 149 companies in Brazil.
To reach this objective, a Systematic Review of the Literature was performed by selecting 20 articles that present the term "workaround" in the IS field of knowledge. Out of the 20 articles, 85 percent are empirical, revealing that the concern of most studies was to analyze how workaround behavior can affect organizations' daily activities to take preventive or corrective measures regarding the workaround behavior.
A multiple case study was conducted in the metal-mechanical industry of Sorocaba (State of Sao Paulo, Brazil). Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the owners/managers of six small businesses in the industry.
This paper is based on a qualitative approach, using case studies of three National Institute of Technology (INCTs) of the Triple Helix (Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Universidades Federal do Rio de Janeiro and Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil). The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and document analysis.
The authors conducted a systematic literature review on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The authors used the systematic review method to identify relevant articles published in peer-reviewed journals between 2000 and 2015.
A bibliometric study was carried out to evaluate quantitatively the production, dissemination and use of SEM in the field of administration in Brazil, using prominent journals known nationwide. The study was conducted in three stages. First, a literature review on SEM was conducted to identify the areas in which it is applied, the tools used, the authors and the institutions the authors are affiliated with. Second, a search was performed in the journals' archives or in the databases EBSCO and PROQUEST to find the articles that relied on the use of the technique. Third, the results of the searches were compared with the results obtained from the databases.
The authors used the co-plot method, which was employed in the study by Segev et al. (1999), which evaluated the adaptation of American business schools through changes in the curriculum, seeking to identify the differences between them. In this work, by applying a similar technique to identify clusters, they seek to understand the isomorphic or competitive behavior of each program.
Based on the theory of the illusion of control (OC) and the literature review, the authors propose a conceptual framework to analyze the relationship between environmental scanning as a collective process and the individual approach as a barrier to collective processes in organizations. Based on this framework, a survey was carried out in order to test the hypotheses.
The authors conducted a quantitative research to examine brand archetype perceptions of three global brands - Facebook, Apple and Amazon - in four countries - Portugal, Brazil, Colombia and Peru. The authors analyzed: if consumers' perceptions of the archetypes of international brands are homogeneous in different countries; if the characterization of brands through words and archetypes is homogeneous and accepted by consumers; and whether the existing brand/archetype designations in the literature are still accurate.
A qualitative study was conducted in two classes of an elective course in a management degree program in a federal university in Northeastern Brazil. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with students who participated in the two classes. The data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis.
This paper is based on a critical analysis of the literature on advanced manufacturing and on the experiences of Germany and the USA. It is a conceptual paper that analyzes the most widespread approach to the "fourth industrial revolution".
In this study, the authors sought to analyze - from the perspective of the consumer - the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers on their participation in social commerce, either by purchasing, recommending or continuing to use the website. In this sense, eight different factors were analyzed: reputation, trust, information, quality, perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, transaction safety, social commerce components, product delivery and product delivery. In addition, the association between consumer's profiles and characteristics of the products purchased or searched or searched with a higher or lower use of comments and online ratings, as well as participation in forums and communities was analyzed.
The authors conducted a longitudinal analysis ex post facto, in order to answer the following question: do PMOs in NGOs affect the performance of projects' fundraising? The authors investigated this hypothetical relationship in a third sector organization, given the lack of public data. The authors used a cross-section analysis that limits the disclosure of potential PMO moderation capacity.
This paper is based on a roundtable that took place on March 22 of the current year. The paper is a collection of ideas and reflections discussed at the roundtable.
From the methodological standpoint, this study adopted a qualitative approach and an empirical investigation of the Federal Public Institution's experience, based on a documentary research and participant observation. The data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the Administration Secretariat (SA), the General Secretariat, the Coordination of Strategic National Contracting and the Technical Group for Shared Purchases.
In order to better understand this phenomenon, this work analyzed the relationship between organizational performance and the pattern of strategic business decisions formalized in the company's strategic planning (SP) from 2006 to 2014, aiming to understand the social mechanisms that contribute to this process. The analysis adopts a sociological base. Data were collected through a case study of a Brazilian heavy construction company.
The theoretical basis of the study was built from the articles published in one of the main journals of corporate reputation, the Corporate Reputation Review, and from other papers quoted in those articles, thus providing a significant set of relevant and current studies on the topic of interest. From there, the authors have examined the relationship between corporate reputation and organizational performance and evaluated the features of national and international corporate reputation ratings, in face of the scientific production related to the subject.
To do so, a survey method was used. The data were collected through an online questionnaire, which was distributed to a sample of 1,000 workers in Brazil. The questionnaire consisted of eight perspectives: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial.
Based on a literature collection, two constructs were chosen usually mentioned as influencers of this decision or intention to leave the organization, which were "job satisfaction" and "organizational commitment" (Tett and Meyer, 1993; Gaertner, 1999; Mobley, 1992; Griffeth, 2000; Du et al., 2006; Lee and Mowday, 1987; Yucel, 2012; Baotham, 2010). The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire from the employees of Technology of Information and Communication (TIC) Institute, located in Northeast of Brazil.
As a viewpoint paper, it reviews a selective bibliography in order to support its arguments. It analyzes how this cohort judges themselves, analyzes their potential, capabilities, and attitudes, and suggests an alternative theoretical approach to focus on them and presents some paths to future research.
In order to validate this scale and to measure the reliability of the indicators of the research instrument, the judge Q-sort procedure was adopted and the technique of data analysis, in a qualitative way, was used. In addition, a review of the literature was carried out in the period 2010-2015, from which it is possible to highlight the importance of the triple bottom line of sustainability as a view of organizations for decision making in general.
A crowd assessment safety risk model (the design, information, management-ingress, circulation, egress (DIM-ICE) risk model) was developed from the analysis of past disasters and their fundamental causes. In response to these issues, the DIM- ICE risk model was used to compare operational situations during so-called "normal" and "emergency" conditions for each phase and aspect of proceedings to fully scope out crowd dynamics at an event.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on micro-mobility at tourism destinations. The authors use a mixed methods approach, including a literature review, semi-structured interviews and a questionnaire survey.
This paper is based on a set of observations made in The Netherlands. The observations are based on interviews with key actors in tourism destination development and governance, as well as a literature review. The authors draw on a combination of qualitative and quantitative data sources.
The authors analyze the impact of these new means of production on the attractiveness of destinations, and second, how original content platforms contribute to influencing the choice of tourist destinations.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on climate change, eco-anxiety and the flight shaming movement in Sweden.
This paper is a conceptual paper based on a literature review of SFT and the literature on the slow movement, slow food tourism and climate change.
The authors used mobile interviews (during the IBE 2019 event in Heerlen) of two of the leading voices in the field of urban arts events to gain an insider's perspective on the potential of urban culture for the tourism industry, policy making and other affiliated sectors. By linking creative placemaking to a global youth culture, they made sense of societal trends and developments and opened up new avenues for development.
A qualitative research design was used. Data were collected through in-depth, semi-structured interviews with eight experts in the tourism industry. The data were analysed using thematic analysis.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on wellness tourism and the space-out moment. A conceptual framework is proposed to explain the emerging trend of wellness tourism.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of solo tourism and the development of the concept of "loner living" as a lifestyle trend.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on big data and analytics in the tourism and hospitality industry and the need for ethical data governance frameworks.
First, the authors look into the severity of the current demographic trends in developed countries, then they highlight the three solutions to the problem, concluding with how service automation will likely be the best solution but leave behind some serious externalities that policymakers will have to contend with. Then, they link the automation solution to pragmatic issues that managers in travel, tourism and hospitality will need to take into account when incorporating automation into their enterprises.
The paper is based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of travel agencies (TAs) and global distribution systems (GDSs) in the travel industry. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis.
For this study, two components of territorial capital, namely, information and communication technology (ICT) development and terrestrial/marine protection, were considered. Terrestrial and marine protection was included for its role in travel decision making and facilitation. The model also examines how territorial capital affects demand- and supply-side tourism specialisation and sustainability.
This paper is a look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. One particular encounter in Grand Teton National Park serves as its primary inspiration.
This paper is based on a literature review of the literature on BI in the tourism industry. The literature review was conducted using the following search terms: BI, BI system, BI in tourism and Porter's five forces model, Porter's BI model, BI for tourism and BI for business.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on tourism and community development. It is a conceptual paper that draws on the literature in the areas of health and wellbeing, community development and tourism. The paper draws on a number of case studies of communities in the Caribbean and the USA.
A survey was conducted to collect data on visitor perceptions of the importance-performance analysis (IPA) attributes of marine wildlife tourism (MWT) experiences in Western Australia. The data were analysed using SPSS and AMOS statistical software.
This paper is based on an extensive review of the literature on pandemics and global health emergencies. It also draws on the experiences of the 2019-nCoV outbreak in Wuhan, China.
The study involves netnography methodologies in order to explore tourists' representations of the Arctic in Rovaniemi, at the specific moment of crossing the Arctic Circle. In order to report these experiences, the study presents how the Arctic has been portrayed on Instagram posts.
The paper is based on a case study of a workshop on sustainable small-scale business development and demography in South Greenland, which took place as part of a research project on tourism development in the Arctic region. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews, participant observation and document analysis.
The study is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with representatives of the tourism industry, the regional government and the local municipalities in Yllas. The interview data were analyzed using a thematic analysis.
The paper is based on a case study of Katuaq, a cultural centre in Nuuk, Greenland, which is the largest and longest established cultural centre of the whole of Greenland. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with the centre's management staff, as well as a focus group discussion with tourists and local residents.
This paper is based on a case study of the Sourtoe Cocktail in Dawson City, Yukon Territory, Canada, which is located at the periphery of the Yukon, and on a larger scale, of Canada. Data were collected through interviews, observations, and archival research.
The authors use a case study approach to examine the ramification of the Second World War on the Canadian North and the American North. The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. They also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated into Canadian commemorative processes.
The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the existing and potential ski destinations in Arctic Finland and Sweden.
This paper is based on a literature review of current trends in polar expedition cruise tourism and citizen science, as well as an analysis of the role of citizen science in the tourism industry.
This paper presents a scenario in which the UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. The proposed idea presents a scheme inwhich the UK could encourage regional tourism (inclusive to domestic and international travellers) through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme.
This paper combines elements of both futures and design thinking approaches to develop a conceptual framework focused on the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and by using stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. The framework is based on a review of the literature on ICT and tourism.
A mixed methods approach of qualitative and quantitative survey methods was used to answer the two research questions. In-depth qualitative indications and quantitative results were generated, which show, on the one hand, a desire for price-related information, but also the potential to create the potential for a mobile application for visitor guidance.
This study uses cross-impact analysis (CIA) as one of the most applied quantitative methods at a national scale. A well-known variant of CIA method proposed by Duperrin and Godet (1973) and Godets (2000) is MICMAC, which has been successfully applied in many fields. This study aimed to analyze Iran's tourism system by considering the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the experience economy and the authors' experience of working in the sector. The authors have also conducted a number of in-depth interviews with key players in the industry.
An initial discussion of existing technological mediation perspectives acts as a theoretical framework to begin the debate. Thereafter, three future directions are identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation in experiential tourism.
A qualitative research design was used to explore the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z travellers. Data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews with 13 participants aged between 15 and 24 years.
A qualitative case study approach was used to gain deeper insight into the motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participated in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. The Qinghai-Tibet Highway was chosen, as this is a popular mountain biking route. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with ten Chinese millennial mountain bikers who had participated in mountain biking trips over the Qinghai and Tibet highways.
This paper explores a framework by way of a student fieldtrip as a medium of expression for situated learning, involving a case study of tourism students learning critical tourism through sensual and haptic dimensions of reflection. It documents a module entitled "Critical perspectives on tourism" at Karlshochschule International University in Germany in which a particular component was conducted as a fieldtrip in Corfu, Greece. Included as part of this fieldtrip was participation at the "5th Corfu Symposium on Marketing and Managing Places" as delegates, organized by the Institute of Place Management at Metropolitan University of Manchester. The students experienced by participating in an international tourism conference, stayed on a yacht, went on various tours, met with tourism industry representatives and reflected on their experiences in a collaborative photo story book.
This study builds on two reflections. The first is the key role of food in the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development" (United Nations, 2015). The second reflection relates to two trends identified by Yeoman and McMahon-Beatte (2016). They concern the future of food tourism: food tourism as political capital and a visionary state. On the basis of these reflections, this study poses the question: How will the food tourism experiences of the future contribute to the alleviation and subsequent eradication of hunger and malnutrition? It develops a futuristic scenario about the role of tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the UN. The main source of inspiration for the development of the futuristic scenario is a factual company located in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, Norway. Its adoption of elements of entrepreneurship is analysed.
The authors conducted a series of in-depth, semi-structured interviews with Airbnb hosts and guests in the USA and the UK to explore Airbnb's ability to create memorable lodging experiences.
The paper applies the framework of the structured experience (SE), the model of staging recreational encounters (Ellis and Rossman, 2008) and the experienscape concept as a theoretical framework for analysing the ULF's structure, and the television format scheme to discuss its formatting potential.
A case study approach is used to demonstrate how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish while also allowing for a sustainable approach to portfolio development.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed to the youth in Accra, the capital city of Ghana. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM).
This study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 hotel customers in India. Data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
This viewpoint paper is the result of a so-called "Inspiration journey" organized by STIRR. During this journey, an interdisciplinary group of experts from the Netherlands, consisting of tourism entrepreneurs, nature protectors, government representatives and scientists, visited the Austrian Alps where many local initiatives and innovative ideas were presented. By presenting these lessons from practice the authors hope to inspire planners and policy-makers elsewhere in the world to improve the attempts for innovation in sustainable tourism in the future.
Based on the literature review, a conceptual framework has been developed based on the technology acceptance model (TAM) for SM usage for outbound leisure travel. The proposed framework is empirically tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) approach.
This study used the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's satisfaction towards hoteling industry in Malaysia. The data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire which was distributed to Generation Y (Gen Y) in the hotel industry in Peninsular Malaysia. A total of 545 usable responses were collected and analyzed using SPSS 20.0.
In this paper, the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting are reviewed. Several examples where a method has outperformed the others are provided and it is tried to show that no single method can universally be preferred over the others. For this purpose, the most commonly used methods in the literature are reviewed and their latest developments are chosen. These methods range from less computationally expensive ones such as regression models to more sophisticated approaches such as artificial neural networks (ANN) and support vector machines (SVM).
Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning, signposts from the past (Robertson and Yeoman, 2014), to make predictions on potential future states.
This is a conceptual paper that explores the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacking" research through a critical lens, deconstructing backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new conceptual foundation for the future.
The authors perform a critical turning point analysis of airline distribution, drawing on the methodology proposed by Yeoman and McMahon-Beattie (2017). The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues of the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018 that cover the topic of distribution. The authors enrich the chronological account with articles from other journals. In doing so, they recognise that a full coverage of the field of distribution is almost impossible by reviewing only one single journal source.
The reminder of this paper presents a structured review of the past development of the global tourism sector, followed by the analysis of those current trends that are most likely to influence development in the long run. Conclusions offer some stimula to reflect about tourism possible future role as a model for sustainable and inclusive growth.
This paper is based on a literature review and a qualitative study of the tourism industry in Haiti. The research was carried out in three stages. First, the authors conducted a series of semi-structured interviews with key stakeholders in the tourism sector. Second, they conducted a focus group discussion with the key stakeholders of the industry. Third, they collected and analysed the results of a questionnaire survey. Finally, they used a thematic analysis to analyse the data.
This study uses the evolutionary paradigm to identify the critical innovations and movements in the evolution of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China. This study uses a qualitative research approach, which involves the collection of primary and secondary sources and the analysis of secondary sources.
This paper is based on a review of the available literature on cruise tourism in Iran, and the author's personal experience of working in the Iranian cruise industry.
A comprehensive quarterly panel data set for these three variables comprising 3,555 observations for a cross-section of 45 countries and a time span ranging from 1994Q1 to 2013Q3 is employed (the list of the 45 countries can be found in Section 4 of this study). These additional countries from the rest of Europe and from all other world regions have been included in the present study to embed tourism demand for the EU-15 in an encompassing global tourism demand model.
This paper examines the correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the system are also discussed.
The metaphor of fitness landscapes is used to develop an enhanced understanding of how theories can be used to leverage on enhancing the adaptive capacity of tourism areas. Fitness landscapes are used in this paper primarily as a metaphor, being "vehicles for the transfer of concepts, notions and ideas from one domain to another" (Chettar, 2006, p. 74).
This paper is a personal reflection of how one academic teaches the future of tourism. Dr Ian Yeoman is an Associate Professor of Tourism Futures at the Victoria University of Wellington; this is his story of teaching and learning based upon the following principles: a student-centred approach to learning rather than teacher focussed; the role of authentic learning in simulating a real-work environment; problem-based learning in which the student negotiates his/her own learning, sets boundaries and negotiates problems and resolves issues; and the use of problem-structuring methods to visualise learning.
The paper is based on an online unpublished empirical survey conducted on a sample of 200 Italian web users between the end of 2016 and the first months of 2017.
A survey was administered to a sample of 1,000 millennial respondents in the USA. The data were analyzed using exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and cluster analysis.
A total of 423 youngsters answered a survey on values and the meaning they attribute to travelling based on validated scales. An integrated multidimensional research strategy has been applied where models that reduce the gathered data to fewer components (principal component analyses) were followed by a cluster analysis.
The paper is based on a three-stage methodological approach. First, it presents the theoretical framework used to analyze both the links between Millennials and tourism and the connection between them and the sharing economy. Second, it introduces the case study of Seoul with the "Sharing City, Seoul" (SCS) project, which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses. Third, the paper presents the "sharing organizations" (SOs) with tourism vocation selected within the city project, and sets out the main findings. Finally, it discusses the results.
The paper is based on a literature review and a survey of hostel owners, managers and staff of Portuguese hostels.
The paper is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected by means of semi-structured interviews with 20 young people aged between 18 and 25 years old. The data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis method.
Data were collected through an online survey of 1,000 young consumers in three different countries. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
Drawing from the literature on smart tourism, the gamification and of experiences, the characteristics and needs of Millennials and Generation Z, and their engagement with gamified augmented reality (AR) applications, the authors have built a theory, presented as a conceptual framework, that explains geocaching as a community of practice, in order to explain the activities associated with the practice.
A review of urban tourism literature is followed by a discussion of trends and implications regarding immigration to cities. VFR travel is then discussed as a conceptual framework that helps identify links between resident, guest and community with implications for tourism marketing and business development, immigrant integration and communal cultural development. Finally, the implications of future immigration patterns, consumption of travel and family demographics are considered regarding the ongoing importance of VFR for urban communities in the decades to come.
To deal with these questions, official statistical data as well as market data from online market portals are combined with an analysis based on a geo-information system (GIS). As a result, it should be possible to identify concentration processes among overnight visitors and the potential concomitant conflicts with other interest groups.
A photo-elicitation study was conducted in Bruges (Belgium). The data were collected by means of a series of semi-structured interviews with residents of the Golden Triangle (Bruges' historical center). The interviewees were asked to take photos of themselves and tourists, and the photos were then used as the data collection instrument. The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method.
The conceptual model is based upon desk research and expert interviews in various European cities and a literature review. A case study in Hamburg is used as a working structure to assess possible fields of conflict.
Drawing on the notion of Seeing Like a City, the authors focus on how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts that result from tourism in order to manage them. Drawing on a case study in Berlin the authors analyse if and how conflicts resulting from tourism are constructed as a destination management problem, respectively, as a problem of urban development. The authors ask how this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as city and destination.
The paper is based on an empirical validation of key categories (editorial products as output, workshops as generative process) within city.people.light by means of a dedicated grounded theory project designed to empirically review its communication assets (books) and generative practices as structured process.
The author is a US national and a European who also happens to be a trained political scientist, putting him in a unique position in which he can put the changes of Europe and the USA into some sort of meaningful political perspective. The author uses his experience as a political scientist to provide a political perspective on the changes that are taking place.
This paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the tourism industry in the USA.
In this study, foresight has been applied to sustainable tourism development in Europe by means of expert consultation. The driving forces of change and the key uncertainties are explored, and based on the outcomes scenarios are developed. The scenarios are connected to the DNA framework of business identity, which results in concrete strategic propositions concerning sustainable development for four different types of businesses.
This paper uses a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas in the Dutch Wadden. This perspective is used to examine past and contemporary planning, policies and processes, which have typically seen nature and human activities as being functionally distinct entities.
This paper uses a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what might be the future of tourism and porn.
This paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' personal experience in the lodging industry.
Taking an historical perspective, this paper maps out ten turning points in the evolution of RM. This paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on Alonso's (2010) and Hobsbawm's (1995) premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the topic of digital amnesia and its implications for tourism.
The paper is based on a literature review and case studies from a number of countries. The key concept that needs to be defined for this investigation is the idea of "ideology". The authors delve into how political theorists delineate and isolate the various political ideologies that currently exist. Here, the authors investigate the major political ideologies and look at how they view the role of tourism. The authors then explore how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries.
This paper is based on the results of a series of semi-structured interviews with tourism industry experts from the UK, Scotland and the rest of Europe.
This is a review paper where literature of the topic, legislation and strategic documents are used to characterize the systemic transformation and its impact on the tourism economy. It also includes comparative analysis.
The paper is based on a literature review and analysis of the EU accession agreements and their impact on the development of democracy and order in the EU. The paper also looks at examples of Croatia, Greece and Israel.
The paper is based on data from a survey of tourism professionals on the island of Cyprus. The data were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire that was sent to tourism professionals in the north and the south of the island.
This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning at Victoria University of Wellington. The motivation for the paper comes out of students wanting clearer examples and direction of how Yeoman has adapted the methodology for teaching and why. This is his personal story.
The research was conducted as part of a master's degree at the IESEG School of Management (Lille and Paris, France) with a view to helping Keroul address the issue. To better understand the situation and detect issues - issues that are highly likely to be encountered in and outside of Quebec - a number of tourist accommodation managers in the Quebec tourism industry were consulted.
This study is a first attempt to examine whether the UNWTO Tourism Confidence Index (TCI) helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The focus is on the intra-year development of international tourism demand, worldwide and in world regions. The index is used in combination with statistical forecasts, to test if sentiment brings benefits in forecast accuracy. If any, contributions brought by the index are measured in terms of accuracy gains and assessed in alternative scenarios, including one of the hardest crises the tourism sector ever experienced.
In October 2015, 12 hoteliers, hotel investors and representatives from travel and destination management organizations from the Amsterdam area participated in discussions on the future of networked hospitality businesses. In view of the explosive growth of the phenomenon since 2007, a time horizon of five years was chosen. The first workshop was organized as a structured discussion in which input was captured with Spilter moderation software. Participants exchanged views on the main changes, future threats and opportunities for hotels and for tourism in the light of the growth of Airbnb. Subsequently, these views and opinions were classified for their expected impact and uncertainty. Simultaneously, a digital Delphi panel was organized with a wider geographical spread and with a total of 31 participants. The main conclusions of the first workshop were used to formulate five questions on the evolution of P2P accommodation to address some of the issues that had become less elaborated in the first discussion. The combined results of both panels allowed the researchers to identify, along with a number of trends and developments
- The paper illustrates past, present and future approaches to, as well as options for, tourist tracking. Movement patterns of tourists in the destination of Lake Constance have so far remained unknown. For our purpose, the goal of tracking tourists is to visualize movement patterns in an interdisciplinary approach straddling tourism and computer science.
The MEDRA project was a research project, realised from 2008 to 2009. It was co-funded, following a competitive evaluation of proposals, by the Central Finance and Contracts Unit (CFCU), which was established by a Memorandum of Understanding between the EU Commission and the Turkish Government. The main issue addressed by the project was the lack of accessibility for people with disabilities in tourist activities and the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the Polarity Paradox and on the authors' own experience as a researcher in the field.
This study is based on a qualitative research approach. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted with the representatives of the specialized travel agencies. The second phase of the research was conducted by means of a focus group discussion with the members of the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies (TURSAB) in order to find out their opinions about accessible tourism.
This paper is based on a literature review of current laws in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) pertaining to the rights of people with disabilities (PwD) and the 5 star hotel industry in Dubai. It also draws on interviews with representatives from the Dubai Government, the emirate of Dubai, and the UAE's 5 star hotels.
This paper is based on a literature review of the key drivers shaping the future of food tourism. The paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food Tourism.
The paper provides a brief overview of the special issue and introduces the conceptual and research papers, viewpoints and trend papers in the issue.
The evolution of concepts defining disability has been conditioned mainly by socio-economic and legislative changes. This evolution is reflected in numerous models of disability (MD), for example, ethical, medical, social, biopsychosocial, geographical or economic models. Certain MDs illustrate how disability was perceived (in a given time, by a given social group) which influenced what action was undertaken and considered appropriate in terms of eliminating both the causes and effects of disability. Each MD was based on a different paradigm which also determined the action connected to accessibility to public spaces, buildings or tourism services for PwD.
The research is split into two parts: an analysis of the accessible tourism market value; and an examination of the reasons for and against major travel and leisure company involvement in theaccessible tourism market. This is accompanied with an assessment of the perceptions of managers in strategic positions of these organisations. Focus groups involving a variety of stakeholders in the accessible Tourism industry, such as disabled tourists, accommodation suppliers, tour operators, government and airline managers, were conducted.
This research utilised a mixed-methods approach, utilising semi-structured interviews and focus groups with key tourism industry stakeholders in New Zealand. Interviews were conducted with a range of stakeholders from the tourism industry, government and non-government organisations.
The methodology used in this paper is based on a case study approach. The case study was conducted in Thessaloniki, Greece, in order to identify the main barriers to accessibility of monuments and to develop a methodology to overcome these barriers. The methodology was developed based on an extensive literature review and a series of semi-structured interviews with experts in the field of accessibility.
This paper describes the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009 and from the public investments programme of the Hellenic Republic (50 per cent). The project was realized by the cooperation of the Aristotle University of Thesaloniki (project promoter) and the 9th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities.
The paper is based on an extensive literature review and the authors' own experience in the field of tourism for people with disabilities.
A questionnaire was used to collect data from a sample of university students. The data were analysed by means of structural equation modelling (SEM).
The first part of the paper concerns a literature study. This is done to identify factors that are related to negative legacy which need to be avoided and factors that contribute to a positive legacy. The second part elaborates on the "Dutch Approach" (see De Groot et al., 2012) to the planning of MSEs. The Dutch Approach is explained with a reference to the process of preparing a bid for the 2028 Olympic Games. By doing so, a unique insight is provided into the process and emerging issues that relate to generating apositive legacy. Finally, the insights presented in this paper are combined to formulate a set of propositions concerning the future planning of mega sport events and their contributions to tourism.
This research was commissioned by the McGuiness Institute (www.mcguinessinstiute.org), a Wellington based non-partisan think tank which conducts future studies and contributes to strategic foresight. Through evidence based research and policy analysis, it aims to inform tourism policy by providing alternative pathways to the New Zealand Tourism Framework. Drawing upon earlier research published by the Institute about New Zealand's environmental and sustainable futures, questions were raised about the countries environmental credentials.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature on space tourism and a psychometric analysis of the potential economic and social impacts of space tourism.
This paper is based on a literature review of ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future.
- This paper is based on a literature review of the past, present and future of food tourism and food festivals.
This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations.
- The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs. This project differs from previous scenario projects in that the industry itself now was the lead of the project instead of external consultants and consultants. The main companies and other stakeholders in the industry contributed to the development of the industry's own perception of drivers and potential scenarios to ensure relevance to strategic and policy decisions of firms, authorities, and investors.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on New Zealand's 100% Pure New Zealand campaign and its impact on the country's environment. It is also based on the results of a survey of New Zealand tourists conducted in 2008.
- This interview is prepared by an independent writer who adds his/her own impartial comments and places the articles in context.
- The paper is based on a literature review and a case study of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI) scenario planning research group.
- The paper is based on a series of interviews with senior tourism industry leaders from across the New Zealand tourism industry. The interviews were conducted using a combination of open, semi-structured and closed questions.
- The paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' own experience in the tourism and hospitality industry.
- This paper explores the development of social media platforms facilitating guest reviews and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems. Second, the advancements in technology are investigated. Third, the existing and future use of such technology by the hotel consumer, the hotel industry and conventional rating bodies is outlined, resulting in a prediction of what hotel rating will look like in 2024.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on cyborg games, wearable technologies, artificial intelligence (AI) and artificial intelligence. It is a conceptual paper.
A series of recommendations were given by speakers at the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference that can be summarized as follows: a demand-driven development development with an eye for trends as well as lifestyle convergence, ever increasing customer expectations, niches and small and specialized events; embedding major events and events in carefully planned long-term promotion campaigns aimed at refocusing or improving the image of the destination; seizing investment opportunities in attractions and hotels based on market intelligence and an understanding of life cycles; and finding and implementing investment opportunities based on intelligence and understanding of market cycles.
The authors test these hypotheses by assessing the perceptions of top managers of HEIs in Brazil regarding the dynamics of the relationships between the organizations and their stakeholders and the value that these relationships provide. The data were collected through an online survey and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS).
This study maps 55 studies on the relationship between CSR and FP using the data from 1998 to 2017. Country characteristics, forms and dimensions of CSR, CSR measurements and FP measurements are used to explain the complexity of the relationship.
This study used a qualitative case study approach. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with key informants from the Royal Malaysian Custom (RMC) in Malaysia. The interview data were analysed using the grounded theory approach.
The proposed impairment loss allowance model of PSAK 71 is based on expected credit loss (ECL) model. The proposed model was tested using a sample of Indonesian banks' impairment loss allowances for the period from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018.
This study uses a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a sample of 1,000 Malaysian households. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM).
Data were collected from a cross-sectional survey of employees working in service industries in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) approach.
The data were collected from the top 100 companies listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSE) for the period of 2010-2012. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) technique.
This study applies the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique (Zaltman's metaphor) to explore the place brand image of Danang, the livable city of Vietnam, in the minds of students. The sample of this study is drawn from the students of a university in Danang.
In order to take into account the possible heterogeneity of household saving propensities, the authors applied quantile regression as an alternative for ordinary least squares (OLS) regression.
This study uses a panel data set of Indonesian listed companies for the period from 2000 to 2014. The sample consists of 1,812 firms from the Indonesian Stock Exchange (ISE) 500 index. The data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach.
Using an event study approach, the authors investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch.
Data were collected from the annual reports of selected Sri Lankan quoted entities for the period of 2011-2016. The data were analysed using the regression analysis method.
This study uses a time-series approach to examine the efficiency evolution of the GEM over the period of 1999-2016. This study also uses a long-term memory approach to estimate the long memory in return and volatility of the stock market efficiency.
A vector error-correction model (VECM) based Granger causality test was employed to analyze the relationship; the F- and t-tests are carried out to gauge the joint significance levels of causality between the electricity consumption and GDP. The sensitivity of the long-run estimates is verified by employing three alternative estimators. The ARDL bounds test approach is employed to assess the robustness of the results.
This paper applies Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese A- and B-share markets for a comparative discussion. In particular, the authors adopt Bikhchandani and Sharma's (2000) hypotheses and test whether investors herd on fundamentals or non-fundamentals by using leading stocks' data in the USA and the UK. In addition, this paper additionally examines herding during unique Chinese financial situations, such as A-share Crash.
The authors use a panel correlated common effect model to examine the fiscal sustainability in the Asia-Pacific region in the long-run. The authors use the panel data from the World Development Indicators (WDI) for the period 2000-2017.
The study employs the efficient dynamic dynamic panel data generalized method of moment (GMM) estimation techniques to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies.
This research is based on a qualitative research design. The data were collected through a case study in the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) industry in Indonesia. The sample of this research is composed of the buyers of new products in the Indonesian FMCG industry. The research method used in this study is qualitative research. In this research, the data collection method used is semi-structured interviews.
After a quick historical introduction on the ABM, this paper presents four ways of implementing an agent-based framework to describe economic systems. Modelling a complex phenomenon is a means of knowledge implying that the epistemic function of the modelling task can vary to some degree from disciplinary context to another. This paper shows that the different uses of ABM for describing economic systems refer to different ways of thinking the role of the modeling task.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among ecotourists in Vietnam's national parks. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
This study analyzes the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks that may happen.
The analysis of impacts of the MP on the RX in Vietnam is based on two models. The first model analyses impacts of money aggregate shocks on the exchange rate (RX), and the second model analyses the reaction of the RX to interest rate shocks. The recursive restriction method is applied in the first model to quantify effects of the broad money M2 on the REER, and the (zero) contemporaneous restrictions and sign restrictions are applied to quantify the effects of OMO interest rate on the interest rate. The paper uses Vector Autoregression to build up two specific models.
The study uses the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) data for a large-scale sample of EMs for the period from 2000 to 2014. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to test the proposed hypotheses.
Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire from a convenience sample of hotel employees in Vietnam. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
To capture dividend policy, both dummy and continuous variables are used. Specifically, dividend paying status, dividend yield and dividend payout ratio are used as independent variables. In addition, other factors that may affect the earnings quality including earnings quality of the previous year, firm performance, growth, firm size, firm age and financial leverage are also controlled. In this paper, the annual firm-specific absolute value of residuals from Dechow and Dichev's (2002) model and from DeChow andDichev (2002), as modified by McNichols's ( 2002) model are two measures of earnings quality.
In this paper, risk is incorporated into risk measurement by DDF and SEMSFA under two frameworks of parametric (Stochastic Frontier Analysis (SFA)) and semi-parametric estimation of stochastic frontier models (SEMSFA).
This study uses a two-stage least squares (2SLS) approach to examine the effect of the GST pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index.
Data were collected from 125 companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) during the period of 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) approach.
The study used a panel data approach to analyze the determinants of FDI in Ghana. The data were collected from the Ghana Stock Exchange (GSE) and the World Bank's database for the period 2000-2009. The study used the generalized method of moments (GMM) method to estimate the model. The GMM method was used to determine the relative importance of the factors affecting FDI.
The authors use a panel data set of Pakistani firms for the period of 1995-2014. The authors estimate the asymmetric targeting of cash holdings using the generalized method of moments (GMM). The authors also estimate the adjustment rate of cash to the optimal level of cash in the presence of high and low cash regimes.
Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 employees working in Vietnam. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
Econometric analysis using Granger non-causality test, Johansen cointegration test and unit root test is used to examine the long-run sustainability of India's CAD.
The ARDL approach proposed by Pesaran et al. (2001) is used to examine the long-run and short-run effect of support price on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL-ECM approach. The order of integration of the study variables is tested by employing ADF and PP unit root tests. The ARDL bounds testing approach to cointegration is adopted at 1 and 5 percent of significance levels.
The study uses panel data for 22 insurance companies operating in Jordan, where the technical efficiency and factor that appear to affect its efficiency were estimated by utilizing data envelopment analysis (DEA), slacks-based and logit models.
A survey was conducted to collect data from Vietnamese consumers. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed model and hypotheses.
The paper is based on a systematic review of the literature on the role of designers in innovation and design management. The literature review was carried out by analysing the preferred methodology in the papers belonging to five perspectives, and the ontology, essence, metaphysics, and metaphysics delineated.
The current paper employs a fixed-effects framework to estimate the effects of HRM practices on firm outcomes using a panel sample of Vietnamese small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) data.
By applying Conditional Mixed Process (CMP) method, this study examines the simultaneous relationship among ownership concentration, innovation and firm performance of the SMEs in Vietnam from 2011 to 2015.
The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the nonlinear effects of fiscal policy on national saving. The authors use a panel data set of 11 emerging Asian economies for the period 1997-2014.
This research uses ARDL model to study the effects of public investment on Vietnam's economic growth and private investment in both short and long terms during the period of 1990-2016.
The study is based on survey data collected from a sample of 1,000 firms in Slovenia. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
The authors first examine the impacts of fiscal policy on economic growth through the modified model of endogenous growth theory by incorporating government expenditure and controlling other common drivers of economic growth including capital, labor, financial development, technology, and economic openness (trade and capital flows). Then, the institutional factors including government effectiveness, regulatory quality, and control of corruption are incorporated, respectively, to test the impact of institutions on the economic growth. Next, the authors use the interaction terms between government expenditures and institutions to examine the effectiveness of Fiscal Policy under the associations of institutional framework. The authors then estimate the growth model with the explanatory variables including both external debt level to GNI and its square to examined the non-linear relationship between external debt and economic growth and divide the data into two sub-samples (the low indebted countries and high indebted countries).
The study uses pooled cross-sectional data related to multiple industries for an investigation of how independent directors impact firm's CSR disclosure, in both environmental and social aspects. The sample consists of 1,000 Japanese and US large companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) over the period of 2010-2014.
The authors use a new hand-collected data set of the derivatives use of 881 non-financial firms from 8 East Asian countries for the period from 2003-2013. The authors use panel data regression analysis to examine the link between derivatives use and exposures.
The authors apply Bharath et al.'s (2009) techniques to investigate how information asymmetry affects the new debt issuances of Chinese listed firms in the years 2005 to 2007 NTS Reform transition period. The authors apply a rigorous measure of information asymmetric based on microstructure models.
The authors follow the work of Dorofeenko et al. (2008) and model time-varying uncertainty as a mean-preserving spread in the distribution of the technology shocks affecting capital production and explore how changes in uncertainty affect equilibrium characteristics and economic performance. This setting is useful for three reasons: first, the impact of uncertainty on investment via the lending channel is fairly transparent so that economic intuition is enhanced. Second, the equilibrium condition of investment is the major source of changes in US macroeconomic variables' volatility. Third, the authors compare the US and the Euro area for the analysis as these two economies exhibit similar business cycle patterns but are quite different in financial structures.
The staggered implementation of debt relief for 36 countries over more than a decade creates a panel of treated countries that allows the authors to identify the effects of debt reduction controlling for country and year fixed effects. The authors apply a time-shifted difference-in-differences estimation strategy to account for different decision points and completion points as well as different duration between decision and completion.
The paper is based on a critical analysis of the literature on econophysics and J.S. Mill's notion of emergence. In order to understand Mill's concept of emergence, the paper uses the following methodological approach: first, the authors analyze the different methodological points of econophysicists and economists and then the authors compare them to Mill's idea of emergence and to the notion of duality of knowledge.
This study is based on an extensive review of Islamic finance (IF) literature and Islamic jurisprudence (Islamic law) texts. The normative parameters of reward and risk in IF are identified through an analysis of hadith texts. These parameters are then used to develop a theoretical framework for IF.
This paper proposes a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economics. The proposed system is based on three dimensions of justice: equity, justice and transparency. The first dimension of equity is measured in terms of the fair distribution of wealth. The second dimension of justice is measured by the fair exchange rate of currency. The third dimension of transparency is measured through the fair value of the currency. This paper proposes that the fair currency should be equalised to the real value of a currency.
The study uses a quantitative approach and uses a survey questionnaire to collect the data from a sample of 300 respondents in Pakistan. Structural equation modeling is used to analyze the data.
This paper is based on a survey of MSMEs in the logistics industry in Malaysia. The survey was conducted using a structured questionnaire. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling.
For this purpose, a questionnaire was developed and distributed among key players in the industry who are involved in Shari'ah governance, including the board of directors (BOD), Shari'sah committee (SC) members and senior managers. The respondents were to evaluate the impact of SGF-2010 in addressing and resolving the current challenges of Shari'tah governance in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry. The research later compared the findings based on the findings of the questionnaire survey with the requirements in the revised SGF 2017 (SGF-2017) and the updated SGF 2019 (SGPD-2019). The paired-sample t-test on the items in the questionnaire, which was intended to measure the degree of the change prior to and after the implementation of the framework, was also conducted.
This study is based on a case study method. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews conducted with seven officers from both Shari'ah and internal audit departments and two SC members of selected Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia. These officers were selected based on their in-depth knowledge regarding current practices of internal control in IFIs.
The financial ratio analysis (FRA) method was used to evaluate the performance of Qatari's IBs and CBs from 2015 to 2019. The banks were assessed in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality. A student's t-test was also used to assess the significance of the crisis.
This paper provides a systematic literature review on factors affecting takaful demand from articles published from January 2009 to June 2019. Content analysis was performed to segment the literature into four main segments, namely, research area, research data, research method and factors affecting demand. This paper also identifies gaps in previous research.
A questionnaire survey was conducted on 16 Islamic banks (IBs) in Malaysia in the practice of tawarruq financing. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to the top managers of each of the 16 IBs in Malaysia. The respondents were asked to indicate the number of SNC events they had experienced in the past six months.
This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on the area of internal and external audit from Shari'ah and conventional perspectives. The conceptual framework on factors that impact on the effectiveness of internal ShARI'ah audit in IBs is then discussed in detail.
The study uses a sample of 1,665 stocks from the Malaysian equity market over a period of five years (2011-2017) and employs a fixed-effect panel regression analysis to examine the effectiveness of 10 technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns on buy recommendations (1,665 for Shari'ah-compliant and 400 for conventional stocks).
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM).
This study begins by gauging entrepreneurs' general understanding and acceptance of crowdfunding by conducting a survey in the Klang Valley area and analyzing the data based on the theory of reasoned action (TRA). This is followed by a presentation of the survey analysis, measuring the entrepreneurs' intention to use crowdfunding in Malaysia through structural equation modelling (SEM). Subsequently, the conceptual framework of SEC for Malaysia is discussed.
This study introduces a conceptual framework for P-TIF by applying the TIF method within a Shari`ah-compliant structure. A benchmark model is established with the benefit of stochastic modelling. This model offers a participation-based contract between the lender and the borrower in a given tax increment district (TID). In return for a reduced interest rate (which is reduced to zero in the model), the interest rate paid by the borrower is reduced from the base rate to zero.
The study adopts a doctrinal approach by analysing the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking. It further explores the cohabitation and overlap that occurs with conventional banking regulations.
The paper adopts a theoretical approach based on the classical waqf jurisprudential discourse. It uses the concept of awqaf (pl. of waqaf) as a juristic analogy to develop a conceptual framework of the basic principles of the awqf doctrines. The framework is then used as a basis for the development of a set of awkaf doctrines.
A detailed review of the existing literature is undertaken to identify salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices, and case studies of Iran, Sudan and Pakistan are presented to highlight the experiences of regulators from three Muslim-majority countries, which aimed to achieve full compliance with Shari'sah principles related to Islamic finance.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on IC in the context of non-profit organisations (NPOs) and waqf institutions, as well as on the experiences of other NPOs.
The paper is based on a review of the current practice of the Syariah Court in Singapore whereby the residual net estate goes to the bayt al-mal instead of returning to the fard (Qur`anic fixed-share) heir(s) or dhawu al-arham (outer family members) in the absence of the 'asabah (agnatic residuary heir by blood). This practice has created uneasiness among female legal heirs, spouses, some converts and the community at large. The paper focusses on the current challenges facing the family of deceased Muslims who follow the Shafi'i or Hanafi schools of jurisprudence.
This study analyzed the total, systematic, idiosyncratic, fund-specific and downside risk exposures of both Islamic and conventional mutual funds to see which kind of fund has higher risk exposures. The risk exposures were analyzed by using the generalized least squares method.
This study focuses on the stand taken by bodies of collective ijtihad (juristic interpretation) with regard to the resolutions of SAC-BNM where parameters of maslahah were considered, and second, to highlight the maslaha parameters to understand the recognized parameters. After that, theMaslahah-based resolutions were examined through these parameters to determine the level of compliance with the parameters.
This study uses the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) and bounds testing approaches to decompose Islamic banks' financing into profit and loss sharing (PLS) financing (mudarabah [profit-sharing contract] and musharakah [PLS contract]) and non-profit and loss-sharing (non-PLS] financing (the rest of Islamic banks's financings such as murabahah, ijarah and istisna') and investigate the relationship between Islamic banking and industrial production.
The paper is organized as follows. Firstly, the matter of methodology, its definition, importance and problems will be discussed. This will be followed by a short excursion into the current methodology of Islamic economics and finance. Second, the paper presents the idea of integrated knowledge as promoted by the International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT). This is followed by the exposition of the proposed multidisciplinary methodology that is based on the concept of collective ijtihad.
This study covers the Malaysian REIT industry comprising both conventional and Islamic REITs and focuses on identifying the relationship between return, dividend yield and macroeconomic variables. The analysis is run separately for conventional and Shari'ah-compliant REIT's.
Data were collected using a structured questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 respondents in Kampala, Uganda. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
This paper is based on the understanding that the root cause of social inequalities is actually the negative externality of poverty of consciousness. Two important examples are elaborated - first, dealing with the conscious responsibility of businesses and second, the conscious design of financial contracts. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of negative externality is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive externalities of businesses.
The study adopted a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with experts from the CBN's Financial Regulation Advisory Council of Experts (FRACE) in Nigeria.
This study uses a panel data approach to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms listed on the Saudi Stock Exchange (SSE) during the period 2009-2016. The data were collected from the rating agencies' web sites.
The methodology adopted in this paper is based on case studies and literature review to identify the different components of impactful social finance ecosystems and to define an appropriate approach to build them in a way that enhances their effectiveness. The first part of the paper aims at defining the concept of "social finance ecosystems" and the way "an Islamic social finance ecosystem" should be. Then, the paper presents the different forms that social welfare initiators can take and the ways their initiatives should be coordinated. It also discusses the different instruments that Islamic social Finance can provide and how it can collaborate with Shari'ah-compliant commercial financial institutions.
This paper is based on a review of the existing literature on Islamic accounting and Islamic succession. It also reviews the existing Islamic accounting literature on business succession from an Islamic accounting perspective.
The IMSPM is developed by harmonizing and constructing an integrated maqasid al-Shari'ah-based performance measure (IMSPM) based on scholarly works. Following this, the benchmark is used to analyze the performance of the sampled 11 IBs.
Data were collected from the annual reports of all IBs listed in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries for the period 2010-2016. The data were analyzed using a panel data regression model.
This paper is based on the case study of Bait-un-Nasr Urban Cooperative Credit Society Limited (BuN), which is one of the oldest interest-free microfinance institutions (IFMFIs) operating in India. The case study includes a detailed analysis of the practices and operations of BuN, its performance in terms of its growth and sustainability aspects, and the operational and Shari'ah issues. It also compares the performance of the institution against that of Indian micro-finance industry standards and benchmarks.
The study was conducted using an empirical qualitative research method, using interviews as the instrument for data collection. The collection of the data was a combination of face-to-face interviews and telephone interviews with Nigerians in Malaysia and Nigeria, respectively. Semi-structured interviews were used to collect data. This method allows the interviewer to change the order of the questions if the need arises and probe far beyond the responses offered to the prepared questions.
A questionnaire survey was administered via face-to-face interviews between December 2016 and February 2017 to 385 SME owner-managers operating in Muscat, Oman's capital city. The Kruskal-Wallis one-way ANOVA non-parametric test was used to analyse the survey data.
This study uses a sample of Islamic and conventional banks in MENA that have detailed information in the Orbis Bank Focus dataset, which is the most comprehensive database of commercial banks in the MENA region. Regression analysis is used to test the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of these banks. The robustness check is also used to check the robustness of the findings.
The sample of 23 countries was divided into 2 groups. In Group X, 11 developed capitalist OECD countries pursued IBMP, while in Group Y, 12 developed capitalist countries followed IFMP. Misery index (MI) is used as a measure of economic performance and for testing the relative economic performance of Groups X and Y by using t-test at the 5 per cent level of significance.
The proposed models for unit trust waqf are based on an extensive literature review. The proposed models were developed through a combination of literature review and expert opinion. The models were then validated through a series of expert interviews.
This paper critically investigates the factors that affect liquidity risk management of Islamic banks and then develops an alternative regulatory framework appropriate for their liquidity management in particular. The specific risk profile of an Islamic bank requires developing a new and more efficient regulatory framework. The regulatory framework should mitigate risks and concurrently protect the interests of investment account holders. In this context, this paper differentiates between small local banks and internationally active Islamic banks.
Based on the existing literature and other sources of information such as zakat institutions' websites and publications, and six different semi-structured interviews with z Zakat officers in Klang Valley, Malaysia, this paper presents the key elements of HRM that exist within Islamic organizations including recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development and compensation.
In this paper, rent-seeking behaviour as a concept and theory as well as the dynamics of rentier economies (Held and Ulrichsen, 2012) are presented in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and in the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular.
This paper is based on a review of the extant literature on the issue of form and substance over form in Islamic finance and Islamic law.
This paper uses content analysis to examine the application of maslahah in Islamic financial transactions in Malaysia, particularly in respect of bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`.
This study is based on a literature review and interviews with experts in the field of Islamic venture capital (IVC).
The paper uses content analysis to gather primary data and identify and interpret relevant secondary data and Shari'ah (Islamic law) concepts to develop a liquidity management solution based on the UGIT model that is consistent with Basel III regulatory requirements. The secondary sources of data include books, journal articles, industry reports, websites of some investment trusts and policy papers on the related research topic. The exploratory research was complemented by a case study to examine the UgIT solution for the particular case of renewable energy.
The study adopted a quantitative approach to validate the proposed IHF model. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey that was distributed to a random sample of Islamic commercial bank (ICB) members in Malaysia. The data were analysed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software.
This study uses a quantitative approach to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the Islamic financial services industry (IFSI). The methodology is based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative approaches. The quantitative approach involves the development of a database of Islamic banks' ratings of their ShARI'ah compliance. The qualitative approach involves a case study of the Islamic banking industry in Malaysia.
The data were collected from the annual reports of CBs and IBs of the State Bank of Pakistan for the period 2011-2016. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, regression analysis and ANOVA.
This research is based on a literature review and case studies of the relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay' wa salaf in their execution.
The proposed model is based on the cooperative-waqf model, which is a combination of a cooperative structure and a waqf trust. The model is proposed to develop idle waqaf lands in Malaysia. The proposed model consists of three main components: the establishment of the cooperative, the development of the land by the cooperative members, and the creation of a trust to manage the land.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from women micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The study employed the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) approach to examine the relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue for the period 1996-2014.
This is a conceptual paper that is based on the exegesis of the Qur`an and Sunnah in respect of the tawhidi (monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge) methodological worldview of Islamic economics. The paper is a critical analysis of the current state of the Islamic economic discipline.
The paper starts with a definition of the concept of financial inclusion and describes its different levels from the conventional finance perspective. Then, it presents the different profiles of customers interested in Shari'ah-compliant financial products and defines the levels of financialclusion from the Islamic financial perspective. Based on the elements above, the paper presents a methodology to define the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion.
The paper is divided into several sections including the introduction. The second section explains why predatory publishing is on the rise. The next three sections briefly list the key features of predatory operations and examine the impact of predation on the content and characteristics of Islamic economics and finance research. The section that follows highlights the bifurcation that arose between Islamic finance and Islamic economics. The paper carries the discussion forward to elaborate the consequences for research methods used in the discipline, especially with econometric modeling. It then explains what injury predation has inflicted on the development of Islamic finance. The final section summarizes the discussion and suggests measures to get rid of the malady.
Semi-structured interviews were conducted with a range of experts from various backgrounds and the data were analyzed using thematic analysis. The interviewees were selected using a purposive sampling technique.
The paper is divided into three main segments. The first explains the origin of Islamic corporate governance, particularly focusing on the institution of hisbah (market surveillance) in the formulation of modern Islamic corporate Governance. The second discusses the Islamic jurisprudential concept of ikhtilaf al-fuqaha` (differences of opinions among Shari'ah scholars) from the context of centralisation of the Islamic Corporate Governance system. The third explains the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of Islamic Corporate governance.
This study adopts a qualitative approach to explore the potential of salam-based crowdfunding as a mode of financing the agricultural sector in Afghanistan. Relevant literature on salam and crowdfunding has been reviewed; The Bank of Khartoum's practice of sal am transactions has been examined, and Islamic finance experts have been interviewed on the subject.
The research methodology adopted in this paper is based on a case study of KOPSYA's practice of MM. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the company's employees. The interviews were transcribed and analysed using thematic analysis.
The research is based on an on-line survey questionnaire and semi-structured interviews. The questionnaire was sent to a random sample of 1,000 randomly selected respondents from the population of Mauritius, and the responses were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on Shari'ah issues related to sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct in general and American Finance House LARIBA's use of this format in particular.
This paper adopts the content analysis approach to examine the evolution of the SGF in Malaysia. It also describes the dynamic development of regulation and guidelines on Shari'ah governance, which has progressed in line with the latest requirements and expectations of SGF.
This study is based on a literature review and a questionnaire survey of Islamic banks and customers involved in AHPs in Malaysia.
The data were collected from the Stock Exchanges of Iran and Iraq. The data were analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) method.
- Starting with certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories, it is found that Islamic finance, when applied according to Al-Jarhi's (1981) paradigm, would have distinct advantages. In addition, it provides a justifiable prescription for reforming the contemporary market economy.
This paper is based on the analysis of the annual reports of four Islamic banks in Palestine. The annual reports were analyzed to identify their CSR practices. In addition, semi-structured interviews with bank practitioners were conducted to find out their perspectives on CSR.
This paper unpacks the conceptual meaning of the term daman al-milkiyyah and discusses its relevance in the context of contemporary applications in Islamic banking and finance. The central argument of this paper is that the source of any legitimate and profitable economic activity rests with the concept of damanal-milKIyyah (ownership risk).
The study adopts a quantitative approach, using a questionnaire survey to collect data from takaful or re-takaful operators or insurers operating in the Malaysian market.
This paper reviews the literature on preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives. It finds that in IFRS-based financial reporting, preference shares can be classified as a liability, equity or hybrid instrument. When preference shares are classified as equity, the principle pertaining to musharakah is observed. When they are categorized as debt/liability instruments, the ShARI'ah ruling pertaining to debt is analyzed. This paper finds that there are different types of preference shares having different and unique features. Thus, it is not accurate to simply generalize all types of preferred shares as either equity or loan without analysing the specific features embedded in each type.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on the reporting of intangible assets in the context of Islamic finance. The study adopts a qualitative approach to explore the reporting dimensions of intangible asset in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the relevant Shari'ah requirements.
Based on the fundamental Shari'ah ruling on rahn (pledge), this paper develops a framework for the use of non-compliant assets as rahn in Islamic banking products.
The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature on contra trading in Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. It also reviews the relevant laws in Malaysia and the USA.
This research uses a critical Shari'ah appraisal approach to examine the case for and against the imposition of GST on tabarru'-based takaful products in Malaysia.
The research adopted a case study approach to examine the impact of IFSA 2013 on the takaful industry in Malaysia. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the top executives of the insurance industry in the country. The respondents were selected based on their experience in the takatful industry. The questionnaire was sent to the top managers in the insurance sector.
This paper is composed of three parts. The first part shows that QHAs are universal structures for informal saving and financing services. It also reviews different types of ROSCAs and the motivation for joining them. The second part discusses the optimum size of Q HAs and factors that affect it. The final part discusses compatibility of QHA financial contracts with Shari'ah standards. The study concludes with recommendations for the development of informal interest-free savings and credit associations in both Muslim and non-Muslim countries.
This paper explains the Shari'ah screening criteria of stocks in general, with a special focus on the newly developed ISRA-Bloomberg Shari 'ah screening methodology. In addition, it discusses in detail the cleansing methodology proposed by ISra-Bloomberg for the income generated from stocks. In doing so, Shari'sah justifications and rationale of the methodology are also discussed, and comparison of its methodology with other criteria is furnished wherever needed.
This study critically reviews the global Islamic banking practices and compares them with those of Turkey. The Turkish Islamic banking sector is also compared with the conventional banking sector by using a large number of efficiency and profitability measures.
To illustrate the present discussion, a case study of purging based on a numerical example has been included in the last section of the paper. The argument has also been supported with empirical data related to the universe of Shari'ah-compliant stocks listed on Indian stock exchanges.
The paper is based on a review of the available literature on the topic of microfinance and cash waqf. It discusses how the charitable institution of waqaf (endowment) can be used to develop a sustainable model to promote entrepreneurship among refugees in refugee camps and urban areas.
This paper proposes a new Shari'ah risk rating model for Islamic banks. The proposed model includes 14 factors that can be used to determine the degree of Shari'sah compliance of an Islamic bank. The weights assigned in the model were based on personal judgments, and these were correct.
The paper is based on a review of the existing literature on takaful annuities in Malaysia as well as some research outputs on the feasibility of the proposed product. It also draws on previous practices and input from industry players and research findings on the annuity market.
This paper is an exploratory study. It examines the nature of micro-takaful as a tool of financial inclusion and examines how zakah and waqf can be harnessed to provide social security and uplift the economic conditions of underserved communities in Malaysia. The Shari'ah issues related to the use of zakAH and waQf as part of the micro- takaful model are also examined.
This paper adopts a theoretical study on the prohibition of bay'wa salaf and its link to the qard policy relating to Malaysian Islamic banking deposit products. The paper adopted the opinion of those who permitted organised tawarruq. The research was based on a review of the Shari'ah rulings on the combination of a sale and a loan in one transaction.
In this study, the authors have used the fuzzy DANP technique to analyze the data collected from a sample of Iranian entrepreneurs and their organizations. The data were analyzed using the fuzzy structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
Data were collected from the micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia using a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The authors collected data from 443 new ventures in the computer software and information technology industries between 2000 and 2014 and analyzed the human capital of board members in these ventures. The authors used logistic regression to test the hypotheses.
This study is built upon the predictions of both the catering theory of dividends and dividend decision, and contributes to the somewhat sparse empirical literature towards understanding the implications of investor sentiment by examining the moderating role played by the entrenchment of managers and corporate governance mechanism, using a sample of large quoted firms in the Tunisia stock exchange. In fact, the research makes a further check to see which manager's entrenchments moderate dividend payout and investor sentiment.
The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey in Upper Sindh, Pakistan. The respondents for this study were young people (15-32 years) as they account for more than 50% of the population of Pakistan. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 24.
The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and regression analysis.
The study was conducted in the restaurant industry of Pakistan. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the customers of restaurants in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. A total of 300 questionnaires were distributed to the restaurant customers. The responses were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected from a sample of 300 university undergraduates from various disciplines in Nigeria. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from EIMW students in technical colleges in Lagos State, a south-west region in Nigeria using the theory of planned behaviour (TPB). Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data collected.
The authors use data from a novel intervention, the Technology Entrepreneurship Programme (TEP), which is aimed at imbibing proactiveness, innovativeness, creativity and risk-taking among engineering students. The authors use structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
This study uses the data of 77 countries from female entrepreneurship index (FEI) 2015 report developed by global entrepreneurship and development institute (GEDI). The FEI has been used as a proxy of women entrepreneurship (WE), and human development index (HDI) has been use as aproxy of economic development. Along this main objective, the study also intended to measure the impact of globalization which is directly measured through globalization index (GI) and gender inequality index (GII) which is indirectly measured through GII.
The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 entrepreneurial small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
A survey was conducted in the three Southeast Asian cities, namely, Manila, Jakarta and Singapore. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed to Airbnb hosts in each of the three cities. A total of 1,000 valid questionnaires were collected and analyzed using Hayes' Process Macro and mediation analysis.
This study used a quantitative survey method to collect the data. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
The data were collected from the employees working in the manufacturing sector of Iran. The sample of this study consists of 1,000 employees of manufacturing companies. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM).
The study employed a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from a random sample of 1,000 undergraduate students at the University of Cape Coast, Ghana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
A questionnaire was used to collect the data from Asnaf Millennials from rural areas in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The study was conducted in the entrepreneurial hub of India, Bangalore, using a cross-sectional survey design. The sample was divided into two groups - vocational and academic students - and the data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The data were collected from a sample of 585 engineers working in various organizations in India. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
This study is based on a quantitative approach. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was distributed to a sample of 300 SMEs in Yemen. The responses were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The study uses the global entrepreneurship monitor (GEM) model using a sample of 390 youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The conceptual model has been developed based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB) and the social capital theory (SCCT). The model is tested using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 1,000 women entrepreneurs in India.
A survey was conducted to collect data. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
Using an international sample (Tunisia and France) extracted from the Worldscope database for the period 2005-2014, the authors perform Fama-MacBeth regressions as well as GMM to test the hypotheses about the role of life cycle stages on the firms' leverage.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of restaurant owners/managers in Ghana. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the students of a private university in India. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0 software. The sample size of the study was 1,000 and the responses were collected from the respondents who are students of the University of Pune.
Data were collected from salespeople working in Vietnamese firms. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
The data were collected from the customers of three private and three public sector banks in Brazil. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The present study used the structural equation modeling (SEM) approach to evaluate the impact of components such as external technology acquisition, external technology exploitation, and culture of innovation on open innovation and then examined the amount of impact of open innovation on organizational performance. The statistical population of the study included all the companies operating in STPs in the city of Yazd in Iran and they received 109 questionnaires.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was sent to 1,000 small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Japan. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from a sample of low-income households in Peninsular Malaysia. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) approach.
This study was carried out with the help of a questionnaire survey. The questionnaire was distributed to the women entrepreneurs in the area of technology acceptance and use behaviour and women's entrepreneurship motivation factors (WEM). The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a random sample of 300 business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to analyse the data.
Data were collected from 121 registered private schools in different cities of Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of MSMEs operating in Ghana. The data were analysed using partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS) technique.
A questionnaire was used to collect the data from Muslim consumers in Islamic hub in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the Tibetan entrepreneurs residing in the vicinity of the state considered for the research. A total of 1,194 questionnaires were distributed among the respondents. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 21.
This paper uses the threshold regression approach to investigate the relationship between Google keywords and the number of firms and an amount of capital in Vietnam.
Based on the previous studies on SMEs producing Indonesian special food in East Java, it is necessary to comprehensively examine the factors determining the performance of SMEs in entrepreneurial orientation in Batu Batu. Therefore, a questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data from the SMEs. The sample size for this study was 1,000, and the data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM).
Data were collected from a sample of rural farmer- entrepreneurs in India. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the top managers of Pakistani cellular companies. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) technique.
Data were collected from a sample of 300 respondents using a structured questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to analyze the data.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of micro-enterprises in Kelantan, Malaysia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the research hypotheses.
The study adopted a two-step approach. First, a literature review was conducted to develop a conceptual model of IEO in the S-ENT context. Second, a questionnaire was developed and administered to a sample of students and faculty members of a private university in India. The data were analysed using exploratory factor analysis and confirmatory factor analyses.
In this study, the impact of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior was examined by a comprehensive literature review. The data were collected from the employees of joint stock companies registered in Chamber of Commerce of the People's Republic of China. A questionnaire was used to collect the data. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was employed to test the research hypotheses.
Data were collected from a sample of 300 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) operating in the manufacturing sector of Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
This paper organizes, integrates and evaluates previously published works in a comprehensive literature review to devise strategic approaches for increasing corporate entrepreneurial behavior and identify the relationship between the strategies and a corporation's internal innovation performance.
The research presented herein uses an exploratory case study approach to examine a comparative view of leading Accelerator companies in the USA and Korea based on resource-based perspective. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with the top executives of Accelerators in Korea and the USA.
Fuzzy analytic hierarchical process (AHP) technique has been applied in this study to determine the rank of the factors of innovation capability (IC) in the MSME sector. To ensure the robustness of the findings, sensitivity analysis has been performed.
This study uses a qualitative research approach to explore the nature of crowdfunding in China. The authors conducted in-depth interviews with key stakeholders in the crowdfunding industry in China, including crowdfunding platform operators, crowdfunding platform founders, investors, regulators and entrepreneurs.
In this research, the authors tested the potential of the LCM framework to interpret the environmental analysis in terms of economic-financial consequences at company and SC level. The joint use of LCA and LCC has made it possible to combine the estimation of environmental impact with industrial cost (producer perspective), including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective).
Data were collected from the participants of the World Korean Business Convention (WKBC) held in Seoul, South Korea, in 2015. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) to examine the relationships among the variables.
The data of 306 is collected through empirical and personal survey questionnaires from the female students of business schools of Pakistani Universities. Partial Least Square-Structural Equation Modelling (PLS-SEM) in Smart PLS 3 Version 2.6 is used for analysis.
Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire that was distributed among low-income households in Kelantan, Malaysia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
The data were collected from a sample of 300 students of a private university in Pakistan. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
To accomplish the purpose of this study, the authors carried out a survey targeting nascent entrepreneurs and total early-stage entrepreneurs with less than seven years of experience. After performing reliability and validity analysis, they will test the hypothesis of the research model. The relationship among entrepreneurial orientation, entrepreneurship education, financial and nonfinancial business performance will be investigated through multivariate regression analysis.
This paper is based on literature review and case study of health-care supply chain in the USA. The framework is developed from provider's perspective.
The authors conducted a survey of Japanese spinoffs and non-spinoff entrepreneurs in the post-bubble period. The authors collected data from a sample of 1,000 Japanese entrepreneurs who founded their firms as spinoffs from large Japanese firms between 2000 and 2012.
This study uses data envelopment analysis (DEA) and other analytical methodologies to analyze the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in South Korea. The data were collected from NPOs' annual reports and financial statements.
This study is based on a case study of a nanotechnology company that has been developing its own brand identity for its nanotechnology products. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, the brand identity of the company was designed using the concept of Hermeneutics. The second phase of the research was based on the design of a new brand architecture for the company. The brand identity was designed by using a combination of both qualitative and quantitative research methods.
The current study employed two SFA models, namely, the consistent estimation of fixed-effects stochastic transformation frontier model (Chen et al., 2014) and the log transformation frontier models, to estimate the current state of factors that generate an impact upon the EC environment of ASEAN-05 countries. The data were collected from the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) database, which is one of the most widely used global entrepreneurship monitoring data sources.
Data were collected from micro-entrepreneurs in Peninsular Malaysia through a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach.
Data were collected from a sample of SMEs in Ghana using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
This study adopts a qualitative research approach. It uses a case study approach to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of SBEs and analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one.
Based on the academic literature review on a total of 45 related peer-reviewed papers, this paper analysed the current state and issues of the Japanese government VC policies regarding these research questions: RQ1.
The authors review the contributions and limitations of legitimacy from existing institutional theory in explaining social enterprises' behavior and compare it with locus of legitimacy. The authors provide a set of propositions and report a short case study on social enterprises from South Korea and Taiwan to show how loci of legitimacy explains resource acquisition strategies of social enterprises.
The study empirically analyzes the relationships of R&D capability and performance, and the variables essential for technology innovation by using the raw data of the "Report on Korean Innovation Survey 2010: Manufacturing Sector" released by the Science and Technology Policy Institute (STEPI). Measurement was made after performance variables were divided into patents, which are a form of direct performance and new product development, which is an indirect performance.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from SMEs in Ghana. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling technique.
This research analyzes a specific UIC program called as "Business Clinic Day" (BCD) and examines how the business network ecosystem has changed after the program and what factors make the transition. Based on this, the authors propose the new role of universities to enable business ecosystem.
The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of small enterprises (SMEs) in the garment industry in Bangladesh. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The sample size of the study was limited to 1,000 enterprises, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares (PLS) method.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the SMEs located in the Barangay Micro-Business Enterprises (BMBEs) in Samar Island, Philippines. The respondents were drawn from the population of the BMBEs. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software.
In this article, a principle for increased information security for IIoT-systems organized in wireless sensor networks was presented. Mechanisms from blockchains and distributed ledger technologies were derived and adopted to microcontrollers, with a small energy budget and low calculation capabilities. It was shown that principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus could be transferred. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false information to inject intruders into the process and gain control of the network.
This paper provides an overview of the concept of blockchain technology and its potential to change the world of banking through facilitating global money remittance, smart contracts, automated banking ledgers and digital assets. This study presents issues and countermeasures related to Korea's related fields through the case of application of blockchain-based finance in foreign countries and Korea.
The authors chose a blockchain platform called Multichain to build a P2P trading platform for household residents who want to buy and sell electric power. Household residents bid and ask with each other on the platform. The platform discloses buyer-sell price information to participants and supports the power trading through smart contracts. In other words, the basic operating process of the platform is designed to automate the transaction process. And approved transaction details are recorded and shared in a distributed ledger. The authors used a Python-based JsonRPC module called Savoir to implement the trading system.
Data were collected from 202 active female entrepreneurs in Japan. Structural equation modeling was used to test the hypothesized relationships.
The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange for the period from 2010 to 2013. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression and the fixed effect model.
Data were collected from a sample of South Korean Airbnb users. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
- This study is based on a case study of K Tire, the Korean company that, for the first time in the world, applied Radio-frequency identification (RFID) to manufacturing passenger vehicle tires in 2013. This study has its frame work rooted in corporate entrepreneurship and institutional entrepreneurship. As mentioned, qualitative research method was utilized.
A survey was conducted to collect the data from ICT majors in Busan area. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
This study is based on an exploratory study of innovative Korean IoT-SMEs that have secured the growth base by linking IoT attributes to their innovation paths. The data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with the top managers of the companies. The interview data were analyzed using the qualitative content analysis method.
An empirical study is performed to understand influential factors of IPTV service defection through the weblog analysis of 3,906 service users, who represented both service defectors and non-defectors. First of all, the two groups (i.e. those who defected vs those who stayed) are compared in terms of predictor variables, including switch barriers, voice of customer (VOC), membership period and degree of usage. Then, a curvilinear regression was applied to understand the association relationship between the level of IP television usage and variables of conversion barriers, VOC and membership period. Third, a logit regression was performed to predict customer churning through the variables of Conversion barriers, Voice of Customer (V OC), VOC, subscription period and level of use.
The data were collected from salespeople in China. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling to test the proposed hypotheses.
- Data were collected from a sample of consumers in the USA. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypotheses.
A survey was conducted to collect data from mobile banking consumers in the Philippines. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study is based on the theoretical framework of transaction cost economics (TCE) and makes a strong connection framework of distance-discretion-transaction costs.
Seven secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand were selected to participate in the study. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with principals, teachers, students, parents and staff in each of the seven schools. The interviews were transcribed and analyzed using a grounded theory approach.
In this study, the researchers attempted to find a way to measure nation image online real time, whereas the traditional way heavily depend on offline face-to-face surveys. The researchers made an attempt to measure image from the data that can be obtained in social media and compare them to image collected by traditional offline surveys. Among many social media service providers, the data from Wikipedia well satisfy the constraints for the purpose. Considering data from many different social media, Wikipedia is particularly well-fit for nation image.
To achieve the above objectives, users of golf ranges located in Seoul Metropolitan City and Gyeonggi-do province were surveyed through convenience sampling, and a total of 313 questionnaires were completed. Then, factor analysis, frequency analysis, reliability analysis, correlation analysis and multiple regression analysis were performed using the statistical program, SPSS 18.0, through which the following results were obtained: participation motivation, participation motivation sub-factors, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention.
The unit of analysis for the study is the agro-food processing firms in the state of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) in India. The study is based upon the exploratory study conducted to understand whether innovation competence can be instrumental in defining the firm level competitiveness. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey. The sample size of the study was selected based on the convenience sampling technique. The respondents were selected from the state-wise cluster of firms. The research was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a questionnaire survey was conducted and in the second phase, the data were analysed using the structural equation modelling (SEM).
This research is based on a quantitative research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The population of this research is young entrepreneurs of Penumbuhan Wirausaha Muda Pertanian (PWMP) 2016 program. The sample size of this study is 200 respondents. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) method.
Based on IMC theory, the research elaborates the mechanism and steps of MBNPO management innovation. The 5Rs of IMC point out the essential purpose of the MBN PO's origins and draw a feasible path for its establishment. Based on the research, four steps in establishment of MBnPO are clear: identifying the target group; providing services to meet the demand of stakeholders; designing appropriate communication tactics; and deploying proper organizational structure to accomplish efficient communication.
The authors analyze the public panel data from 469 listed SMEs in Shenzhen Stock Exchanges during the year from 2011 to 2013. The authors use a panel-data analysis to examine the relationship between female participation in TMT and SMEs' growth performance.
The study adopted a quantitative research design. A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from the IGP staff of the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP) in terms of the length of operations, number of staff and the average number of clients served. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS).
This paper is based on the social cognitive career theory (LCCT) and it is a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention (SEI). The model is developed based on a review of the literature related to intention formation.
A survey of 70 SME manufacturers in Korea was conducted to test the research hypotheses. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
This study is motivated by an article initially entitled "Too Asian? Some frosh don't want to study at an "Asian" University" that appeared in Maclean's magazine in 2010. The article claims that there is a growing number of white students who avoid particular universities because of the perception that they are "too Asian" and that there are an over-enrolment of Asian students. The reaction and response to the article from the public was negative, and several organized groups attempted a boycott of Mac Lean's magazine which never materialized. From comparative analysis of the data from structured questionnaires given to university students in Canada and Korea, a noticeable difference was revealed. The authors believe that this awareness gap can be explained by differences in their perception of consumer behavior.
Based on digital databases such as Google Scholar, Science Direct, Web of Science and ProQuest Central, the authors try to explore various determinants of RFID technology through quantitative meta-analysis to standardize and aggregate various types of statistical measurements (e.g. correlation coefficients, F-values, t-values and odd-ratios) from previous quantitative studies. The authors collect various type of statistical values derived from collected studies and convert them to Fisher's Z score and standardized correlation score under three dimensions, including organizational factors, technological factors and environmental factors. In a seemingly unrelated regression (SUR) model, they use these three dimensions as meta-dependent variables and explore how these meta- dependent variables vary depending on geographical regions, industry sectors, size of company and publication year.
The author estimates the firm size distribution as a mixture gamma distribution composed of small businesses and medium-sized and large enterprises. Using 8,230 number of firm data in the year of 2013, the author estimates mixture Gamma distribution for the firm's size.
The authors conducted an exploratory case study of two successful haitao sites of Amazon.cn and Gmarket.co.kr and analyzed their service innovation strategies and key success factors through a comparative case study. In this case study, the authors compared the activities of both companies using an adapted value chain model reflecting on the characteristics of cross-border e-commerce and their internal competences and strategies.
A 2 (price discount rate: high vs low) x 2 (quantity quantity: limited quantity vs limited quantity) between-subjects experimental design was used to test the hypotheses. In addition, the moderating effect of temporal distance on the relationship between discount rate and limited quantity was examined.
To this end, prospective researches of the NPD process are conducted using existing literature and preliminary references; second, comparative analysis between current processes and an N PD process is conducted; third, phase-based evaluations upon failed product cases are conducted so as to identify the abridged steps and root-causes of failures; finally, renewed priorities are set forth by utilizing the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) analysis and questionnaire analysis upon the above identified causes of failures.
The study is based on a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured, in-depth interviews with new and developing entrepreneurs who had been incubated in a business incubator. The data were analysed using a grounded theory approach.
Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 SMEs in South Korea. Structural equation modeling was used to test the proposed hypotheses.
Data were collected from a sample of large Korean companies. The authors used partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to test the proposed hypotheses.
The proposed method is based on feature matching of pavement images to obtain the precise vehicle position, velocity, acceleration and trajectory of the target vehicle. The proposed method uses a combination of the feature matching method and dead reckoning (DR) method to solve the localization problem.
In this paper, the lane-change path planning and control method for self-driving articulated trucks on highways is developed by using heuristic, virtual electric field and geometric methods. The path planning is carried out by using a heuristic approach and the tracking trajectory is determined by an intelligent decision-making process. In addition, a tracking controller that tracks the predefined trajectories accurately and guarantees stability according to the vehicles and traffic states should be developed to ensure improved lane-changing performance.
The QMBSG model is proposed by introducing the QMB theory to direct vehicle passing through the intersection. The general evaluation function (GEF) is proposed to measure the mobility, safety and environment of the proposed model. To verify the guidance effect of the model, a case study that has been performed using the model is described. The data of the simulation results are analyzed, and the impact of the intersection environment, communication range, penetration rate (PR), initial space headway and the block interval on guidance effect is explored.
In this paper, the authors propose a new dynamic bus control strategy based on real-time bus tracking data at stops. In the proposed model, the signal priority control and speed guidance are jointly implemented to improve the schedule adherence at each bus stop, considering the size of the upstream platoon and stop capacity constraint. In addition, the speed guidance is given to the bus based on the time delay at the intersection.
The authors used the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics. The data set was collected from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the USA, and the data were analyzed by using the partial least squares (PLS) approach.
In this study, the sampling rates of driving behavior data collected from the traffic loop detectors were varied from 0.2 to 10 Hz. The sampling rates were determined by applying the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem. The Nyquist criterion for sampling rates is twice the bandwidth of a band-limited or a channel-limited channel. Indicators were developed to quantify the extent of information loss.
This study conducted a driving simulation experiment to explore the fine classification of road traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions. The visibility conditions at straight segment have been divided into five levels, which are less than 20, 20-30, 35-60, 60-140 and more than 140 m. The road visibility conditions on the curved segment have were divided into four levels. In addition, the lane position characteristics are also used to explore drivers' lateral driving behaviors.
In this study, on-road DMS on the road and on-board HMI displays are two types of information transmission technologies for CV-VSL in fog area. The drivers' acceptance of these two technologies are analyzed from the psychological point of view. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
The WYDOT Pilot Deployment Program includes the following scopes: deploy about 75 roadside units (RSUs) with DSRC that are able to transmit advisories and alerts to equipped vehicles along I-80; develop several CV applications that will enable communication of alerts and advisories regarding various road conditions; and equip and operate a set of vehicles that are expected to be used by regular users of I- 80, with on-board units (OBU) with dedicated short-range communications (DSRC) connectivity. This paper summarizes the pre-deployment efforts and lessons learned from the Phase 2 pre- deployment effort.
This study used the wavelet transform feature extraction and BP (back propagation propagation) neural network algorithm to study the changes of human emotion, skin electricity, skin temperature, heart rate and respiratory rate in positive and negative emotions. The data were collected from female drivers' electrocardiograph (ECG) signal in anger, calm and calm states.
In this study, a vehicle control problem was modeled with regard to the fallback event of an automated vehicle under sensor failure. Moreover, adaptive model predictive control (MPC) is applied to the vehicle control in the fall back procedure. Based on the model model, predictions of the subsequent variations in the driving environment as well as constraints on collision avoidance were made. Furthermore, a controller was developed from the adaptive MPC algorithm. The virtual vehicle scheme was developed to assist the automated driving system (ADS).
In this study, groups of field driving experiments have been conducted to collect BSMs data under potential crash threats in real road traffic. In acquiring real-world driving situation, a more comprehensive dataset is built, which contains driver characteristics, vehicle status, potential crash obstacles, road traffic environment, weather condition and driver behavior. Thereafter, variable precision rough set is used to reveal the relationship among driving safety status, which includes driver/vehicle characteristics and road environment. Mutual information is applied to evaluate the factors that greatly influence the driving risk level. Finally, a novel similarity measurement is developed for addressing the assessment of driving safety in the classification of categorical field test data.
A steering assistance interface that relies on surface electromyography (sEMG) input from the biceps brachii muscles has been developed to produce rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation for low speed, nonemergency driving tasks. A driving simulator trial was conducted with a driving simulator that enabled drivers to perform turning maneuvers with the interface so that the resulting trajectories could be used to determine path-following accuracy. A comparison was conducted between the interface and the game steering wheel with respect to path- following accuracy.
In this paper, the design of the hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment is first put forward, and then the system framework of the system is designed. The system design method is based on system theory and system engineering methods combined with construction scenario modeling method. In addition, the system design methodology is applied to design the system structure.
The research focuses on the establishment and validation of the traffic density extraction model under the VANET environment. Using real-time data and historical data, the research adopts the OMNet++ communication simulator and the Veins framework, which is a two-way VANet simulation software. The data obtained from the communication simulation software are integrated with the traffic data from the traditional traffic environment, and the traffic parameters are extracted from the data.
In this paper, a statistics-based feature selection method for recognition of LC maneuver is proposed using naturalistic driving data from the time domain and the frequency domain. Totally 95 features are extracted as candidate features. The extracted features include original features collected from on-board sensors and compound features like longitudinal features like time-window features as well as time- window features. Finally, the classification performance is compared by using the final features in each LC scenario.
This study uses a driving simulator to investigate the influence of automated driving on the driver's own localization. The authors use a 2 x 2 factorial design with a 2x2 factorial between-subjects experimental design to test the proposed hypotheses.
The authors used the functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) device to measure cerebral cortex activities to identify a driver's braking intention. The experiment was carried out in a virtual reality environment. During the experiment, the driving simulator (DS) recorded the driving data and the NIRS device recorded the data of hemoglobin concentration in the cerebral cortex. The data were analyzed through principal component analysis (PCA) and back propagation neural network (BPNN).
A battery of experiments designed for driving data collection based on driving simulator data processing method and data analyzing approaches were conducted to analyze drivers' driving characteristics. In the end, all features were selected and extracted using the proposed method. The proposed method is based on AdaBoost and feature co-occurrence.
This paper proposes a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment. The proposed method is based on the concept of life-cycle management of dynamic objects and multi-hypothesis tracking framework to manage the life cycle of different objects, which is more difficult to achieve long-term stable tracking.
The whole control system consists of a stable trajectory planning level, a high-level model predictive control and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure. In the trajectory-planning level, vehicle dynamics is considered to ensure the viability of the generated reference path, and stability and boundaries are established. The MPC and KKT-based algorithm are adopted to guarantee the precision of dynamic tracking and resolve the nonlinear optimization problem in the non-linear optimization. The control-oriented model of A-IWM EV plan is described, and simulation results are displayed to verify the control performance and energy savings.
In this paper, the authors discuss three applications of intelligent computing in vehicular networks and their performance and effect is better. Based on the intelligent computing, multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and positioning enhancement have been improved.
Markov probabilistic decision-making of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow is modeled as a Markov process with a finite state machine (FSM) and a multivariate utility function. The FSM is used to model the behavior of the car and the utility function to select the most appropriate behavior for each situation. The utility function is then used to design the decision policies. The simulation study is carried out in a real-world highway with a random flow of traffic, and the simulation results are compared with those obtained by the FSM.
In this research, for the first time, the authors develop a cooperative cellular automata model (CCAM) based on the ICA model developed by Meng and Weng (2011). The authors introduce a collaborative component of CAVs to simulate the work zone traffic flow dynamics. The proposed CCAM is able to smooth the traffic flow in the presence of a work zone. The authors also demonstrate the performance indicators, including the average travel time, safety and vehicle emission under various penetration rates of CAV.
Accidentology is used to determine the primary crash scenarios. The scenario variables are selected based on the national crash databases and the TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data (NDD). To conduct the AEB performance testing, the surrogate bicyclist was designed and developed, which includes a bicycle rider and a bicycle. Its design matches the visual and radar characteristics of the real bicyclists in the USA. The size and clothing color of bicycle riders are determined based on general estimates system (GES)/FARS crash data and the NDD. Based on the analysis of the harmonized crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems.
This paper uses the occurrence of high-risk event, such as conflict, crash and injury, to evaluate safety of AV. Taking the typical cut-in scenarios as example, the critical variables of research scenarios are extracted, and the distributions of these variables are fitted. Based on importance sampling (IS) techniques, the scenarios with higher probability of occurrence of the high- risk events are reconstructed to test the AVs. The result of test is modified by the error correction parameter which is calibrated by the empirical data, so that the safety benefits of AVs in the real world can be revealed. Finally, based on the naturalistic driving data in Shanghai, the proposed method is validated by simulation.
Data were collected from postdoctoral scholars who participated in a university teaching certificate program over a three-year period. Participants completed an online survey that included questions about their perceptions of the program, the processes within the program and the short and long-term impacts of the certificate program.
The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). After entering of the property-specific input data, the tool calculates the baseline emissions as well as their likely development and setting them in relation to the specific pathways, so as to determine whether or when the property may face stranding. Additionally, various simulation possibilities like virtual retrofit decisions and their consequences on ecological performance are simulated.
The authors use a mixed-methods approach. First, the authors conduct an extensive literature review to identify the main sources of value effects. Second, they conduct an empirical analysis of the value effects of carbon-reducing retrofit actions in the European real estate market. Third, they estimate the magnitude of these value effects by applying a multivariate regression model.
A mixed-methods approach was used, including a literature review, focus groups and semi-structured interviews with key actors in the Australian property industry.
Adopting the real estate owners' perspective, the value-creation logic of on-site energy investment in the discounted cash flow analysis context is demonstrated with the help of a case study. This paper compares the presented value-influencing mechanism with the current valuation practice in the Finnish real estate market.
A set of four artificial neural networks (NNs) is created to provide a fast and reliable estimate of the energy consumption in buildings due to heating, daily hot water, cooling and electric equipment, depending on some specific buildings' characteristics, such as geometry, orientation, climate or technologies. The usefulness of the NNs developed is experimented on a pilot case study, where the networks facilitate the management of a huge amount of data and support the decision-making process. The portfolio analysed is constituted of 11 buildings and 18 retrofit options are suggested, leading to many possible retrofit scenarios. The research tests all possible combinations of retrofit interventions on the building portfolio and identifies the optimal configuration in terms of energy and monetary savings.
This paper reviews the academic literature and case studies of a selection of large-scale consortia projects conducted in Europe. The research sought to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property over time.
A quantile regression approach is used to quantify the dynamic effects of EPCs on house prices across the price spectrum as well as improving understanding of the contribution of energy performance certificates (EPCs) in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements.
This research focuses on the east coast of Australia, examining decisions of the courts and tribunals from Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria to ascertain their perspectives to climate change risk, and which party bears that risk. In its analysis, and subsequent discussion of the matters considered by that analysis, this paper considers the implications for valuers and extension financiers, owners, investors and occupiers.
The paper is based on the author's experience of working in the real estate investment industry for more than 20 years. The author has been involved in the development of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the UK real estate industry.
A questionnaire-based survey was conducted to collect data from the farmers in the Tungabhadra Project (TBP) area of Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India. The respondents were selected using stratified random sampling technique. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. The survey was conducted in Limpopo, a semi-arid region in South Africa, using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 smallholder farmers in the province. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis.
The study was conducted in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. Data were collected through focus group interviews, focus group discussions and a questionnaire survey. The data were analysed using the qualitative content analysis technique.
The authors conducted a large-scale field survey on the Loess Plateau in China to collect data on farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures. The data were analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach.
The authors use meta-analysis to evaluate the grassland ESV in China, and the relationship between grassland ecosystem service value and climate change. The authors use the method of meta-regression to control the differences of various factors, such as the characteristics of the research object, background and method, to obtain accurate transfer results, and also perform better practical applications.
This study analysed changing trends in ERIs using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator for the Mekong Delta over the period 1951-2014.
The long-term trend analysis and scenario simulation of the carbon price trend of the EUA price based on the Energy-Economic Regulation are conducted. This study uses the long-run trend analysis method and the scenario simulation method to predict the carbon market price trend.
The Global Livestock Environmental Assessment Model interactive (GLEAM-i) provides a flexible tool for undertaking GHG estimation from various livestock systems ex ante (FAO and New Zealand Agricultural Greenhouse Gas Research Centre, 2017a, 2017b) through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems.
The study uses a dynamic computable general equilibrium (CGE) model to examine the impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the CRGE strategy. The variation in productivity is derived using the Solow-Solow's sectoral accounting approach to link the CO2 emission and factor productivity at a baseline.
This study established the rainfall IDF curves based on historical rainfall data series in 44 years (1975-2018) for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula. The IDF curves have been designed for 0, 25, 50, 100 and 2 years return periods.
This paper established a two-stage multi-oligopoly enterprise production selection model by introducing a carbon tax policy and product differentiation theory. The changes in the output, social welfare and other indicators under the constraints of the industry's emission reduction targets and emission reduction policies were analyzed. The effects of product differentiation degree on the decline in output and emission intensity of each enterprise, as well as other economic factors, were also analyzed.
This paper uses visualization tools, such as CiteSpace and HistCite, to analyze the literature and carry out a comprehensive review of the historical evolution of carbon trading from multiple angles. The paper summarizes the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions (discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path).
In this study, the N deposition of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions, was measured in the form of the pulse along with precipitation (snow) and fog, causing changes in nitrogen (N) and other nutrient elements and forming sufficient nutrient supply in a short period. The growth history of the clonal plants was measured by the growth rate and the number of clones in each clonal group. The N deposition in the soil was measured with the help of the N-N-C-N (N-NC) model.
In this study, the impact of climate change on agriculture in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam was assessed by using the climate change model. The model is based on the climate data of Quangnam Province, Vietnam. The climate data were collected from the weather station of Quinh Nhieu, Vietnam, which is one of the most important weather observation stations in the country. The weather data were analyzed by the use of the computer-aided climate modeling (CAM) approach. In addition, the model was estimated by the application of the Monte Carlo simulation method.
In this work, the local singular behavior of the time-series is analyzed to test for the multifractality characteristics of these series, namely, carbon emissions and the IPI. In this context, the scaling exponents and the singularity spectrum are obtained to determine the origins of this multifractal behavior. When the frequency structures in the series are considered, the MF-DFA technique is applied for analyzing the relationship of the two data at different frequencies to achieve the aim of the study.
This study is based on the survey data from Zhangye, Gansu, PRC, which is one of the most important arid and semi-arid regions of Northwest China. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling technique.
For the purpose of this study, 11 Balkan countries are included in the analysis, which are Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia, Serbia and Montenegro. Logistics performance index (LPI) is used for benchmarking, as it allows a comparison across 160 countries included in most recent versions of LPI. This comparison allows countries to identify challenges and opportunities and improve their logistics performance. To analyze the differences between countries in terms of logistics, the logistics performance index was published by The World Bank in 2007, 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2016.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among the smallholder farmers in Adama District, Ethiopia. The data were collected through a structured questionnaire that was distributed among the farmers using a stratified random sampling method. The questionnaire was distributed to a total of 1,000 respondents. The responses were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling.
The study is based on a cross-sectional research design. The data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was distributed to a sample of 1,000 respondents in the selected cities of South Asia. The responses were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modelling (SEM) techniques.
The authors used the time-lag partial correlation analysis to study the response of vegetation coverage to air temperature and precipitation conditions on the Loess Plateau and found that air temperature exerted a stronger influence than precipitation. The authors also used the threshold method to extract phenological parameters of vegetation and to characterize the spatiotemporal dynamics of vegetation phenology.
A questionnaire survey was conducted in Lijiang, a rapidly changing community in Southwest China that shifted from an agro-economy to a tourism-based economy over the past three decades. The questionnaire was distributed to 1,000 randomly selected farmers, and the responses were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
This study develops three hypotheses on the impact of climate financial fragmentation on the environmental effects of China-initiated cooperation with emerging multilateral institutions. These hypotheses are empirically tested using structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis.
A systematic literature review was conducted on the determinant factors of CCA by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). The selected papers were reviewed using the systematic literature search method. The search was conducted using the following search terms: CCA, CCA determinants, socio-ecological factors, and socio-economic factors.
The study uses the hypothetical extraction method (HEM) under the Cella (1984) proposal, the MHEM, to decompose the net back and forward carbon linkages of the Indian economy. It also estimates the direct and indirect emissions from the use of different energy types and non-energy sources.
An integrated energy system optimization model (The Integrated Market allocation model [MARKAL]-Energy flow optimization model [EFOM] System [TIMES_BR_light]) was used to identify cost-effective solar power deployment levels for 2030 and 2040, according to selected scenarios regarding the greenhouse gas emissions reduction required by the Paris Agreement aims.
This study uses slacks-based measure directional distance function (SBM-DDF) and global Malmquist-Luenberge (GML) index to measure the carbon productivities of 29 manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai.
The study was conducted in two territories of the Caribbean Sea exposed to the risk of coastal flooding, namely, Guyana and Dominica. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire distributed to the inhabitants of the two territories. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This study uses a panel data set of OECD countries for the period 1990-2016. The authors use the panel data of the World Development Indicators (WDI) and the International Energy Agency's Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) to estimate the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and CO2 emissions in OECD countries. The panel data are analyzed using the generalized method of moments (GMM).
The authors use a panel data set of developing countries for the period from 1990 to 2014. The authors use the generalized method of moments (GMM) approach to estimate the short-run and long-run effects of natural disasters.
The time series data were taken from the world development indicators (WDI) to investigate an interrelationship between the variables. The augmented Dickey-Fuller (ADF) unit root test for the variable's stationarity and the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) bounds testing approach were used to check the association among the study variables.
The study was conducted in the Rakaposhi Valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, using a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and focus group discussions with the local people of the valley. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics and thematic analysis.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of rice farmers in Bac Lieu, Ha Tinh and Thai Binh provinces in Vietnam. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
Cointegration analysis was used to estimate the impacts of climate change on wheat production in Pakistan. The data were collected from the Pakistan Wheat Research Institute (PWEI) for the year 2011-2012. The study used a panel data set of wheat production for the period of 2010-2011, 2012-2013, 2013-2014 and 2014-2015.
This study uses a mixed-methods research design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey and semi-structured interviews with smallholder farmers in SSA. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling technique.
The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using quantitative and qualitative methods. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of the Buyangu community proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya. The questionnaire was administered in two phases. In the first phase, the respondents were asked to identify the sources of livelihoods and their dependence on forest resources, while in the second phase, they were asked about the impacts of a changing climate on their livelihoods.
The paper draws on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting community risk assessment (CRA) of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. The study used a mixed methods approach, using quantitative and qualitative methods.
A quantitative approach was adopted for this study. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 1,000 households in rural Cambodia. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data and identify the factors that influence households' adaptation decisions.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 households in Mbale municipality in Eastern Uganda using a self-administered questionnaire. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
Based on the existing literature, this paper first details the construction of a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness. To overcome evaluation subjectivity, this study uses the catastrophe progression method proposed by Chinese scholar Du Xingfu; this can sequence the importance of all indices. The weight of each index is then determined using the principal component analysis method, and the low- carbon competitiveness of 31 provinces in China is calculated. Combined with the improved diagnosis of the obstacle indicator model, this allows the authors to deeply understand the obstacles to certain provinces' low- Carbon competitiveness development. Furthermore, the authors use the spatial autocorrelation model to analyze the distribution of low-Carbon competitiveness.
Based on relevant theories, and constructs, this paper is based on a theoretical model of the relationship of aging, off-farm employment, social network, technology cognition and farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the data. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
The paper is based on a case study of the diffusion of drip irrigation in India. The authors use the concept of possibilism to analyze the causes of previous policy reform inaction and how the main actors were able to construct bargains for overcoming institutional stalemates over CSA in order to craft policy bargains which facilitate Pareto superior reforms.
Using three years panel data from 184 farm households in Haryana, India, together with focus groups discussions with farmers and interviews with key informants, this study investigates whether farmers learn from past experience (for farmers who continued CAW adoption over a period of three years) and from their neighbors (for those who were non-adopters until 2014-2015 wheat season and adopted in 2015-2016 after observing that their neighbors benefited by CAW in both bad and normal year) and why are farmers cautious about expanding the area under CAW even though it copes better with untimely excess rainfall and has a higher economic benefit compared to CTW.
A set of indicators was developed to assess the vulnerability of Can Tho city to climate change. The indicators were developed based on a literature review and interviews with experts from the city's Climate Change Coordination Office and the local government. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods.
The study used a mixed methods approach, using both quantitative and qualitative methods. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of smallholder maize farmers in three municipalities in the transitional ecological zone of Ghana. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, frequency distribution, mean and standard errors, and logistic regression.
In this study, the CO2 emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase were modeled using ANFIS, ANN and fuzzy time series models. The proposed models were used to predict the emission of CO2 from different sectors, regions and for various kinds of fuel, which proved the significant increase of emissions over time. Various conventional and non-conventional models were employed to represent the relationship between CO2 emissions, global temperature and other GHG emissions.
This study was conducted in the arid rangelands of Chenini community, located in Southern Tunisia, aiming at assessing the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management tools to cope with climate change and improve the resilience of community livelihoods.
The authors used ecological niche models (ENMs) to evaluate the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands. The authors applied the ENMs to a sample of 1,000 rangeland sites in Pakistan to assess the potential impact of climatic change on shrubs' establishment and distribution patterns. The models were used to estimate the probability of occurrence and distribution of shrub species in response to climate change.
A total of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan, were selected for the study. Genotypic, phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies were conducted for 12 traits of the 250 genotypes in two SODs. Genotypes were tested for their genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and genetic variations for their traits.
In this study, the authors used the historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. The authors used a questionnaire survey to collect data from the local communities in the coastal areas. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, frequency distribution analysis and frequency distribution function analysis (FWA).
The paper is based on a review of the literature on wheat production and breeding in SSA. The authors use a mixed methods approach to identify the main challenges and opportunities of wheat production in S SA.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey. The survey was administered to a random sample of 1,000 farmers in North West province of South Africa. The data were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistics.
This study adopted a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with members of a Zimbabwean rural community. The interview data were analysed using thematic analysis.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected from a sample of 1,000 pastoralists living in arid and semi-arid regions of Kenya using a questionnaire survey. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate analysis of variance.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey among pastoralists in Rwenzori region, Western Uganda. The research question was "Do pastoralists use indigenous forecasts (IFs) and/or scientific forecasts (SFs) in their adaptation to climate change?" The research model was tested using structural equation modelling (SEM).
The Newhall simulation model was used with monthly monthly weather data on atmospheric precipitation and average air temperature to estimate soil moisture regimes in Mexico for the period 1980-2016. The model was estimated using the monthly number of humid and dry days. The Newhall model is considered a meso-scale model and although it is valid only for well-drained soils, it is considered that in most cases it provides a reasonable approximation to average soil moisture.
The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) was used to analyze the spatial-temporal variations of vegetation in the Yellow River basin and the interannual variation of the NDVI over the period 1982-2012. Moreover, the correlation between NDVI and precipitation change was analyzed by using the Mann-Whitney U-test.
This paper presents a conceptual proposal for the rational use of the abundant solar irradiation resources of the semi-arid climates of the world for their sustained socioeconomic development. The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of photovoltaic (PV) energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil.
The study is based on a cross-sectional survey conducted in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. The data were collected from a sample of 1,000 farm households in the study area using a questionnaire survey. Data were analyzed using the partial least squares (PLS) approach.
This paper is based on a literature review and a case study of China's national and regional legislation to address climate change.
A qualitative case study was conducted in the Muga River basin (Girona, Spain). The data were collected through semi-structured interviews with owners and managers of accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) operating in the area.
The study used a cross-sectional survey of 1,000 farm households in Zambia's Eastern province. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariate regression analysis.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected using a questionnaire that was distributed to a random sample of 1,000 households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling.
The authors propose a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of the global carbon budget (GCB), which is discussed and defined below. The authors apply it to the aggregate effect of the national contributions (NDCs) that countries should prepare every five years.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted among sorghum farmers in the Dodoma and Singida regions of Tanzania. Descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis were used to analyze the data.
The study was conducted in Semien Shewa Zone of Ethiopia. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted on a sample of 1,000 farmers in the study area. The survey was conducted at the level of individual crops, i.e. millet, maize, sorghum and sorghums. The respondents were asked to indicate the type of crop switching decisions they had made and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influenced their decision to switch crops.
The analysis is grounded in the case of Nepal, which can be considered to be an archetypical LDC with problems associated with internal socio-ethnic cleavages, weak government, political conflict and uncertainty, severe organizational resource constraints and, of course, widespread poverty. The analysis is based on over 100 in-depth structured qualitative interviews with government personnel from across different organizational chains as well as detailed surveys of three representative communities.
The study adopted a qualitative research design. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 30 respondents from the rural community of Ga-Dikgale in Limpopo Province, South Africa. The data were analysed using thematic analysis.
The logarithmic mean Divisia index (LMDI) method is used to decompose the factors affecting carbon emissions at the multi-regional level, which was verified by Ang et al. (2009). By using the LMDI method, carbon emission factors were decomposed into energy intensity, per capita GDP, energy consumption and population, and the impact of these factors on carbon emissions in Beijing were explored. The Markov prediction model has been used to predict the energy structure, as well as carbon emissions, which came up with a method to calculate the Markov transfer matrix, which is verified by the statistical data of energy consumption in a region.
The study uses data from Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics (BBS) for the period of 1980-2015. The study uses a panel data regression model to estimate the impact of climate change on crop production, net farm incomes and farmland values.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from 1,000 smallholder farming households in the northern region of Ghana. The data were analysed using the partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS) technique.
This qualitative study examines how multilevel networks should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving climate change adaptation measures in Norwegian municipalities. Case studies are presented that test the analytical model of network achievement introduced in the theory section.
The authors conducted a survey to collect data on climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, corporate attitude toward the Korean emissions trading scheme (ETS) regulation and carbon management practices, and operational performance and market and emission reductions in the context of South Korea. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling to test the hypotheses.
Based on primary data applied to an econometric model, climate change factors which could influence the operations and cost-effectiveness of Polish vineyards in the short and medium term will be described. The model is based on data from a survey conducted in Poland in 2015.
In this study, the vulnerability to erosion in mangroves was assessed using GIS models based on the wave attenuation model developed by the authors. The GIS model was used to assess the vulnerability of mangrove forests in a tropical coastal protected area in Malaysia.
A hazard-scenario analysis of extreme high-temperature events in Hulunbuir, China, was carried out by using the hazard model developed by the authors. The hazard model was developed based on the spatial distribution of extreme temperature events and the spatial and temporal distribution of water resources, and was then used to estimate the probability of occurrence of each extreme temperature event.
The warming effects of GH gases are not identical, but they can be converted into the CO2 equivalent by using the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of each GH gas. GWP values are integrated over a 100-year timescale and therefore are not accurate measures of the instantaneous warming effects (IPCC, 2013a). CO2 emissions are reported as gigatons of carbon (GtC) or gigaton of carbon dioxide (GTCO2). The GtC values can be transformed into GtCO2 by multiplying by 3.664. Equivalent CO2 (CO2eq) is the concentration of CO2 that would cause the same level of radiative forcing (RF) as a given type and concentration of GH gas (i.e. methane (CH4), nitrogen oxide (N2O) and halogens). The aim of the COP21 is to keep a global temperature increase below 2degC by 2100 and to drive efforts to limit
This study uses a sample of non-financial entities listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange (BIST) for the period 2011-2015. Data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on BIST. The data were analyzed using the ordinary least squares regression and the Tobit regression.
The authors base their analysis on the Becker-Grossman type of health production model. The analysis proceeds through three stages. First, the authors construct a fixed-effects panel regression model to explore the short-run relationship between mortality rates and temperature changes across countries. The main advantage of using panel-data models is that the authors can control for many potential confounding factors. Second, they construct an adaptation regression model in the form of a dynamic panel-effects model. This approach takes into account the lagged effects of temperatures on mortality rate level. Third, they perform panel- data analysis for the sample periods of 1970-1989 and 1990-2010.
A questionnaire survey was used to collect data from farmers in Kintampo North Municipality of Ghana. The data were analyzed using the intensity analysis technique developed by Aldwaik and Pontius (2012) at interval, category and transition levels.
A mathematical groundwater model (MODFLOW) is used to predict the current and future condition of the groundwater using climate data derived from a global climate model (Long Ashton Research Station Weather Generator, LARS-WG). The possible impact of rainfall change on groundwater recharge was also analyzed in the present work.
This paper is based on the findings of the Stern Review on the economics of climate change published in 2007. The Stern Review covers several topics in six broad parts. Part one includes two chapters covering the background and different aspects of the climate change. In part two, the impacts of climateChange on growth and development are discussed. Part three discusses the economics and stabilization and the projection of growth of greenhouse gases (GHG) emission. It also analyses the challenges, identification of mitigation cost and structural changes and competitiveness of climatechange policy. The policy responses for mitigation are discussed in part four. This part also explains the reduction of emissions, carbon pricing and acceleration of technological innovation. Part five explains the adaptation policy responses and the role of adaptation in sustainable development. Part six concludes with an international collective action framework for climate change and international support for adaptation.
The study adopted a mixed-methods approach, using a qualitative research design. Data were collected through semi-structured in-depth interviews with stakeholders involved in the implementation of climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in Cameroon.
A review of the literature was conducted to identify SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA. A case study approach was used to identify the potential of SEA to reduce disaster risks through CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh.
The study was conducted in a coastal municipality in southern Mozambique, using a mixed-methods approach. The first phase of the study involved a questionnaire survey, followed by semi-structured interviews with community members. The second phase involved a focus group discussion with a group of community members from the municipality. The third phase involved the use of a case study approach to understand community vulnerability to climate change and variability.
This study uses instrumental variables method to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture. The empirical methodology is based on a panel data set of Pakistan covering the period from 2000 to 2013. The authors use the panel data to estimate the impact on agriculture of temperature, precipitation, area under cultivation, population, fertilizers, technological changes and agriculture land area.
Geostatistical techniques were used to map the adaptive capacities of Nkonkobe Local Municipality to climate change. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey that was administered to 1,000 households in the municipality. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0.
This study uses a Ricardian valuation approach to estimate the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria. The authors use a panel data set of cocoa-producing states in Nigeria covering the period from 2000 to 2012. The data set is based on the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data for the years 2000-2012.
The respondents were 1,185 rural residents in coastal, middle and western China. The respondents were from three counties in coastal Shandong Province, middle Shanxi Province and western Gansu Province. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey, and the data were analysed using the partial least squares method.
Based on farm-level data of the Brazilian Agricultural Census 2006, the paper identified the most vulnerable hotspots for climate change in the Sertao and how adaptive strategies may attenuate the impacts on different groups of farmers. Four main productions are analyzed: milk, cattle, goat and sheep. By estimating independent production-functions for each economic activity, analyses allow for the farmers' full adjustment to changing environmental conditions.
The paper is based on a literature review of peer-reviewed articles and other forms of publication which have documented climate change in Uganda over the past years.
This paper presents a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of EU and international climate policies, through a participatory process of highly experienced stakeholders' engagement. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, therefore leading to more accurate results.
To simulate the future climate in Serbia, the coupled regional climate model EBU-POM (Eta Belgrade University - Princeton Ocean Model) has been applied to 17 climatic stations. The simulations were conducted according to the A1B and A2 climate scenarios, suggesting a significant change in the temperature and precipitation pattern for the future time frame of 2071-2100.
The GPC framework was applied to the city of Nanchang, China, to calculate the city's CO2e emissions. The city's CEs were divided into four sectors: energy, industrial processes and product use (IPPU), agriculture, forestry and other land use (AFOLU) and waste. The GPC method was used to estimate the distributional value of the CEs using the energy use per unit gross regional product (GRP) as a key indicator.
This paper is based on a case study in Kiyu, San Jose (Uruguayan coastal region) from 2013 to 2014. In-depth interviews with national and local-level elected officials and decision makers were conducted to select a short list of adaptation measures, e.g. soft works, climate and beach profile monitoring, training and public awareness to increase community confidence and engagement with the adaptation process.
In this study, the authors consider a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering strategy in 2020-2020 with daily injections of SO2 at a rate of 5 Tg SO2 per year and concentrate its impacts on Caribbean coral reefs, which are currently threatened by climate-induced ocean warming. The authors evaluate the consequences of the impacts of a 5 megaton (Mt) of sulfate aerosols into the stratosphere to block incoming sunlight.
A total of 168 climate change adaptation projects from 13 countries in West Africa were reviewed and subjected to the CRiSTAL tool. The projects fell in three broad categories: resources oriented, enablers oriented and human well-being oriented.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey of 1,000 smallholder rain-fed agriculture farmers in Kenya. The data were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and cluster analysis.
The study was conducted in three drought-prone districts of West Hararghe, Oromia National Regional State of Ethiopia. The population of the study area consisted of 1,000 households. The data were collected through a questionnaire survey and analyzed using descriptive statistics, kh2 test and logistic regression.
A questionnaire survey was conducted among 1,000 pastoralists in Borana zone of Ethiopia. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis and structural equation modeling (SEM).
A forest inventory was prepared at the provincial level using Landsat satellite images at a spatial resolution of 1:250,000 covering the whole area of Gilgit-Baltistan. The data were analysed using a range of statistical techniques, including tree counts, tree counts and tree counts per hectare, tree count per km2, and forest biomass. The forest biomass was estimated using the Forest biomass inventory developed by the FAO.
The study was conducted in two phases. In the first phase, a survey was carried out with a sample of 1,000 respondents from the urban and rural areas of Colombia. The second phase consisted of a focus group discussion with a group of experts from the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) and the International Energy Agency.
The authors begin with a theoretical analysis on the rationale for integrated consideration of climate change via the EIA procedures. Attention is then paid to the existing climate feasibility study in China as a separate initiative to evaluate climate change impacts. In light of the progress and problems revealed in relevant legislation, key issues concerning the transformation of China's EIA procedure are discussed. Comparative research is also applied to consider relevant international experiences.
Data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey conducted in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The survey was conducted on a random sample of 1,000 households. The data were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0.
The proposed model is developed through the analysis of the effects of climate change and domestic population growth on domestic water demand and then applied to the Yellow River basin in China. The model is based on the historical records of water demand in the basin. The data are collected from the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China (NBSC) for the years 2000-2013.
This study is based on a qualitative case study of two extreme poor communities in Dhaka City, Bangladesh. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with the extreme poor households and groups.
The study uses cross-sectional data collected in the second half of 2013 from a survey conducted in the Gangetic plains (IGP) of Bihar, India. The data were analyzed using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
Employing a large sample of 90 European cities, the authors match the future and current climates of a given location with the past and future climates of any location worldwide. This way, a pair of climate analogues is made of two different geographical locations sharing a significantly similar climate for a different time period.
The study adopted a qualitative case study approach, using the case of Mbire District in the mid-Zambezi Valley area of Mashonaland Central Province, Zimbabwe. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions with water-related institutions in the case study area. The study was influenced by the critical institutionalism approach.
A case study was conducted in Zongi village in northern Ethiopia to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to AF systems through their potentials to sequester C as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration. Data were collected using a combination of field observations, interviews and document analysis. The study was carried out in two phases. The first phase consisted of a survey of the land area of the AF site and the second phase of a case study.
The study used a cross-sectional survey design. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey conducted in Kweneng district, Botswana, using a stratified random sampling technique. The data were analyzed using a binary logit model to determine factors that influence farmers' adaptation to climate change.
Pugh's (2016b) analysis is closely aligned with the affect theory of Stewart (2011) and Berlant (2011); specifically, their concern for how people inhabit, dwell in and find their way through the more enigmatic and emotionally charged atmospheres of everyday life that cannot always be neatly captured by, or reduced to, coherent and rational conceptualisations of sovereign agency and disciplinary power at work. His analysis is based on a single day in April 2014 that he spent with town planners - two that he interviewed and others that eventually joined them - in their offices in St Lucia.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on the right of Small Island Developing States to continue their existence as states and on the idea of continuous statehood through the potentially conflictual territorial rights-claims of these states and their homelands.
Three case studies are used to probe past responses of island societies to long-term (multi-generational) environmental changes. The special characteristics of island environments and societies are described with emphasis on the diversity of community coping capacity that is frequently overlooked yet may make a difference between effective and ineffective responses to (future) environmental change.
The approach taken is to review and synthesize a selection of case studies that highlight the variety of resources that have been removed from small islands over time and where the benefits flow to external parties at significant cost to local communities - in resource depletion, environmental damage and impacts on community health and well-being.
This is a conceptual paper that draws on a review of the literature on climate impact assessment methods and knowledge production and decision-making in SIDS and atoll countries.
The project "Sharing Perceptions of Adaptation, Resilience and Climate Knowledge" (SPARCK) used ground-breaking socio-technological methods to survey three key sectors (secondary school teachers, rural communities and media personnel) in Samoa, Fiji and Vanuatu. A mixed methodology approach combined technological innovation (particularly the application of mobile technology) with human/social/social approaches to provide empirical evidence of local perceptions.
A qualitative approach was used to explore the perspectives of artist-practitioners on the communication of climate change in the Pacific. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with ten Pacific Island artists who had been involved in projects that sought to respond to climate change. Thematic analysis of the interviews was undertaken to identify themes that emerged from the data.
In this paper, Bangladesh is used as a case study. Bangladesh has been severely affected by climate change in recent decades, and it represents centuries of deprivation as a result of colonization, imposed war, economic repression and fragile governance that are considered as the root causes of vulnerability. Bangladesh is one of the most affected countries in South Asia by an expected 2degC rise in the world's average temperatures in the next decades, with rising sea levels and more extreme heat and more intense cyclones threatening food production, livelihoods and infrastructure.
This paper uses the panel data of 190 countries during 1990-2013 to analyze the effect of FDI on carbon intensity in different countries with different income levels separately. The system GMM is more appropriate in estimating a dynamic panel data model, as it can address the issues of endogeneity, heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation within the related variables. The estimation result is more reliable.
Based on conceptual arguments and empirical literature on climate-induced migration and social protection, this paper explores the roles social protection can play in reducing and facilitating migration due to climate change. This paper focuses on two social protection schemes for their innovative design and substantial potential to address climate change: the Indian Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and the Ethiopian Productive Safety Net Program.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on human mobility in the context of disasters and climate change in South America. The authors used a qualitative approach, using semi-structured interviews with representatives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) on Human Mobility and Disaster Risk Reduction.
A qualitative content and thematic analysis of Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs), supplemented by interviews from AOSIS negotiators from these two regions, provides an identification of the frequency of discussion of climate-induced migration and displacement by Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states.
The paper is based on a review of the literature on displacement and climate change and disaster risk reduction (DRR) as well as on a case study of the Republic of Serbia. The research was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, a literature review was conducted on the topic of climate change, and in the second phase, the authors conducted a survey of the local community's planning policy and community resilience.
The study is based on a cross-sectional survey of farmers' migration in rural India. The data were collected from the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) of India in 2015-2016. The authors used a multinomial logistic regression model to estimate the effect of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change.
For the purpose of this study, meteorological drought was adopted where rainfall is commonly used for drought analysis. Droughts over a region can be characterized using different indices, which all use rainfall either alone or in combination with other meteorological elements. Drought magnitude is categorized, in most commonly used indices, into mild, moderate, severe and extreme.
The present study uses the Lars-WG stochastic weather generator model which is used to simulate climate data in a given station at present and future conditions affected by climate change. Its data are in the form of daily time series for a set of climate variables, such as precipitation, minimum and maximum temperature and sunshine. In the new version of this model, a complete development has been established to provide a powerful model to produce artificial weather data in an extensive climate area. The results have been used to analyse present andfuture extreme climate events and to study climate change effects on wheat in England.
The study uses a cross-sectional survey of 1,000 rural households in Ghana to examine the extent to which remittances have been used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households and the types/forms of investment often made by rural households. The study also examines how such investments support climate change risk diversification.
This research uses a mixed-methods approach. First, the vulnerability to floods in new development areas in HCMC has been investigated through a case study of three new emerging districts (District 2, 9 and ThuDuc) in the near future. Second, the flood impacts of these three districts have been evaluated by the existing researches. Third, the impact of the spatial enlargement on flooding vulnerability has been evaluated through an analysis of the existing flood management system in the three districts.
The research is based on a review of the available literature on Kafalah and its application in Islamic banking in Malaysia. In addition, the research examines relevant laws on guarantee and/or kafalah in the light of the Shariah provisions governing the same.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of Information technology companies in Saudi Arabia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM).
This study uses a quantitative approach to analyze the relationship between economic growth and sukuk market development. This study uses panel data analysis to examine the impact of economic growth on the development of Sukuk market in Pakistan.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on education in the Arab world and the Global Education Innovation Initiative's (GEI's) research and practice collaborative.
This innovative trading approach based on ARIMA index forecasting is benchmarked to an equivalent approach apart that the index forecasts are obtained from GARCH (1, 1). The authors assess this original method of trading in terms of dollar profit (discounted net profit), profitability index, IRR when available, MIRR and the percentage of times options are correctly identified as undervalued or overvalued. A buy or sell and hold strategy is finally proposed.
The present study used the analytical framework of Shields (1997) and Zawawi and Hoque (2010) to review the articles published on the SMA and its techniques in the influential accounting journals since 2008 to date (November 2019) to revisit the relevance of studying SMA techniques.
Methodologically, the authors use the generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity-dynamic equicorrelation (GARCH-DECO) to investigate the conditional correlation between the major US indices (S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities as Feeder Cattle, Leen Hogs and Live Cattle during the period from July 22, 2010 to June 30, 2017.
This paper is based on a review of the literature and the authors' personal experience in the field of health-care technology adoption.
In this study, a comprehensive literature review was conducted to identify the current fire protection features in buildings and their limitations, and the proposed framework was developed to address these limitations. Based on this review, a new integrated framework for improving fire safety in buildings was proposed. The proposed framework consists of three main sections: first, review of existing fire protection measures in buildings; second, assessment of the impact of fire hazard on life, structural, and property safety; and third, development of strategies to improve fire safety.
This research embarked on an empirical approach by collecting data on a sample of undergraduate students and soliciting their perception about using cell phones in a class setting via survey instrument. To elaborate and investigate the main objective, the authors explored in further depth two areas: How do students perceive/rate their own use of mobile phone technology use and its impact on their learning and academic performance? How do they perceive/ rate their lecturers' use of cell phones as a learning tool?
This study is based on a quantitative research design. The data were collected by means of a questionnaire survey among the employees of financial institutions' employees in Moscow, Russia. The sample size of this study was 1,000. The questionnaire was distributed to employees of the largest financial institutions in Russia.
Data were collected using a self-administered questionnaire from a convenience sample of university students in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
Based on the comprehensive analysis, this study takes into account customer security constructs (e.g. perceived trust and perceived risk) to investigate the customer's behavioral intention toward mobile payment. Based on the theoretical framework, a conceptual model is proposed to demonstrate the antecedents of perceived risks and trusts in the relationship between customer satisfaction and loyalty, and examine the moderating effect of gender in the proposed relationships. In addition, the study extensively examines the gender differences in the suggested relationships.
This study adopts an innovative methodological approach - netnographic and interview evidence - to explore how B2B SMEs approach branding online and offline, and to provide insights on how these firms from emerging markets upgrade their branding practices.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on higher education in Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean and Asia-Pacific. The authors analyze the extent to which the external dimension of the Bologna Process has been realized, 20 years after its launch.
This study was undertaken with a group of five academic colleagues working within the same Biochemical Sciences Department who appeared to have a shared philosophy of teaching and were working on the development of a new undergraduate curriculum. Concept mapping was used as a tool to facilitate the discussion and development of concept maps to facilitate a greater level of pedagogic resilience in the face of a wider environment that is considered by the participants to be resistant to radical change.
The study adopted a quantitative approach using a questionnaire-based survey. The questionnaire was sent to all the major banks and financial institutions in the country. The respondents were selected using purposive sampling. The data collected were analysed using descriptive statistics, factor analysis, correlation and regression analysis.
The study is based on a content analysis of the Google Art and Culture website. The content analysis was carried out using a combination of descriptive and inferential statistics. The data were collected from the website, and the data analysis was done by using descriptive statistics.
This paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis.
A cross-sectional design was used to collect data from nurses in a public hospital in Egypt. Structural equation modelling was employed to test the proposed hypotheses.
The authors use a large panel dataset which consists of 72 countries for a long period of time ranging from 1995 to 2011. In addition, the analysis account for endogeneity problems which are typically found in such studies by using Fixed Effects and 2SLS models. The authors have also applied techniques that control for the possible endogeneity, autocorrelation and serial correlation problems.
A survey was conducted to collect data from Facebook users. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).
The study uses a panel data set of OECD countries for the period from 2000 to 2012. The study uses the generalized method of moments (GMM) technique to examine the relationship between the signaling variables and IPO initial returns. It also examines the moderation effects of a country's corruption level (proxied by the Corruption Perception Index [CPI]) on the relationships between the variables.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the employees of Public Educational Sector Administration (PESA) in Nigeria. The data were analyzed using the structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
FCCSP package can pass through automotive reliability criteria that follow AEC Q100 Grade 0 condition, with solder bump or Cu pillar structure, and the molding underfill only can protect fragile dies from the environmental stress. The Cu6Sn5 intermetallic compound is the most sensitive to continuous heat which grows from 3 to 10 um at high temperature storage 2,000 h testing and the second is Cu3Sn IMC. The first phase to form and grow into observable thickness for Ni and lead-free interface is Ni3Sn4 IMC and the thickness has little relationship to the environmental pressure.
The authors forecast 80 years of Saudi Arabia's population by age groups with spectral analysis presented in Rostan and Rostan (2017a). The Burg (1975) model combined with wavelet analysis is a versatile and robust model that may help the Saudi government policymakers, planners and pension managers to gain insight into the future pyramid of ages.
This paper is based on a review of the literature on student evaluation of teaching and student response rate in higher education. The paper is also based on the author's personal experience as a lecturer and a researcher.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of HEIs in Nigeria. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) technique.
The 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) with recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics was carried out on a 3D printer. The extruded material through the nozzle head is directed on the print bed and immediately hardened to ensure the part fabrication. To ensure the better dimensional stability of the component formed, it is required to process the printing below the melting point of the substrate. The 3D printers were used for 3DP of the multilateral components of ABS, TPU and PLA.
The authors first present a collection of numerical results on the response of pentamode metamaterials in the bending-dominated regime induced by the presence of rigid connections between the bars and the plates forming the structure, by studying the variation of such quantities with the lattice constant, the solid volume fraction, the cross-section area of the rods and the layer thickness. The authors then review available analytic formulae for the vertical and bending stiffness properties of layered pentamODE systems equipped with hinged connections. The examined applications are aimed to contribute to the diffusion of engineeredpentamode lattices into the broad field of structural engineering, which at present makes limited use of mechanical metammaterials.
Numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms is presented. First, the existence of freestanding placements in absence of external loads is studied by varying values of two aspect parameters: the relative twisting angle between the terminal bases and the inclination above the horizontal plan of the internal strings. Next, local solutions of the self-equilibrium problem are numerically derived through Newton-Raphson method and infinitesimal mechanisms of the analysed physical model are solved. The prestress stability of the structure is related to the positive definiteness of geometric stiffness matrix in correspondence to each possible mechanism. The following investigation of the elastic response of the examined structures in large displacements regime under a uniform uniaxial loading took place. The incremental equilibrium problem is numerically solved through a path-following approach.
The Mg-3Si-HA composites were fabricated using the Spark plasma sintering (SPS) technique under cyclic loading. The SPS technique is a novel and intense approach to fabricate porous, compact and biodegradable biomaterials with improved mechanical, antibo-biological, antibacterial, corrosion and corrosion performance. The Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases of the Mg3Si composites (Mg-2Si-Si) were analyzed for their mechanical properties.
In this paper, a 2-dimensional periodic material is considered as an example of a 2D lattice with a representative unit cell (RUC) and the Bloch wave vector is represented by a linear combination of the reciprocal space vectors b1 and b2. The spatial periodicity of the 2D periodic material has been studied by means of a numerical study.
This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems. The first model considers that such structures exhibit a no-tension membrane state of stress across the thrust surface. The membrane equilibrium is used to research an optimal shape of the surface of the masonry model, under specific no-Tension and position constraints. The Pucher's formulation is applied to identify the potential of the membrane stress, by a nonconforming variational approach, with defined polyhedral approximations. It leads to a representation of such a stress field by a discrete network of compressive forces and allows to predict the regions exposed to crack pattern and to evaluate a lower bound of the collapse load of the examined vault.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from department stores in Malaysia. The data were analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM) to test the hypotheses.
This research uses the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) database, an international survey pertaining to entrepreneurship that is widely used in entrepreneurship research and offers interesting insights based on two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs. The authors compare the way in which some factors considered to influence risk propensity are associated to this variable.
The causal relationship between persistence and leverage as well as sentiment and liquidity are modeled using SPSS Analysis of Moment Structure (AMOS). The ability to conduct Bayesian analysis, a process that will improve estimates of the model estimates, is integrated within AMOS. This feature provides the opportunity to compare estimated values derived from both the Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Bayesian approaches to analyses of the same CFA model. The accuracy of the Bayesian model is quantified using examples from the tech sector.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from the employees of selected Big Five banks in Pakistan. Structural equation modeling (SEM) technique was used to test the proposed model.
Based on a perception study in 2011, the Tunisian corporate governance central has sought to establish a barometer for measuring and monitoring the level of corruption. This work is conducted through a questionnaire of a sample of 250 citizens with the survey themes: the perception of corruption by sector, the degree of acceptability of behavior corruption, the different attitudes to corrupt practices, the assessment of government action to fight against corruption and measure the risk ofcorruption.
The study uses a sample of 106 listed companies on Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) over the time period 2011-2015. The data were collected from the annual reports of the companies listed on the DSE for the period of 2011 to 2015. The sample was divided into two groups, namely, financial and non-financial companies. The financial companies were included in the first group and the non- financial companies in the second group were excluded from the study.
The paper uses the tropes of kindness, inclusion and appreciation to argue for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the Prince Sultan University Research Review (PSURR) are exemplars of possibilities. Within the writer's academic field of teacher education, opportunities abound to make connections and to make the next generation steel steel.
This is a conceptual paper that draws on the author's work in World English: A Study of Its Development and related publications.
An experimental protocol is developed to evaluate the effectiveness of Arabic OCR systems in terms of their sensitivity to different levels of page quality. The performance metrics are then used to compare the performance of the most common Arabic O CRR systems.
A questionnaire survey was conducted to collect data from the general public in Malaysia. Structural equation modelling (SEM) was used to test the proposed model.
The paper outlines the basic uses of nuances as a means to describe subtle differences between attacks. It outlines commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model. The authors have considered conceptual use cases to demonstrate how the annotation method can be used in real-world examples.
The proposed model is applied to the Yelp Dataset from the YelpDataset Challenge (Yelp, 2015). The proposed model considers the previous work with respect to the measure of influence in users in the Yelp recommender system.
This paper proposes GrandBase, a knowledge base (KB) that generates actionable knowledge from Big Data. The proposed KB is based on the Resource Description Framework (RDF) triples, which the authors refer to as {subject, predicate, object, object}. The authors propose GrandBase as a knowledge extraction and truth discovery platform for Big Data, which is capable of extracting machine-readable and interpretable information from large-scale, possibly conflicting, and different-structured data sources.
The authors use both DEA and AHP in hierarchy GRA. DEA is an objective data-oriented approach that allows each alternative (known as a decision-making unit in the DEA terminology) to choose its own favorable system of weights to optimize its relative performance. However, the subjective process of producing weights in AHP may not result in the best ranking position for each alternative in comparison to all the other alternatives. To overcome this issue, the authors integrate the two variants of DEA models in GRA, namely, additive DEA and analytic hierarchy process (AHP).
The new stress-driven integral constitutive model is formulated according to the new nonlocal continuum mechanics. Size-effects are computed for cantilever and doubly clamped nano-beams under uniform distributions of torsional couples per unit length.
In this paper, a three-dimensional nonlinear finite element model is developed to predict fire response of hot-rolled W-shaped beams and girders subjected to significant bending moment and shear force. The model was validated against test data on beams and then the model was applied to examine the influence of shear on fire response under different loading configurations and web slenderness. A numerical study is carried out using a numerical model.
The paper is based on a literature review of international-business research on the provision of collective goods by MNEs in emerging markets.
The paper uses data from Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) and the World Bank's World Development Indicators (WDI) to examine the spatial nature of corruption on the African continent and the causes of differences in its level of severity.
The paper takes a case study approach to explore management action to reduce the carbon emissions associated with air travel by employees, outlining how managerial practices inside the organisation affect the organisation's environmental impact and how an organisation may enable change. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews with senior managers and analysis of company documents.
This study uses a case study approach. Data were collected from the coffee industry's supply chains and analyzed using life cycle assessment (LCA) and product carbon footprinting methods.
A survey of Irish firms was conducted to identify reasons for non-adoption of ABC. The survey was sent to a random sample of 1,000 Irish firms. The responses were analysed using descriptive statistics and factor analysis.
This paper is based on the authors' extensive research on societal disruptions and their attributes. The authors offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address such societal disruptions.
A survey was conducted to collect data from accounting students and professional accountants in Sri Lanka. Frequency statistics were performed to examine the demographic factors of the respondents. Group differences and ranking statistical tests were used to identify the preferred generic and technical skills.
Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from a sample of 300 respondents. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the data.
The study adopted a cross-sectional survey research design. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire from PSF owners/managers in Ghana. The sample consisted of PSFs operating in the financial services industry. The data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling.
Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of start-ups in Karnataka, India. The data were analysed using SPSS 20.0 and AMOS 21.0.
The study is based on secondary data from the annual reports of health insurance companies in India for the period of 1990-2012. The data are analyzed using descriptive statistics such as Tobin's Q, return on assets and return on equity (ROA).
Data were collected from the weavers of handloom weaving industry using a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) technique.
The data were collected through a questionnaire survey from the employees of a telecommunications company in Turkey. The data were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM).
This is a case study based on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The inspiration to write this case study has thus, been derived from the Foundation Day Lecture, 2018 in XIMB.
This paper is based on a case study of CERA India, which is a leading ceramic kitchenware company in India. The case study is descriptive in nature, as it is a real-life story.
The present study utilises a set of varied standard tools and techniques, namely, internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model, among others, to analyse and forecast GIC Re's financial performance.
The paper is based on a review of the relevant literature and the author's personal experience in the field of public policy and research.
