This paper aims to consider the practicalities and problematics of applying grounded theory (GT) as a novice researcher during a mixed methods research project. Presented as a critical review of GT via a case study, it observes postgraduate (PhD) investigation into the nature of sketch inhibition among undergraduates within design higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of financial sector reforms on foreign direct investment (FDI) inflow in an emerging economy.
The purpose of this paper is to study the Iranian policy in the Middle East (ME) and its evolution and consequences on Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the accuracy of forecasting the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series for one day ahead.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mechanisms through which cultural products are valued and explore the ramifications of these processes for organizations engaged in the production of cultural products. Cultural products are unique in the sense that they are "goods and services that are valued for their 'meaning'" and do not provide simply a direct utilitarian function to their users. The authors argue that meaningfulness, the resultant value ambiguity and uncertainty of these products shift the focus of valuation away from the products themselves towards how certain agents in the socio-cultural environment identify and certify their products.
Open source electronic medical records (OSS) communities provide free source code so that any software developer can modify, view or distribute the product, which, in turn, results in more flexible technologies, greater innovation and lower costs. In contrast to for-profit technology organizations, these communities are comprised primarily of volunteers and are characterized by fluid membership combined with a lack of formal structure and few rules or regulations. Viewed from an organizational perspective, the challenge that leaders of these communities face concerns how to build a sense of psychological ownership when factors and incentives, which apply to traditional organizations (e.g. formal employment contracts and salary) are absent from these communities. The purpose of this paper is to address these challenges.
The purpose of this paper is to share the reflections of social work students in Nigeria regarding their knowledge of the anti-oppressive practice approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate those attraction features that would create the best pre-visit mental image in the minds of domestic visitors towards the Grand Egyptian Museum (GEM) in Egypt and to measure the impact of these attraction features on the image of the museum, which logically would affect their intention to visit the museum.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude, which is based on entrepreneurship education, financial support and market availability. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. This can be further encouraged through financial support.
The purpose of this paper is to provide evidence on the social responsibility disclosure of Egyptian universities; comparing the disclosure level of public universities on social responsibility activities vs private universities; and suggesting a framework that enhances the role of universities' social responsibility that would help in promoting sustainable development.
The purpose of this paper is to present the impact of the political reform on stability in Kuwait during the period after the Arab revolutions since 2010.
The purpose of this paper is to present some of relevant literatures on the topic of institutional performance assessment on many levels, for the purpose of developing a proposed model for measuring administrative performance, applying on governmental sector organizations, taking into consideration the dimension of expressing the proposed model quantitatively, through statistical and mathematical formulas.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new way of analysis of terrorism data that can be useful in understanding the landscape of terrorism. The researcher is interested to classify terrorist organizations or groups based on the way they perform the terrorist incident.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit, which is influenced by lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness.
The purpose of this paper is to examine contraceptive discontinuation (including method failure, switching, abandoning use for the desire to become pregnant and abandoning use while still in need) as an important part of the fertility increase observed during the past decade in Egypt. Discontinuation is one of those behaviours that contribute to the level of fertility through what Jain and colleagues have termed the "leaking bucket" that reduces the impact of family planning programmes.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an ethical framework that can guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. Management scholars are confronted with prioritization problems when they have to select or choose between two or more research projects because of limited resources and time. When we prioritize, we decide that one project is more worthy of the available resources than another project. This paper aims to address this issue.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters that is impossible to be estimated by maximum likelihood estimate (MLE) or other statistical methods. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression to estimate the linear regression parameters. In the same line, generalized linear models (GLMs) can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models). The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of three adaptive media strategies on the potential impact of the crowd pattern and dynamics.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between financial development and economic growth in Egypt by analysing trends between 1980 and 2016.
The purpose of this paper is to review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and to draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. Social statistics is the field of statistical science that deals with the study of social phenomena and in particular human behavior in a social environment. In every applied research effort statistical techniques are compulsory to reach a non-questionable conclusion.
The purpose of this paper is to qualitatively investigate whether urban consumers differ in their levels of sustainable consumption than rural consumers, identify the potentially different factors associated with Egyptian urban and rural consumers' energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours in terms of conservation and purchase behaviours to see if there any other factors that were not identified by the previous literature (especially because most previous studies are conducted in developed countries), and empirically blueprinting conceptual frameworks highlighting the factors influencing their sustainable consumption.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the patterns of reported neonatal morbidity and care-seeking behavior and to identify factors associated with it in Karnataka, India.
The purpose of this paper is to show how dynamic network analysis (DNA) can be used to identify key actors in an international crisis using the Syrian crisis as an example.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for the analysis of sustainable market competitiveness factors of the nation brand. This article provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector.
- The purpose of this paper is to present a critical, epistemological map of contemporary Islamic philosophy response to the challenges of the age and thinking outside history. It will also be a diagnosis and critical evaluation of the current state of affairs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the innovation climate (IC), co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) - in terms of cost effectiveness, volume effectiveness, responsiveness, product modularity, and collaborative assembly - and value to customer (VC) in a creative jewellery market, which recently generated higher customer involvement in the assembly/reassembly and remix processes of its product modules/charms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the limitations of the classical deterrence theory in dealing with violent non-state actors (VNSAs). The paper investigates the drawbacks of Deterrence Theory in terms of explaining new forms of behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the educational policy in Egypt from a societal assessment perspective. The paper aims to identify the vulnerability factors that negatively impact the development of education in Egypt and to propose a proposal for enhancing the educational system.
The purpose of this paper is to provide additional theoretical and practical insights to the operational inefficiencies associated with the pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) used in two European countries, namely, the UK and Greece. It evaluates the challenges that pharmacies face when distributing medicines within this supply focussing specifically on impediments to effective delivery to customers and patients.
The development and adoption of renewable energy is one of the answers to the most unrelenting social and environmental challenges, especially those linked to climate change. International business (IB) scholars are invited to conduct more research to increase the understanding of some of the biggest questions of our lifetime (Dorrenbacher and Michailova, 2019). And this should be quite natural, given the international linkages that surround the renewable energy industries. Nevertheless, more research is needed to support actions that can solve important societal and environmental questions that are associated with climate change (Chaisse, 2016; Elliot, 2000; Gonzalez-Perez and Leonard, 2013; Guess, 2010; Pinkse and Kolk, 2008). The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to identify, evaluate and apply optimal supply chain efforts to address shortages in the Air Force Contingency Pharmaceutical Programme. The Air Force Medical Service (AFMS) currently manages a $1.3bn contingency medical programme comprised of over 5,100 assemblages across the globe at 87 unique locations. A critical element of contingency medical assemblage are pharmaceutical items, which account for over $113m of the programme.
The purpose of this study is to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a simulation framework with an integrated integer programming optimization model for the sustainment of an infantry brigade combat team (IBCT) in the US Army.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel subtour elimination methodology, dubbed the greedy tracker (GT), for the edge-greedy heuristic and compare it to two known subtour Elimination Methodologies for the traveling salesman problem.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how defence supply chain (SC) design (SCD) strategies (SCSs) can be differentiated from commercial SCSs to meet military customers' requirements in defence.
The purpose of this paper is to provide insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the US Air Force's (USAF's) organic supply chain from the future retirement of legacy weapon systems (WSs) and product support outsourcing decisions, which could threaten its future viability and resilience.
Noncombatant evacuation operations (NEOs) are operations in which US citizens, Department of Defense (DoD) civilians and pre-designated host nation (HN) or third-country nationals (TCN) are transported from within a foreign nation to a separate safe haven. These operations generally occur as a result of military conflict, political unrest or natural disaster, but they can be directed for any number of other reasons by the Department of State (DOS). The manner in which NEOs are conducted can have far-reaching positive or negative effects across diplomatic, humanitarian, military and economic realms, and they require deliberate and thoughtful planning to execute well. The purpose of this paper is to present the results of a two-year study of the evacuation planning process in South Korea.
The purpose of this paper is to gain insights into the weapon system readiness impacts of order fulfillment errors in the United States Air Force (USAF).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using the Gale-Shapley (GS) stable marriage algorithm (SMA) approach for the army personnel-to-assignment matching problem (APAMP).
The purpose of this paper is to solve the military nodal capacity problem (MNCP) by ensuring the on-time delivery of military cargo, subject to transportation and nodal throughput requirements. The MNCP is to determine the minimum daily nodal capacities required in terms of trucks per day and railcars per day, via expansion above the current capacities, given the following considerations: required flow of cargo, as prescribed by a time-phased force deployment and data (TPFDD), which provides detailed information on the amounts of cargo to transport from debarkation ports to final destinations for each day; transportation information, including transport asset payloads, transport times over the physical distribution network, and the proportion of cargo requirements to move via each transport mode; and nodals, including the current daily noddingal throughput capacities.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the time it would take to provide medical treatment for a large urban population in the wake of an airborne anthrax release, and the effect that various parameters have on the total time needed for logistics to respond to this attack.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of surface roughness on ultrasonic nondestructive testing (UT) of electron beam melting (EBM) Ti-6Al-4V. This research will attempt to determine the extent to which surface finish causes a measurable difference in flaw detection of titanium alloy samples at frequencies of 2, 5 and 10 MHz.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the question of whether this congressional mandate will be met in the tumultuous world of the twenty-first century. Are national defense needs being satisfied by this continued reliance on the commercial sector? How will the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) remain relevant into the future?
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of contemporary 155 mm artillery projectiles as alternatives to solving the problem of limited range capabilities in the field.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the application of early supplier integration (ESI) practices within the unique US defense acquisition environment, where federal acquisition requirements may impede (either perceptually or actually) the effectiveness of prime contractors and suppliers; thereby negatively impacting project performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine one of the largest components of aircraft readiness, the not mission capable maintenance (NMCM) segment of downtime. The analysis is designed to identify trigger events and through regression analysis determine the drivers of NMCM. Additionally, key assumptions underlying interpretations of the aircraft availability (AA) metric are examined. The intuition behind linkages in total active inventory (TAI) and AA is explored. Finally, aircraft utilization is examined to understand the operational impact of increasing available hours.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between learning culture, human capital and operational performance in supply chain management and how workforce level influences the perceived relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and test a heuristic to identify the vulnerability of military theater distribution routes. The United States Transportation Command is responsible for identifying vulnerabilities to distribution operations and recommending mitigations. A complex aspect of distribution operations is theater distribution, which is the movement of military cargo over supply routes consisting of roads and railways in an environment likely to be contested by an enemy. Analysts at the command informally refer to this transportation problem as the military route vulnerability problem (MRVP), which considers three components: topology of roads or railways representing the possible distribution routes; a time-phased force deployment and data describing the military cargo flow requirements from ports of debarkation (PODs) to destinations, otherwise known as tactical assembly areas (TAAs); and intelligence estimates of enemy threats.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors influencing the service provider's willingness to bear performance-based contracting (PBC) induced risks and how these risks are managed in service supply chains.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the causes of the Arab Spring, a region of the Middle East and North African region that experienced a complex shift in stability in 2011. This sudden shift which saw varied responses and outcomes to the outburst of protests from long-standing regimes in the region was unexpected by the USA and the rest of the Western world. This paper offers postdictive analysis on how to most effectively allocate resources and alter policy outcomes in the latent environment of future high-conflict transition regions.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a statistical model to predict the likelihood that a US Army Reserve (USAR) Troop Program Unit (TPU) will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements.
Stored Combat Load (SCL) retrieval times play a significant role in operational planning. During times of peace, this is fairly straightforward as there is sufficient time for military units to plan and draw ammunition as required for training. During combat operations, munitions often accompany troops or are readily accessible on combat outposts and forward operating bases. The transition between peace and combat postures can place an extraordinary demand on logistic systems as supplies are transferred from storage to the warfighter on scales much larger than normally experienced. Given enough time and distance, these demands can be managed with relative ease. However, the enemy does not always provide this luxury.
The purpose of this paper is to determine when or if the cost performance index (CPI) is stabilized in environmental remediation projects and identify factors that significantly contribute to the stability of the CPI.
The purpose of this paper is to examine if and how Department of Defense (DoD)-backed innovation programs enhance the integration of new technologies within the armed services.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how many force packages are needed to sustain a deployed force package, while maintaining predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. Special operations forces (SOFs) are small highly skilled units designed to respond quickly to emerging crises in any part of the world, but they are not designed to conduct a major combat operation without conventional forces. As evidenced by recent global conflicts, SOF use has increased, perhaps to the detriment of their future use. Employing SOF in a manner that puts production capacity in peril leads to decreasing capability. Logically, identifying and studying examples of decreasing capability can help reduce the risk of improper employment.
The purpose of this paper is to present empirically based models via historical data that can be used to not only estimate the likelihood of a contract experiencing an engineering change proposal (ECP) but also determine the amount of money the Government withholds for ECPs as a percentage of the total contract cost.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate operating and support (O&S) cost stability properties in US Air Force aircraft platforms and develop a regression model to predict median O&S costs.
The purpose of this paper is to transfer the ongoing academic discussion about "customer attractiveness" and "preferential customer treatment" to the buyer-supplier relationships in defense markets. It applies structural equation modeling to data from a focus sample of German defense suppliers.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for assessing the effect of system dynamics and structure on the accuracy of the performance appraisal system using discrete event simulation. The paper focuses specifically on the job turnover frequency of US Army officers, the appraisal system structure, and the effect they have on the reliability of the appraisals.
The purpose of this paper is to examine multiple aircraft load planning techniques to determine which, if any, may offer significant opportunities for load planners to maximize the use of aircraft cargo space and ultimately save taxpayer money.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of analytics to inform category management and strategic sourcing in the procurement of product and services.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Air Force Standard Base Supply System (SBSS) program office's successful information technology (IT) modernization initiative. The Air Force's integrated logistics system-supply (ILS-S) has been the heart and soul of the US Air Force base-level supply system for over 50 years. The system was originally fielded as a program assembler language (PAL)-based application in 1965 and operated on mainframe computers that filled the basements of large office buildings at most Air Force bases. As software technology improved, the Air Air Force transitioned the SBSS system software to common business-oriented language (COBOL) to improve the system's viability and sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new empirically based model for determining median will-cost estimates in Department of Defense (DoD) acquisition programs.
The purpose of this paper is to modify a current psychological task that measures cognitive flexibility into a military relevant task requiring decision makers to overcome their experiential bias; and understand underlying causes of individual variability in the cognitive flexibility behavior of active duty military officers on this task.
One of the most hotly contested debates in defense procurement has been the choice of contractor selection method and the procurement outcomes resulting from that choice. The low-price, technically acceptable (LPTA) method has been pitted against the full trade-off (TO) method, with the LPTA method taking the brunt of the criticism. Different buying situations call for different source selection methods. The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of source selection method on procurement outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a quantitative forecasting methodology for predicting US Army enlistment contract production in complex geographical marketing areas.
This paper takes stock of the empirical evidence in the literature through the lens of household finance. The purpose of this paper is to summarize main findings from the empirical literature and shed light on how FinTech has influenced household finances across different countries to date.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation in China. Specifically, the authors attempt to answer the following questions: does interest rateliberalization in China affect bank liquiditycreation? If so, what is the possible mechanism of this effect?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the feedback interaction between stock market return and macroeconomic risk factors at first and second moment level. The study also compares the results for China and USA to uncover the differences in the time varying return and volatility relationship.
- Discretionary accruals (DAs) and corporate cash saving policy, to a large extent, are managerial decisions subject to little outside monitoring. This paper aims to examine how the DAs affect firm cash savings and the motivation behind this cash saving behaviors.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically evaluate risk spillovers between selected Central, Eastern and South-Eastern Europe (CESEE) stock markets via a spillover index approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the shortening of the time distance between economic participants after the opening of high-speed railways on the degree of information asymmetry and the cost of corporate debt financing in China.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of signal attributes on the willingness to pay (WTP) for pasture-raised beef in the Brazilian context and compare northern and southern hemisphere consumers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of intrinsic motivation and job involvement in the relationship of perceived role clarity with innovative work behavior (IWB).
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors affecting the dynamics of contract renewal in buyer-supplier relationships in business-to-business (B2B) settings in the manufacturing realm. The authors take into account the characteristics of buyers (or customers) and characteristics of the contractual relationship between these buyers and a major supplier (or seller), thus enabling us to identify which aspects contribute to the increase (or decrease) of contract renewals in B2B settings.
Grounded theory has been one of the most influential and widely adopted methods in qualitative research for a long time. However, to the best of the authors' knowledge, only scant attention has been given to addressing how scholars can make the best use of what the new online era of research has to offer for constructing a theory grounded upon online data. Thus, the purpose of this paper is to present a comprehensive guide for those interested in engaging with grounded theorizing and exploring the opportunities (and the challenges) presented by thenew online era.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficiency model operation of business incubators and their effects on the most employments and spin-offs in Mexico. In particular, the authors focus on the efficiency analysis of the factors that lead to success both incubator and start-up business.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the compulsory dividend on corporate investment of publicly traded companies around the world. The hypothesis is that companies located in countries that instituted the mandatory dividend have lower levels of investment and greater sensitivity of investment to cash flow than similar companies located on countries without this obligation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the adoption of agricultural insurance by farmers in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, with a focus on the use of insurance to manage production risk.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze whether companies that contracted loans from the Brazilian National Bank for Economic and Social Development (BNDES) between 2002 and 2014 were able to invest more than companies that did not.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA through corporate characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to verify whether there is a relationship between tax aggressiveness and political connections in companies that make financial donations to political campaigns. The authors define the following research question: Can the tax aggressivity of a company be explained by its political connections through campaign donations?
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the implications of the systems of simultaneous equations developed by Acharya et al. (2007) and Almeida and Campello ( 2007) in a context of simultaneity among firms' financial decisions in a sample of 62 countries.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the level of governance and the financial efficiency of credit unions in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of a positive facial expression of a conventionally attractive model in a static ad on emotional mimicry and product evaluation in print advertising.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between individual traits and the level of everyday sadism in the business area. The paper aims to answer the question: What individual traits are predictive of the level and implications of everydaySadism in business organizations?
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test the concept of social intra-organizational connection (SIC), which represents the degree of inclusion of a focal actor by those of his/her alters who provide frequent interaction (Granovetter, 1973). This type of relational content potentially has a substantive influence on other elements, such as identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the adoption of age management practices by organizations in the context of ageing in organizations. The population is rapidly aging in Brazil, which reinforces the need to think about older workers in the composition of the workforce of the future. However, the current management logic adopted by companies excludes older workers from the labor market.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an updated and extended meta-analytic investigation to evaluate a conceptual framework that includes entrepreneurial orientation (EO), mediators, moderators, methodological moderators, and performance results.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role global mindset plays in the internationalization process of franchisors from an emerging country that is also a late mover in this process (Bartlett & Ghoshal, 2000). Despite the considerable size and importance of the franchise sector for the Brazilian economy, only 138 local franchisor's hold international operations-less than 5 per cent of the total number of franchise systems. Could the lack of global mindset be one explanation for the low level of internationalization among Brazilian franchising firms?
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies based on the construction of a structural model that enables the identification of a structure of relationships between representative variables and efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of Islamic work ethics (IWE) in the employees' organizational commitment and job satisfaction of Islamic banks in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how gender, research experience and geography were related to the authors' importance in the co-authorship network in the management and accounting sciences in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of ownership structure on mergers and acquisitions (M&A) decisions in Brazilian firms, both in relation to the level of concentration of voting rights and to the typology of the main shareholder.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of media coverage of extreme weather events (EWE) and related risk management activities in Brazil to answer the following questions: What aspects of EWE are captured by media coverage, and how media contributes to the perception of risk of those events?
The purpose of this paper is to verify the relationship between the board of directors and the code of business ethics (CBE) of Brazilian publicly traded companies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of advisor gender (male or female) and advisor justification (analytic versus intuitive) on advice taking in managerial decision-making contexts.
The purpose of this paper is to identify expressions and flows of tacit knowledge in unstructured decision processes (UDPs), with the supposition that tacit knowledge is present in all the routines of an UDP. Tacit knowledge was originally described by Polanyi and refers to the part of human knowledge which is difficult to explain. However, it accounts for a considerable portion of human activities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the productivity spillover effects of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the Latin American economies are manifested. Specifically, the article sought to identify the role of foreign presence and government intervention through an industrial policy on total factor productivity (TFP) in Latin American countries, which was divided into technical efficiency change (EC) and technological efficiency change.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether other economic instruments, particularly markets for water use rights, could play a role within Brazil's water management policies, especially to minimize the negative impacts of scarcity events.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influence of the company's reputation and consumer involvement simultaneously on the relationship between consumer satisfaction, loyalty and willingness to pay (WTP).
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the studies about the performance of advocacy coalitions in processes of gradual and transformative institutional change. The study is based on the premise that a public policy is structured by institutions that provide stability and cooperation and is guided by the beliefs and values of hegemonic coalitions. However, not all of the policy's stakeholders will be satisfied with the status quo and may bring about institutional change in a dispute over hegemony.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss notions of what constitutes a case and its various applications, taking into account different epistemologies as well as criteria of rigor and validity.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a perspective to interpret qualitative data that the authors name "Embodied Practice-Based Research". Epistemologically different from the humanist positions of Merleau-Ponty, Noe, Wacquant, and Gherardi, the authors assume a post-humanist positioning aiming at performative methodologies able to produce different knowledge and produce knowledge differently.
The purpose of this paper is to present phenomenography as a methodological alternative that can contribute to organizational studies based on a practice perspective, by analyzing the phenomena from the practitioners' point of view.
Qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) has emerged and gained prominence over the years as a widely embraced research tool for the empirical exploration of the neo-configurational approach. However, despite the surge in the number of studies over the past two decades, demonstrating the shift toward using configurational theories to understand the complexity of organizational phenomena, there are persistent scholarly debates in the literature over the use of QCA to analyze causal complexity. On the one hand, the QCA community advocates QCA as a novel and available tool that is capable of capturing all three principles of causal complexity and is thus the preferred choice for empirically testing configural theories (Fiss, Marx, & Cambre, 2013; Misangyi et al., 2017). On the other hand, scholars have underscored the various pitfalls of using QCA, particularly when contrasting it to conventional quantitative methods. The purpose of this paper is to argue that QCA's deterministic approach and its disregard of probabilistic processes are
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the relevance of detailing the methodological procedures adopted in the transcription in research reports in the management field. This is based on the understanding that many times, and without explanation, the authors describe the interviews as "the interviews were transcribed", but how?
The purpose of this paper is to present and apply the Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) method in the context of empirical research in management by using theBayesian paradigm for the construction of scales. The Bayesian approach is useful for cases in which the data are mixed, i.e. a combination of interval, ordinal or ratio variables and also in the presence of a prior information such as past studies or information gathered from the experience of specialists.
Unveiling performance drivers within and across organizations while providing interesting insights to practitioners is one of the core objectives of management research. In doing so, management scholars have relied on a wide array of methods ranging from in-depth qualitative methods in a single or small selected sample of organizations, to the use of econometric techniques to assess relationships of association or causality between variables of interest. Recently, unique data from within private and public organizations has continued to span novel insights on management and strategy research. This important stream of research has been coined with the term "Insider Econometrics (IE)". The purpose of this paper is to discuss how IE can unveil interesting and unknown organizational phenomena by applying advanced econometric techniques to highly detailed datasets from a single (or small group of) companies, which are not publicly available.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concepts and applications of multilevel modeling for longitudinal data, and to discuss the main advantages and disadvantages of these models.
Measurement of attitudes is a topic of keen interest in the social sciences and related fields. The origins of measurement stem from the work of social psychologists in the 1920s and 1930s that raised the topic to a higher level of empiricism and established the foundations of current research in this area. The most widely used, and misused, approaches to measuring attitudes are the Likert-type scales. The purpose of this paper is to provide a practical guide to the novice researcher on development and validation of attitudes measurement scales.
The purpose of this paper is to account for a recent non-mainstream econometric approach using microdata and how it can inform research in business administration. More specifically, the paper draws from the applied microeconometric literature stances in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable.
The purpose of this paper is to present an overview of the Difference-in-Differences (DiD) method, summarized here in terms of some practical recommendations for researchers wishing to apply the method.
The purpose of this paper is threefold. First, it brings evidence of the emergence and prominence of the Social Capital approach over other alternative approaches within the Network Analysis approach in management studies. Second, it portrays the historical evolution of Network Analysis, with emphasis on the major empirical and methodological breakthroughs that led to the emphasis on Social Capital. Third, it recovers the major criticism against the Network analysis mainstream, while highlighting how the mainstream's responses addressed this criticism. Finally, the paper concludes with possible avenues of future developments for Network Analysis and identifies the major obstacles for a full dialogue with alternative approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to look into the influence of the algorithm currently used on scholarly search engines with the aim of proposing improvements so that a more reliable algorithm can help on breaking the hegemony of science.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the influence of the countries' informational environment on accounting information, considering controlled economic factors. Specific objectives of the research are: to detect the characteristics of the companies that explain the behaviour of the stock returns of firms that trade their securities in emerging markets; explain how the adoption of international standards interferes in the relations analysed; and indicate how the level of information opacity affects the explanatory capacity of accounting information in explaining the variations in stock returns in emerging countries.
This paper aims to consolidate the concepts presented on disruptive business models (DBMs) in the literature, elaborating a set of characteristics that conceptualize and qualify a DBM. This is because, despite the existence of research and understanding about DBM, such findings do not accurately reveal the conceptual limit of this subject.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a model that explains and predicts the factors that facilitate and hinder the acceptance and use of mobile devices in the mobile emergency care service (MECS) of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and analyze how operational competencies are developed from the interaction with the relational resources shared in the supply chain, with strategic implications for the proper allocation of resources that can result in superior performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the use of a credit-scoring model combined with a profit scoring model for loan-granting decisions, determining an acceptable credit risk without excessive loss of profitability. The combined use of these approaches may improve the credit concession process by not only lending to clients with the potential to pay off debt but also considering the expected profitability of the operation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the conditions under which hybrid arrangements that contractually combine resources from public authorities and private operators can outperform the polar cases of public bureaus and full privatization in the delivery of a specific subset of public goods that the authors identified as "critical services".
The purpose of this paper is to identify if there is a relationship between entrepreneurship as a career option and job satisfaction and family satisfaction, by comparing entrepreneurs with non-entrepreneurs, to answer the following research question: Does entrepreneurship as an entrepreneurial career choice influence job andfamily satisfaction?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the predictive role of work team identity in explaining the effectiveness of work teams. The central point of the discussion is not in the group member's identification with the team, but in the sharing of the identity constructed by the group members in relation to the team to which they belong.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of gender diversity in the relationship between corporate social responsibility (CSR), corporate governance (CG) and the financial performance of Brazilian public companies.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and study a framework of the antecedent and consequence of the impulse buying through a meta-analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry on its competitiveness, cross-checking it with other countries that have stood out in the global automotive industry, such as South Korea and China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of greenwashing and consumer attitudes and beliefs on the decisions to purchase green products.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on the role of universities in the fight against corruption, and to highlight the role universities can play in this process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the capabilities generated by the use of information and communication technology (ICT) by nonprofit organizations, with a focus on how these tools can improve their ability to achieve their social mission. The authors adopted a conceptual lens inspired by the theory of affordances.
The purpose of this paper is to compare and analyze the job satisfaction, organizational commitment and turnover intention of faculty members, technical-administrative staff and outsourced employees from the Federal University of the State of Rio de Janeiro (UNIRIO).
The purpose of this paper is to validate the theoretical model of Langevin and Mendoza (2012) regarding the effects of the management control system (MCS) on unethical behaviors through perceived organizational justice, organizational commitment and trust in the supervisor, and to identify: what characteristics of MCS increase perceived impartiality; and how the perception of organizational justice reduces managers' propensity to create budgetary slack and manipulate data.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically check and empirically evaluate whether statistically significant differences exist in the structural coefficients found in the financial literacy model's structural relationships, considering the various groups of individuals with different combinations of actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge, and whether the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on high-growth firms (HGFs) and scale-up companies in the context of the Brazilian business environment and to identify gaps in the existing literature and suggest pathways for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: What are the relations between cultural profiles and the economic, environmental and social dimensions [the triple bottom line (3BL) of electricity companies' reporting based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) sustainability framework?
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of normative-regulatory, socio-cultural and economic-financial barriers faced by potential and intentional entrepreneurs, which impede the creation of new organizations and thus contribute to the explanatory debate of the entrepreneurial intent-action gap.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate whether the perceptions of cleanliness and organization of the point of sale, hygiene and training of those who serve the public (service) constitute a base for the perception of the quality of food sold in the street food trade. Competitive models were also tested involving variables in question, with the objective of evaluating the most adequate relationship between perception of quality and healthiness.
The purpose of this paper is to identify factors to be considered in the decision on product customization for a given country; identify the relative importance of these factors; and analyze how the importance of factors differs between Business to Business (B2B) and B2C products.
The purpose of this paper is to verify the influence of monitoring mechanisms on the relationship between CEOs' term of office and discretionary accruals. The motivation of the research lies in discussing the link between the time horizon of the CEO's term ofoffice and its relation to the capacity to develop opportunistic attitudes.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how open-book accounting (OBA) and trust influence relationship satisfaction between suppliers and buyers on the automotive sector supply chain, from the transaction costs economics (TCE) perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a conceptualization of green human resource management (HRM), address workplace-based green HRM practices; shed light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations; and suggest a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green HRm.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effectiveness of an "acclaimed" celebrity endorsement effect in a context where the endorsed object is an aspiring new celebrity. In addition, the authors sought to understand the effects of brand, congruence, charisma, celebrity exposure and celebrity exposure on the effect of the endorsement on spectators' attitudes and behavioral intentions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the tax preference theory of dividends in a sample of 672 Brazilian public firms for the period 1986-2011. The authors documented several changes in the tax legislation of dividends over the sample period and tested their effect on dividend payments using probit and Tobit regression analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of the book-to-market ratio (B/M) ratio and expected future B/M ratio and return on equity (ROE) on explaining Brazilian stock market returns.
The purpose of this paper is to identify possible differences between what is taught in classrooms or discussed in academic conferences and what is involved in the day-to-day practice of asset managers in Brazil and to determine whether a mismatch exists.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate elements that favor or reduce the turnover intention among civil servants in the Federal Executive Branch of the Spanish Government.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of foreign direct investment (FDI) flows in the G-20 countries. The authors use the eclectic paradigm as the dominant approach to test the determinant of FDI and international activities of multinational enterprises (MNEs). The institutional environment of a particular country is considered as a determinant for FDI flows.
The purpose of this paper is to examine if and how international opportunities are related to the internationalization processes of traditional firms. Specifically, the authors look at the relationship between international opportunity source and type of learning opportunity (exploitative vs exploratory), as well as foreign market servicing mode continuation or shift (herein mode continuation and modal shift, respectively).
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the perception of the impact of stricto sensu graduate programs on administration at the Federal University of Bahia (UFBA) on competency, career and income.
The purpose of this paper is to map centering resonance analysis's (CRA's) methodological evolution. CRA is a methodological innovation for case analysis which is being used to infer: the most important words in a speech (either a transcript or a written text); the way in which these words interact between themselves; and the similarity between different texts. Frequently adopted in information and computer sciences, CRA was only recently introduced into management-oriented journals. Yet, there are only some few works published using this method in this area and no Brazilian publication has been found.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the concept of administration of justice as a research field and set out an agenda for future studies that could promote the production of scientific knowledge in this area.
A choice experiment is a survey approach designed to elicit consumer preferences based on hypothetical markets. Choice experiments have been used for a long time to estimate consumer preferences and predict consumer behavior in market and non-market valuation studies. However, researchers are faced with a number of choices when designing a choice experiment. The purpose of this paper is to discuss some of the methodological issues that researchers face when designing choice experiments in non- market value analysis.
People are willing to pay for nonuse or passive use of environmental benefits; however, these benefits are likely to be implicitly treated as zero unless their value is somehow estimated. Because people do not reveal their willingness to pay (WTP) for them through their purchases or by their behavior, the only option for estimating a value is by adopting questionnaire approach. Three questionnaire approaches are commonly used as follows: (1) Open-ended approach (respondent is asked to name the amount) (2) close-ended approaches (respondents are asked whether or not he/she would pay a single specified amount) and (3) sequential bids approach (uses first close-ending approach, then repeats this approach using a higher or lower amount depending on the initial response, and so on, until the decision on final amount is taken). Out of these three, the close-end approach generates a scenario similar to that encountered by consumers in their usual market transactions. The present study discusses a new approach based upon
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of China's marketization process on China's forestry economic growth, and to measure the status of forestry marketization.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal empirically the perceived impact of climate change, human and institutional activities on forest depletion in the Greater Accra Region (GAR) of Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of ultrafine dust (PM2.5) from their leaves and wax layers.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the willingness to pay (WTP) and willingness to accept (WTA) for reforestation for environmental services as valued by local communities in the Shouf Biosphere Reserve in Lebanon.
The Sundarbans mangrove ecosystem is now in captious position and is declining at an alarming rate. It is causing extinction more rapidly than inland tropical forests. The forest is declared as protected area and world heritage site in 1997 by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and hence, it gained immense popularity as a tourist destination for both domestic and international tourists. But unbridled and native anthropogenic avarice is receiving a heavy toll of this ecosystem. The purpose of this paper is to explore the willingness to pay (WTP) for ecosystem services, as a proxy for the conservation of SundarbANS mangroves, and to what extent the policy can be strengthened.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influencing factors on the quality of China's forestry exports to ten developed countries based on the New-New Trade Theory.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of different factors on forestry production, with an aim to explore the degree of connection between forestry economic growth and influencing factors such as forestry investment, labor input, afforestation area, scientific and technologies progress, and the reform of property-rights regimes.
The purpose of this paper is to show a theoretical mechanism that the environmental income drives the economic growth of a large open economy. The authors argue the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative economic income. The more resources can be reproduced, the higher per capita capital stock returns back to reproduction and nation's wealth. The environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discuss the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forest area changes, and propose the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of forestry land changes in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss city residents' future preferences and needs for making the improvement of Beijing's urban forest, and to explore their willingness to pay (WTP) for the improvement.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of insurance policy on forest insurance policy in China. In China, forest insurance is a popular way to reduce losses of forestry disasters, and forest insurance has been implemented in many countries, such as USA, Germany, Spain, Spain (Barreal et al., 2014), Portugal (Pinheiro and Ribeiro, 2013) and so on. With the significance of forest insurances, it is necessary to research on the strategy of forest insurance to expand the coverage rate further.
The purpose of this paper is to clarify the role of big data in China's sustainable forest management. Forest management is a complex system (ecological, economic and social) that involves massive data and various management activities, including those focused on the ecology of the ecosystem or on the economics of forest businesses. Big data generally refers to massive volumes of data not readily handled by the usual data tools and practices and presents unprecedented opportunities for advancing science and informing resource management through data-intensive approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate a simple one-to-one supply chain in which the supplier has multiplicative uncertain supply and the producer faces cyclical market demand. In the centralized decision-making, it works out the optimal decision of supply, however, there is a difference between the supply of the supplier and the order quantity of the producer. Both of them aim at maximizing their own profit, so the double marginal effect emerged. To solve the problem, a contract is proposed.
This study examines the historical cyclic pattern between globalization and deglobalization by Jones (2005), reviewing the ongoing debates in terms of origin, extension and consequences. The purpose of this study is to investigate the current degLobalization.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of organizational transformation as a determinant of corporate hospitality and its effect on corporate sustainability. This research was carried out at PT Pelabuhan Indonesia 1 Persero (Pelindo 1), one of the ports in Indonesia which is located in outer islands which make it directly adjacent to the high sea.
This study attempts to look at the relationship between corporate governance and risk management of Indonesian banks. This study is contributing to the existing little literature. While bank risk management was measured by four risks that can be measured quantitatively: operational risk, market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions on economic growth and development in India. It also examines the role of foreign direct investment (FDI) as a key determinant of environmental sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors that influence software and service exports from India both positively and negatively. Such a study is important to understand in depth the impact of each determinant on software export, for formulation of policy measures for sustainability and competitiveness of the Indian IT industry.
This research aims to empirically examine the roles of foreign direct investment (FDI, financial development, democracy and political instability on the growth of the West African subregion.
The purpose of this paper is to review issues and challenges regarding development finance, using literature survey and case study, to show what has been done so far on the development finance particularly on the blended financing including blended insurance. Blended finance is a strategic development finance for mobilization of additional finance towards sustainable development in developing countries.
This study examines the possibility of active participation in waste separation through the investigation of the external and internal stimuli of targeted household in parts of China where 190 million tons of municipal solid waste (MSW) is produced, which accounts for 29% of the world's MSW. Public policy is a very important driving force to trigger people's environmental behavioral change. However, even with a strong authority like China trying to enforce waste separation policies, the separation of waste is not happening at the ground level. According to the ABC theory (attitude, behavior and conditions), closer facilitating condition will result in high participation rates, independent of attitudes, while inadequate accessibility will result on low participation rate despite the positive attitude toward waste separation.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the nexus between financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth in the BRICS economies. The main rationale behind pursuing this objective is to show how BRICS countries can benefit from development of financial sector and liberalization of financial services.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the motivation behind the construction of China's partnership network. The authors argue that at least three factors have been driving the evolution of the network: the necessity of countering the US pressure; the requirement of maintaining peace and stability along its borders; and the desire to achieve the long-term goal of modernization.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of foreign debt from the perspective of the policy-making power dynamics between the executive and the legislature, a relatively understudied area for political scientists. The authors conceptualize foreign debt as a product of an interaction between re-election-minded executives and congressional legislators, assuming that both pursue distributive or particularistic politics to stay in office longer.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between software and services export, information technology (IT) investment and Gross Domestic Product (GDP) nexus in India using the VECM framework.
The purpose of this paper is to ask which of the four possible paths in the immediate and mid-term future of the European Union (EU) are most likely to unfold. In order to answer this question the author will use strategic interaction analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse international political economy (IPE) thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods.
The purpose of this paper is to offer an explanation of the underlying cause of the Sino-US trade war. In an effort to make sense of the trade war, the paper draws the insights from two international relations theories - i.e. hegemonic stability theory (HST) and power transition theory (PTT). Its central thesis is that "US fear" about its declining hegemony and China's rapid rise as a challenger of US hegemony is driving a US-launched trade war with China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change-induced flood on the urban infrastructure in Bangladesh. The study aims to identify the exposure of urban infrastructure to climate change in the case of monsoon flood in Bangladesh, which will directly affect infrastructure, livelihoods, agriculture environment and people.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality of forest habitat in response of habitat structure, composition and several ecological factors. The main scope of the study is to clarify the forest patch wise elephant habitat suitability measurement under PFD. For that purpose, the study investigates forest landscape and its ecological phenomenon related to the elephant habitat performance in the study area.
Groundwater is the primary source of water for domestic, agricultural and industrial uses in many countries. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the hydrochemical quality of groundwater in the Ardabil aquifer in order to assess the suitability of the waters for different uses.
The purpose of this paper is to model and predict mammalian herbivore species relative abundance and distribution in semi-arid savanna Gonarezhou National Park (GNP), south eastern Zimbabwe.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of Piper betle extract (P. betle) as a plant-origin piscicide to enhance the growth performance of juvenile tilapia under static exposure.
Rooftop gardening is regarded as a part of urban farming with potential to solve food security problems. The purpose of this paper is to assess urban rooftop farming from an economic point of view; the study on this topic is for recording people's attitude toward rooftop gardening in Dhulikhel area.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the existing problems faced by Pakistani women farmers in agriculture sector for the sake of sustainable management of natural resources. It has concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the factors that influence the intention of households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review on the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediment of Peninsular Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the probability of rip current occurrence at selected recreational beaches along Pahang coastline.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the carbon footprint of the whole life cycle of the textile industry and the carbon emission reduction of China's textile industry, so as to improve the environmental value of products and then put forward suggestions for energy conservation and emission reduction.
The purpose of this paper is to examine avian diversity in residential and forested areas in Terengganu, West Peninsular Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita using a quantile regression method.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the profitability and optimal debt ratio of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area and to identify the factors that affect it.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of environmental, social and governance (ESG) scores on portfolio performance in Europe and Turkey. This study also investigates the impact of ESG scores on the performance of the portfolios of European and Turkish investors.
This comparative study is intended to offer a contribution to the literature relating to return predictability on various accounts: (1) the authors undertake a cross-sectional comparison between emerging and developed markets to analyse whether the nature of the predictability differs across these groups, (2) they extend the existing empirical evidence to encompass data which reflects more recent developments which significantly impacted on financial markets, and (3) they present empirical evidence which may be used to attain a more thorough interpretation of current perspectives regarding the links between predictability and market efficiency.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the capital structure of firms in an Islamic equity index with a special emphasis on the differences between developed and developing country firms.
Intermediary institutions (IIs) are one of the most significant institutions holding a key role in the financial system and Borsa Istanbul (BIST), which is Turkish stock exchange and a developing capital market. Since the efficient and well-productive IIs carry this market further and support the development of the economic growth, the efficiency and productivity analysis play a crucial role in order to determine the improvement areas of IIs and generate a roadmap for the sector. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the efficiency of Turkish IIs between 2008 and 2018.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of the implementation of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. It undertakes an in-depth examination of the progress towards implementation in the case of the European Union (EU). It also provides policy implications for policymakers and practitioners.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of cash dividends on the market value of banks listed on Middle East and North Africa (MENA) stock markets over the period of 2000-2015 by employing residual income model.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the core of the argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance (Lorsch, 2000). The paper is a contribution to a specific discussion on sustainability, stakeholder Management, capital markets and corporate governance.
- The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of political instability driven by the Tunisian revolution on the relationship between Google search queries index and financial market dynamics.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of the Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB) in determining the difference between Bitcoin and energy commodities. In particular, the authors analyze the impact of the monetary policy stance of the two central banks on the relationship between the DCC and the price of Bitcoin.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate popular cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of board diversity in improving corporate governance (CG) through its impact on the role-effectiveness of FTSE 350 companies' boards.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether Fama-French risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking underlying common-risk factors using cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) frameworks of Chang et al. (2000) and Galariot et al.'s (2015).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of stock market liberalization (SML) on the cost of capital, as one of the vital factors for stock market development in emerging Islamic countries (EIC).
The purpose of this paper is to empirically look at whether quarterly earnings announcements have information content and how the informativeness of these announcements has changed over the 2007-2017 using a broad sample comprised of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether and how structural changes in stocks' past returns impose significant impacts on financial analysts' earnings forecasts. Specifically, the authors aim to answer a research question: whether financial analysts are homogeneously rational in using stocks' Past returns information.
The purpose of this paper is to differentiate between sentiment and mood. Sentiment and mood have been used as behavioral concepts to explain irrational deviations from intrinsic values. However, they have not been differentiated from each other in prior research.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive analysis of the performance of Turkish pension funds in terms of design and performance provided by the Turkish pension fund industry.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether directors' and officers' liability insurance (D&O insurance) has an influence on stock price crash risk in Taiwan because of lack of such research in emerging Asian markets.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the connections between equity trading activity and five business-specific characteristics: market capitalisation (CAP), dividend yield (DY), earnings yield (EY), growth rate (GR) and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently (YRS). These linkages are assessed through a sample of equities assembled from four European markets: the London Stock Exchange, the Madrid Stock exchange, the Malta Stock Exchange and the Vienna Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to examine both the socially responsible investment (SRI) fund performance and factors influencing their performance using fund specific, market and style factors.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method to design sparse eigenportfolios and present its merit by using market data. It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the subspace (Max, 1960; Lloyd-Max, 1982; Akansu and Haddad, 1992).
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new approach for executing large-scale processes on a blockchain network.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the magnet effect of price limits on overnight returns in Bursa Malaysia, an emerging market that employs a very wide price limit.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the volatility spillover between migration policy uncertainty index (MI) and stock markets of UK, France, Germany, France and USA.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that accounting for the externalities and the public goods that are at stake in the design and operation of the financial system needs to be reformed in order to support the shift towards a sustainable financial system.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run relationship between the underlying and futures prices of crude palm oil (CPO) in Malaysia. Cointegrated prices are efficient prices that reflect newly announced information on the same day as the event; otherwise, the market is inefficient.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that secrecy surrounding the tax affairs of corporations should be dissolved and all large corporations subject to tax should be required to make their tax returns and related documents publicly available. The purpose is to provide transparency, enhance competition, enable investors to make meaningful assessments of future cash flows and risks and enhance public accountability by empowering parliamentary committees to ask searching questions of tax authorities and corporate indulgence in tax avoidance.
The purpose of this paper is to critically reflect upon academic literature and research in the area of efficient markets and related regulatory policy. The concern is to consider what the literature and literature imply for policy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the financial performance for intermediary institutions based on multi-criteria decision making method using Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution method.
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a complex and multifaceted concept and comprises a broad range of activities of the firm with its various stakeholders. However, different aspects of CSR are often correlated. A study, which analyzes the impact of only one of these aspects in isolation from other aspects may document a relationship between the included aspect and a measure of performance, however, the true driver of superior performance can be an omitted dimension. The purpose of this paper is to address this problem by using three granular measures of three different granular ESG issues.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze aggregate- and city-level house price spillovers between USA-UK and New York-London housing markets over the period 1975Q1-2016Q1.
The purpose of this paper is to explore whether oil markets are efficient and whether the oil spot and oil futures markets are effectively connected. This is an important issue for a wide spectrum of market participants ranging from producers and consumers of oil, to speculators, arbitragers, risk-reducing hedgers, professional and individual investors, traders, and policy makers.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the inferences we may or may not be able to draw from statistical studies of financial reports and secondary markets for equity of public firms. The focus on equity markets should not be taken to suggest that the role of financial reporting in other markets is unimportant. Nor does it imply that "better markets," however defined, necessarily lead to higher welfare or a better society.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the meaning of sustainability in relation to socially responsible investing and reporting, and how it is used by companies to describe their sustainability practices.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effects of readability in the context of risk disclosures, which became part of the required SEC registrants' disclosures since 2005. This regulation requires registrants to disclose risks "[...] that may adversely affect the issuer's business, operations, industry, or financial position, or its future financial performance" (Securities and Exchange Commission, 2004, 2005).
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of US-based diversified emerging market equity and bond funds during January 2000 and May 2017 period. To assess the performance of the mutual funds, this study examines the fund managers' efforts for searching alpha in their portfolios.
The purpose of this paper is to identify a set of fairly reliable statistical tools which signal that the market is changing its mood from a bullish rally to a major bearish tone or vice versa. In other words; major reversal days are characterized by extreme outliers.
The purpose of this paper is to present an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crashes and their causes, and highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses in the future.
The creation of domain ontologies is a daunting task and one of the major reasons ontologies are not widely adopted in knowledge representation is the difficulty of creating them. The purpose of this paper is to explore how crowdsourcing techniques can be used to enhance and hasten ontology development.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that the change of individual relationship in crowd-intelligence network is the embodiment of individual intelligence in crowd network and to design a simulation scheme for this idea. The authors propose a novel simulation framework for crowd co-evolutions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the intrinsic rewards of experts by analyzing the knowledge exchange behavior of social professionals on Zhihu Lives, an online knowledge payment platform.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a novel steady-state maintenance simulation framework for crowd network multi-source information dissemination system based on the mature information fusion model to simulate the stability of crowd network system.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a blockchain and IoT-based architecture design for intellectual property (IP) protection. IP protection is a category of property that includes the intangible creation of human individuals or crowd intellect, such as intangible knowledge, ideas or crafts. Traditional IP protection requires a high degree of professionalism and usually requires practitioners with professional background and familiarity with relevant laws and regulations. Limited by the problems of cost and institutional settings, there are large gaps in IP practitioners and serious shortage of manpower.
With the rapid development of crowd science, the crowd network gradually enters people's vision. Crowd network is the relationship network of many intelligent agents, their relatives, friends, business and government affairs. Different from swarm intelligence, crowd network can support more interactive modes of different depth and breadth between intelligent individuals. The crowd network is in a three-dimensional superposition space of deep integration of physical space, consciousness space and information space. It conforms to the interaction and influence of matter, information and consciousness of different laws of motion, which makes the behavior of the agent show a broader uniform and opposite characteristics, as shown in Figure 1. Therefore, the intelligent measurement of crowd networks is very important. The purpose of this paper is to propose a meta measurement of intelligence with crowd network.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the characteristics of netizens' online political deliberation and its effect on the effectiveness of government response.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the correlation and volatility between bitcoin and the blockchain index. The blockchain index is composed of 50 of the most representative blockchain concept stocks, which not only reflects the overall appearance and operation of blockchain concept stock but also is used as the scale and standard for investors. Because of the close relationship between the blockchain and bitcoin, we expect that the price fluctuations in bitcoin affect the stock price of the blockchain Index to some extent and vice versa.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the big five (BF) traits (conscientiousness, conscientiousness, extroversion, agreeableness, neuroticism, openness and conscientiousness) and output quality of crowd workers' work performance in crowdsourcing.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the feasibility and practicality of linking the three areas together, namely, multi-agent system, federated learning (FL) and blockchain.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment using MySQL replication technique. The paper aims to discuss this issue in detail.
The purpose of this paper is to carry out a structured overview of the extant literature on the economic impacts of the internet on firm development. The paper aims to show how the internet affects firm development and may help policymakers and other researchers to have a better knowledge of existing research characteristics and problems.
Crowd network simulations have the characteristics of dynamic and diversified. At the same time, the population of simulation members is large, the simulation scale is large and the complexity of the overall simulation environment is very high. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel architecture for crowd network simulations based on reflective memory-based architecture.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a crowdtesting methodology for testing mobile devices on a larger number of devices by several external users with different behaviors to ensure the quality of their mobile apps.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel simulation framework for crowd co-decision simulation, which mainly focuses on social public decision-making problems, study the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and the final results and discuss the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone).
Crowd science and engineering is a new interdisciplinary direction to study the principles, laws, methods, techniques and related engineering applications of the ternary fusion system about information, physics and society in a large-scale interconnected online environment. The crowd system is a kind of crowd science research system based on the connection and composition of several units. The networked structure formed by the cooperation of a large number of service units is the service internet. It is a complex service networked application form in the internet, which is integrated as integrated services across domains/networks/world. And it also provides various business services. In the multi-service cross-domain interconnection integration and collaboration, to meet user needs, realize user expectations, improve service provider value, and continuously optimize and improve service quality, the support platform like service internet is necessary. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to introduce the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of service internet to better support the construction and development
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm based on variational inference to improve the performance of collaborative filtering algorithms.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolution of information diffusion over social networks from the perspective of information characteristics, diffusion characteristics analysis, diffusion dynamics and stability analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to design a novel multivariate regression algorithm RegBoost with reference to gradient boosted decision tree (GBDT). RegBoost divides the training data into two branches according to the prediction results using the current weak predictor. The linear regression modeling is recursively executed in two branches. In the test phase, test data are distributed to a specific branch to continue with the next weak predictor, and the final result is the sum of all weak predictors.
The purpose of this paper is to compare two research methods and compare the differences between them from the perspective of methodology and hope to put forward a new method to combine theory-driven with data-driven to study crowd science, with the aim of improving efficiency of the transaction, making all parties involved in the transaction taking full advantage of the online information to meet their needs.
The ecological structure of crowd network refers to the specialized division of labor and collaboration among intelligent agents on macro level, which is an organizational form of future networked industry. Ecological structure is one of the important factors that affect the efficiency of networked co-operations. The purpose of this paper is to propose an evolution simulation framework for ecological structure evolution of crowd networks.
Microtask crowdsourcing has attracted interest from researchers, businesses and government as a means to leverage human computation into their activities in a fast, accurate and affordable way. In the last ten years, we have seen it applied to anything from spotting sarcasm on social media to discovering new galaxies and helping digitise large cultural heritage collections. However, some problems are less amenable to microtasking and need to be turned into bespoke microtask workflows; the performance of the crowd varies across tasks; and determining which answers are the most useful ones can be both complex and computationally expensive. It is on this last aspect, determining the correct answers, that the authors focus on in this paper. The purpose of this paper is to focus on inferring the correct answer for a classification task, one of the most popular type of crowdsourcing tasks.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce business entropy to analyze crowd network's intelligence level so that the correlation between professional category of the crowd subjects and crowd networks' intelligence level can be described.
The purpose of this paper is to study the transaction credit model based on the unstructured crowd transaction network. The model has to address the defects of current models on existing e-commerce platforms, including the one-sided measurement, low accuracy and insufficient anti-aggression solutions.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an Adaptive Information Sharing Approach for Crowd Networks (AISCN approach) to explore the optimized information-sharing pattern for crowd networks based on the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a community-based framework for minimizing the influence of dynamic rumor (CoF-MIDR) based on community structure.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a comprehensive data management and analytic approach for General Society Survey (GSS) data set based on a set of data mining algorithms. The approach can explore hidden patterns from the data set, which can be interpreted as knowledge.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an anomaly detection method to improve the intelligent level of smart articles based on multiple group correlation probability models.
Community Question Answering (CQA) is a Web-based service that leverages the "wisdom of crowds" in which people can seek information by asking a question and simultaneously share knowledge by providing answers on questions asked by the rest of the community. The purpose of this paper is to depict the current trends and highlight the areas that require further attention from the research community on expert recommendation in CQA.
The purpose of this paper is to propose rim chain as a new kind of interconnection architecture. Rim chain is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. The digital-self is the core in the rim chain network; it maps people, things, organizations and enterprises from the physical world to the digital world.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the current status and key research issues in the knowledge payment field.
The purpose of this paper is to build the cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion system and propose the methodology of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network in order to realize the interaction, cooperation and evolution of various Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the prediction role of feeling of injustice on network social mobilization and the mediating role of anger and resentment on the relationship between feeling of justice and network social mobilized.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce an epidemic model to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The authors introduce the epidemic models from epidemiology and the evolutionary dynamics of the natural ecological systems to analyze the information diffusion process over the social networks.
The purpose of this paper is to present a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. According to the nature of smart contract, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the notion and general concept of collective hybrid intelligence (CHI) as a new complementary computing and automation concept. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans' and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a new map matching algorithm (MMA) based on priority rule (MMPR) for low sampling frequency vehicle navigation data.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new dynamic prediction model of cardiovascular disease (CVD) using improved long short-term memory (LSTM) by smoothing the irregular time between different medical stages of the patient to obtain the temporal feature vector.
The purpose of this paper is to review the definition of transaction and transaction mode, analyze the driving forces of the evolution of them and develop and summarize the definition and characteristics of intelligent transaction and intelligent transaction mode in the crowd intelligence network.
The purpose of this paper is to study the perspectives and challenges of crowdsourcing for search engines. The paper aims to discuss the possible perspectives and also challenges of incorporating humans (i.e. Web users) into information retrieval, validation and evaluation processes.
 verification, validation and accreditation (VV&A) is a significant mean to improve the credibility of simulations, especially during large-scale simulations. It is successfully affirmed in various studies of large- scale simulations to accredit and validate simulations results. The purpose of this paper is to review the origin and development of these techniques and provide an excellent review and details of current verification and validation techniques and frameworks.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationships between gamification and motivational needs in technology design. Specifically, the authors draw upon motivational affordances theory to understand the motivational influences of gamification design.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the actual causes of increasing unlicensed electric taxi (E-taxi) and its extent in the Pabna municipal city of Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a real-time vision-based heart rate (HR) measurement framework that can detect human HR from normal webcams. HR measurement for home nursing assistance requires not only the accurate HR value, but also timeliness and user-friendliness. Such HR measurement frameworks should be capable of measuring elder people's HR when interacting with them in daily scenes to keep aware of their physical health and emotional states.
The purpose of this paper is to use historical data to predict the road surface temperature (RST) of the expressway, which can give a fair warning to traffic management departments and drivers to reduce the accident rate and ensure the normal operation of theexpressway.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel mobile devices compatibility testing approach for mobile devices and apps that is demonstrated as a web-based crowdtesting platform, named AskCrowd2Test.
The purpose of this paper is to make an opinion mining research on user online reviews and primary research studies the features in the reviews and takes the implicit features into account, to achieve a more complete extraction of review features.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how to use the graphical evolutionary game theory (EGT) to analyze the static state and the dynamics of information diffusion on social networks.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between electroencephalogram (EEG) data and elderly's response time (RT) in response to attentional task (Stroop color task) and behavioral index of attention (attention level).
The purpose of this paper is to apply biclustering algorithm to extract rules from microarray data. The objective is to find the useful rules or knowledge hidden in the data.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as QTC (quality-time-complexity) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the noise data in environmental informatics which is collected while logging from various sensing devices. It has been observed that there is a possibility of some missing data or some incoherent noise intervention at the time of collecting environmental data from different types of logging devices. The irregular spatio-temporal sampling and nature of P make the problem significantly different from the missing data problems in other data acquisition systems. Mobile phones are not meant to be used for dedicated sensing, thus negotiating sampling rates (and intervals) with heterogeneous set of users may not work here. Therefore, estimation of missing data samples is required such that the data remain valuable.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how software development behaviour data can be used to assess students' programming and soft skills. As agile software development (ASD) involves many human factors reflecting developers' personal characteristics compared with other plan-driven methodologies, the authors focus on tracking students' activities in the process.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically and comprehensively analyze the e-participation research literature retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy and propose corresponding policy recommendations for the government governance of the sharing Economy.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a data management and analytic approach for disability data based on a set of data mining algorithms. The approach can improve the quality of disability big data, and then explore useful information from it. These information been explored can help professionals making policies and decisions to improve the wellbeing of disable population.
Crowdsource-based open innovation (COI) is the process by which enterprises crowdsource users to participate in open innovation tasks on Web 2.0 platforms to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. The purpose of this paper is to analyze COI and discuss the following issues: the key parties in innovation tasks and their interactions; and the value-co-creation mechanism of innovation and the realization of open innovation by integrating internal and external resources.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as quality-time-complexity (QTC) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality (EAR).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of crowdsourcing from a theoretical perspective. This paper aims to provide an overview of the concept, its definition, the reasons for crowdsourcing and its application in organizations. The paper also aims to explore how crowdsourcing can be used in organizations to overcome human resource bottlenecks. It also attempts to identify the factors that influence crowdsourcing.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systemic overview of knowledge management (KM) by providing a deep theoretical review and analysis of KM from different perspectives.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current visiting conditions and prepare management plans for future expansion to accommodate the expected number of visitors within specific locations at Al-Masjid an-Nawabi in the city of Medina, Saudi Arabia.
The purpose of this paper is to present a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent.
As main mode of modern service industry and future economy society, the research on crowd network can greatly facilitate governances of economy society and make it more efficient, humane, sustainable and at the same time avoid disorders. Simulation is the main means to put forward related research studies. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel reflective memory-based framework toward crowd network simulations.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an improved algorithm for personalized recommendation on Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs). The authors combine the basic idea of collaborative filtering (CF) with the attributes of MOOC videos' structure's feature to propose a new algorithm of personalized recommendation.
The purpose of this paper is to study the decisions of middlemen about the division of labor in e-commerce transaction system. The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. Meanwhile, the authors consider the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices.
The purpose of this paper is to use the New Empirical Industrial Organization (NEIO) theory, measure the market power and scale flexibility of internet industry and discuss the relationship between market power, scale economy and welfare loss.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a new agriculture architecture to realize an agricultural production trading with convenient operation, accurate delivery, intelligent remind, transparent production, dynamic price and transparent trading.
The purpose of this paper is to present a systematic approach that projects the offline population distribution in fixed geographical regions by modeling the geo-homophily of online social network (OSN) users' communication in OSN.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is a fast-growing industry targeted to transform cities, farms, factories, homes and practically everything else to be more intelligent and efficient. Low-Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) is an emerging technology in the current market, which is an LPWAN solution intended for the systems, which require the ability to send and receive low amounts of data over a range of 2-20 km with low power costs. The purpose of this paper is to propose a blockchain-based trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used to share data between end nodes, gateways, network servers and application servers.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an AI-empowered smart pillbox system that provides context-aware reminders for medication adherence.
The timing information of medical event can help to track the development of patients' medical condition, determine the causes of diseases, detect the roles of drugs and adverse reactions, which can improve the disease cure effect and predict disease progression. However, existing studies barely considered temporal information when extracting useful medical knowledge from online medical data. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from onlinemedical data.
The rapid development of urbanization in China has caused a string of problems such as population congestion, resource shortages and environmental degradation. Therefore, the city needs to seek a sustainable development pattern to save resources for its future development. As the basic elements for human survival and urban development, the supply and consumption of water-energy-food (WEF) become the top priority, and they also have numerous interconnections in the process of production, consumption and management, which could be called WEF nexus. The purpose of this paper is to introduce the agent-based model (ABM), simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF allocation and flow in the city.
The purpose of this paper is to present new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on material conscious information network (MCIN) models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the MCIN modeling.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a machine learning-based approach to enable agents to learn from human task allocation strategies in crowdsourcing to obtain near-optimal solutions.
The parent-child relationship is the first and one of the most long-lasting relationships in an individual's social life. Facing the population ageing problem, it is increasingly important to understand this relationship, especially between aged parents and their adult children. The purpose of this paper is to propose a role conflict model based on the quantitative family role conflict and ambivalence testing scale to explain the relationship between the parents and adult children in the context of traditional families.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on a holographic personalized portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own personalized portal, through which all the interactions are completed.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept and research framework of crowd science and engineering (CSE). CSE aims to build the mental models of network for various intelligent agents (individuals, enterprises, governments and things), so as to enable all intelligent agents in cyber space to reflect individuals, enterprises and governments in the real world comprehensively, authentically, correctly and simultaneously.
The purpose of this paper is to present an approach based on cyber-anima to model the material conscious information network (MCIN), which is a large-scaled, open-styled, self-organized and ecological intelligent network.
The purpose of this paper is to present preliminary experimental results on a large-scale experiment on a cyber-physical hybrid discussion support environment in a panel discussion session in an international conference where participants can discuss by using the online discussion support system and by physical communications as usual.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the concept of crowd wisdom for working as the brain of manufacturing. In the blueprint of future industries, crowd wisdom would surely drive the development of intelligent manufacturing. Intelligent manufacturing is the development and implementation of intelligent machine in manufacturing.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the task of keyword extraction and its applications on massive open online course (MOOC) resources. Keyword extraction from MOOC resources may face several difficulties: obtaining labeled training data set is extremely expensive, as usually domain expertise is required; and the volume of data is usually large and the textual styles are various. Despite those difficulties, once keywords are well extracted, many subsequent applications are feasible, e.g. construction of course-specific and domain-specific concept map, management of cross-domain concepts, knowledge discovery from crowd and even personalized learning by mining learners' behaviors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the motivation mechanism of gamification in crowdsourcing projects. Gamification refers to the use of gameplay mechanisms in non-gaming contexts to encourage desired behaviors. Many scholars and practitioners have applied this approach in several contexts such as education, health, project management, environment protection, outsourcing and software development, but the process or mechanism via which these game elements can have an impact on user participation is barely mentioned in these frameworks. This paper aims to fill these gaps.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a divide-and-combine (DAC) approach for generating instances of Trail Making Test (TMT) that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the route that the candidates of the Portuguese Millennial generation follow, and the communication channels that they use - from the moment that they recognise that they have to search for a job, up until they receive a response regarding whether they have been selected, or not. By doing so, this study proposes a new concept which is designated the "job search journey". The job search journey aims to describe the various contact points that exist between candidates and companies throughout the job search process.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the antecedents to enactment and how endogenous and constant reinvention of environmental conditions can short-circuit organizational sensemaking in wildland firefighting. The authors examine the collapse of sensemaking at Yarnell Hill, the 2013 wildfire that killed 19 inter-agency hotshot crew members.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the serial mediation effect of perceived internal employability and affective commitment on the relationship between organisational practices of competences development and turnover intentions.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to furthering the literature on the subject of recruitment effectiveness, by complementing it with marketing insights, especially with regards digital marketing.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent of frailty and geriatric conditions in people living in a hostel, drawing comparisons with general population surveys. The study also tests different frailty scales and the feasibility of conducting a comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA-type) in this setting.
The purpose of this paper is to compare self-rating scores on the Massachusetts General Hospital Cognitive and Physical Functioning Questionnaire (CPFQ) with the Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) in patients with major depressive disorder. The CPFQ was developed to assess seven common complaints of depressed patients regarding fatigue and cognitive problems.
The main objective of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of burnout syndrome and its associated factors among medical students in Jazan University, Saudi Arabia. The present study identified several factors associated with burnout.
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) is a progressive and irreversible loss of kidney function over a long period and sufficiently severe to require maintenance dialysis or kidney transplantation to maintain health or life. The purpose of this paper is to estimate the prevalence of depression and its associated risk factors among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia.
Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder with a prevalence of 1:68 in children. The diagnosis process requires massive history taking from the caregiver together with time-consuming clinical observation by experienced clinicians. The purpose of this paper is to develop a prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a serious condition involving profound impairment of the physical and psychological well-being of patients. Kidney transplantation (KT) is considered the treatment of choice for most of these patients. However, the data on the improvement of psychological impairments after successful KT is less conclusive. The purpose of this paper is to compare kidney-transplant patients receiving living-donor (LD) kidney transplants with patients receiving cadaveric-transplanted organs.
- The purpose of this paper is to report a case of Iatrogenic delirium developed on a symptom-triggered alcohol withdrawal protocol.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of 12-week group psychotherapy combined with yoga exercises intervention psychological well-being, stress perception and quality of life in mental health professionals to verify its acceptability and efficacy.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been shown to be an efficacious and well-tolerated therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of RNA genotyping in the development of personalized TMS for the treatment of patients with MDD and OCD.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a pulmonary embolism (PE) associated with use of chlorpromazine in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficacy of nature-based mindfulness training with regard to the perception of work-related stress by people who have a high level of stress-levels.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze depressive symptomatology among nursing students of the University of Palermo and to identify the copious variables associated with this status, variables that have to be known to intervene and prevent the important consequences that can manifest in young people who are depressed.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of accounting conservatism in mitigating uncertainty in business environments.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of corporate governance (CG) mechanisms on intellectual capital efficiency (ICE) in Islamic banks (IBs) of Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the factors influencing corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosures in Nepalese banks. This study also investigates the relationship between CSR disclosure and the different dimensions of CSR disclosures.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of forward-looking information disclosure (FLI) disclosure ( FLI) in the annual reports of publicly traded firms in Bangladesh. The study also explores the association between firm characteristics and FLI disclosure.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of managerial ownership on bank value of conventional and Islamic banks operating in Bangladesh.
The main objective of the company, in common, is to achieve the most significant profits. The company aims to gain the maximum profit, and this can be done by multiplying the volume of production or the operation. One of the essential portions of production, trading and providing service is the working capital. Therefore, companies provide liquidity for working capital to achieve business continuity. This paper aims to explain the relationship between accounting and finance through measuring the effect of working capital management on profitability and discussing the financial managers' responsibility.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of innate accruals quality on the future market value moderated by dividend policy. This research uses a modified H model to measure the future prospect.
The aim of this paper is to examine the relative influence of regulatory enhancements and attributes relating to corporate governance and business traits on performance of Malaysian listed companies. The paper is based on the expectation that given the continuous enhancements made to the Malaysian Code of Corporate Governance (MCCG) beginning in 2000 and revisions in 2007 and 2012, companies would be sensitized to apply the essence or spirit of the guidelines rather than adopting a box-ticking approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of audit committee's (AC) independence and competence on the company's investment decision-making in Bahraini-listed companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention in Indonesia's National Government Internal Auditor (BPKP).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the behavioral dimensions of nonperforming loans (NPLs) by the standpoint of behavioral dimensions to uncover the motivation of loan nonpayment in Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate to what extent adoption of principle-based International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) can guarantee intercompany comparability of operating performance ensuring intracompany and intercompany consistency in the application of accounting methods in financial reporting.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of earnings persistence, earnings power and equity valuation on equity valuation in consumer goods firms listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (BEI).
The purpose of this paper is to propose components to develop a whistleblowing culture that encourages whistleblowing among employees that is suitable for a developing nation such as Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between sustainability disclosure (SD) and earnings informativeness (EI) of Sri Lankan listed firms.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of mandatory adoption of international financial reporting standards (IFRS) on the relevance quality of financial reporting in deposit money banks (DMBs) of Nigeria.
This study focuses on whether and how organizational ethical climate affects the perceived workplace bullying in Chinese audit firms, specifically in the perception of new entrants to the auditing profession.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the function of Audit and Governance Committee (AGC) in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the use and benefit of management accounting practices (MAPs) in Libyan oil companies, both fully owned and joint ventures.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the impact of the innovative teaching pedagogy adopted by the author in teaching the Financial Reporting Analysis (FRA) and Financial Reporting and Cost Management (FRCM) courses on the satisfaction of the participants in an Indian Business School.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the market response to the timing of earnings announcements during and after the trading hours in the context of both good and bad news in the Indian context. The authors also investigate the relationship between the timing and the earnings surprise.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of non-performing loans (NPLs) in the banking sector in developing state of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the power and reliability of Basu's conservatism metric to capture the differences in conservatism following earnings restatements in an emerging market like the Tehran Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on intellectual capital disclosure (ICD) which shall be analyzed based on agency theory.
The purpose of this paper is to use machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. The authors use the term "anomaly" instead of "fraud" for the main theme of this study.
The purpose of this paper is to provide empirical evidence on the skills and knowledge that a management accountant should possess across different market segments of Sri Lanka. This study also examines the demand for selected skill set in demand for management accounting professionals.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the financial performance of China's telecoms industry using principal component analysis (PCA) approach to assess the performance of these companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of intellectual capital and its components (human capital efficiency, structural capital efficiency and capital employed efficiency) on bank diversification strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the extensive use of financing logic has changed Islamic microfinance institutions (IMFs) from focusing on both development and financial objectives to only their primary mission of poverty alleviation. The paper aims to shed some lights on the process of poverty mission drifting or abandoning poverty objective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of entrepreneurship-based learning (EBL) to improve students' understanding of partnership accounting. EBL is part of experiential learning, the student-centered learning methods, and a systematic and goal-oriented method.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of corporate governance (CG) on the cost of equity (COE) in the cement sector's enterprises, listed on Pakistan stock exchange for a sample period of 2012-2017.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze marketability in sharia banking industry, test its effect on profitability and find the effects mediated by mudharabah and musharakah.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between board characteristics and corporate environmental reporting (CER) in Nigeria. The study aims to ascertain whether there is any relationship between the board of directors, risk management committee and CER.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate how much influence good corporate governance (GCG) has on corporate value, as well as moderating effect of stock return and financial performance on the influence of GCG on the corporate value.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of short-maturity debt and the type of institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism (i.e. conditional and unconditional) and the extent of agency problem arising from both debt financing and the presence of institutional investors within the corporate governance framework.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of independent directors' diligence in restraining earnings management practices, particularly in the context of a developing economy like India which is characterised by concentrated corporate ownership and family control of firms.
The purpose of this paper is to re-examine the relationship between the use of financial derivatives and tax avoidance activities in companies within the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region. This study also includes country's tax environment factor when examining the impact of country tax environment on this relationship. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the value relevance of research and development (R&D) investment and free cash flows (FCF) for the efficient investment firms. Also, the market response to R&D and FCF among different life cycle stages and during the product market competition is also investigated.
The purpose of this paper is to test and analyze the influence of audit opinions, audit findings, audit follow-up and audit recommendations on the financial statements disclosure on Indonesian local government websites. This study also seeks to seek the determinant(s) of Indonesian local governments' financial statements' disclosure and the extent of its influence on the disclosure.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the factors that affect the audit report lag in terms of time in the audit assignment. This study aims to examine the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics to audit report delay.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion in the relationship between auditor and client.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how investors react and respond the switch of the public accounting firm by the manufacturing companies listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange between 2009 and 2012.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the interrelationship between macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of selected quoted manufacturing firms in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one at PT Industri Kereta Api (Persero) Madiun environmental management. This research uses a descriptive case study method.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of framing and groupthink to the career selection decision of accounting major students in the final year of the accounting program of Airlangga University.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the linkages between non-taxable income (PTKP), Income Tax Article 21 (PPh Article 21), Incometax Article 25/29 for individual taxpayers, Value Added Tax (PPN) and Sales Tax on Luxurious Goods (PPnBM) receipt, and lastly, sales tax on luxurious goods (PPoL) receipt in East Java Province, Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of external and internal factors on management accounting practices (MAP) in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effect of enterprise risk management (ERM) on the firm value in manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in 2010-2013.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks and would like to elaborate, which factors are affecting profit margin (PM), interest income, deposits and certain expenses.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role, contribution and influence of non-executive directors (INEDs) within Malaysian public listed companies and adds to the literature by reporting a perspective from a developing nation. This paper would attempt in providing evidence on whether INEDs of Malaysian public companies also perform other roles besides the controlling function which is often associated with them.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees. The present study is concerned about the effect of cash holding, investment opportunity and financial constraints on the audit fees of companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of good corporate governance (GCG) mechanism and corporate social responsibility (CSR) on financial performance with earnings management as a mediating variable.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relation between auditor independence, professionalism, professional auditor attitude and professional auditor skepticism toward the quality of the resulting audit.
The purpose of this paper is to find out whether Grha Prodia is considered as a green building according to LEED certification and how the green building concept reduces operating costs. This research uses two main theories, cost and green building.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between earnings quality and board leadership (i.e. board size, board composition and board independence and population of non-executive directors) for manufacturing companies in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between income and the non-employee individual taxpayer (TP) compliance; the relation among TP's perception on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability, and also the database; and the relationship between the perception of TP on law enforcement and the compliance of the ITP.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the level of transparency of local government websites in Indonesia. The study aims to determine the extent to which the local governments in Indonesia disclose information about budgets and finances on their websites.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies in the pharmaceutical industry.
This manuscript proposes a readiness framework for a transformation from a second-generation university to an entrepreneurial organization based on influential factors and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on tutorial entrepreneurship literature.
The purpose of this paper is to outline the available opportunities for collaboration between industry and universities. The authors present this information in the form of a ladder with a ladder scale of increasing risk and reward. This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration.
Based on the critical function of business incubation to knowledge creation, this study explores and adds to the evolution of learning practices in Chinese incubators and delves into how "learning huddles" influence incubatees' absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) to improve their chance of sustainable growth.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the packaging strategies impact on the acquiring consumer behaviour and attempt to comprehend its influence in the purchase decision-making. Respondents as initiators, information seekers, influences, decides, buyers and actual users play a greater role in modern packaging is not viewed as just a box/container or outer covering, but packaging has various tasks to play. Customer perception and intention get changed day by day, and hence, marketers should take immediate initiation to provide easy-to-use products/user-friendly, recyclable, conservative and innovative product packaging options.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the internal operation mechanism of the crowd innovation space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding.
This study aims to develop a comprehensive framework to help traditional universities move toward third-generation universities. The proposed framework answers two important questions including the following: How to set the strategic goals and priorities? How to define a portfolio of projects and programs to reach strategic goal?
The purpose of this paper is to study the efficiency of crowdsourcing initiatives in the background of customer-involved service innovation under the crowdsourcing.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolution process of the development of science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system from the perspective of policy characteristics, and to construct a design framework for the construction of the innovation policy system.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model to establish automobile electronics (AE) industry clustering.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the best processes that are currently used in managing talent and knowledge creation (KC) in Australian higher education and then investigate the effect of talent management processes on KC.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural characteristics of inter-organizational collaborative network in the automobile industry of China and their influence on the new product development (NPD) performance of the firm.
The purpose of this paper is to explore factors contributing to the low collaboration between the private sector and Saudi universities. The authors conducted a comprehensive survey of researchers at various regional universities in Saudi Arabia to understand the causes of the problem from the researcher's perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of both individual and institutional level factors on the choice of knowledge dissemination (KD) outlets for management research. Specifically, this study examines the following research question: What individual and institution level factors influence the choice to disseminate management research?
The purpose of this paper is to provide a synthesis comprising advancements of the entrepreneurial ecosystems (EE) concept, theoretical underpinnings and elements influencing its dynamics. The authors define the EE as a set of interconnected entrepreneurial actors, organisations, institutions and entrepreneurial processes, which formally and informally coalesce to connect, mediate and govern the performance within the local entrepreneurial environment involving a dynamic and systemic nature, within a supportive environment.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the synergy within the West African Triple Helix innovation systems using the game theory; specifically, it aims to determine the profile of 15 West African countries regarding the core, Shapley value and the nucleolus.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically review the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an end-to-end learning model for cancer cell line classification via a convolutional neural network that can be used to assist automated detection tools and diagnoses.
The purpose of this paper is to explore practices that are utilised for managing talent development in the higher education environment in six Australian universities.
The purpose of this paper is to study the economic market outcomes and income distribution when capital is not homogeneous. It is typically argued that the production function in the theoretical macro model is a microeconomic production function. However, the empirical evidence and examples are from macroeconomics. Such a construct has been used in macroeconomic analysis for a long time, but it seems that it is conceptually confusing and problematic, since it is difficult to believe that in applied work one can have those requirements met.
The purpose of this paper is to advance how the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, to then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the relationship of career anchors with three aspects: millennials' professional skills, millennials' awareness of the replacement of jobs with new technologies and the technological stress in the millennials' working environment.
Considering the economic importance of the Brazilian food sector and the demand for higher productivity and efficiency rates, the purpose of this paper is to measure the intensity of innovation and to compare it with other manufacturing sectors in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of innovative organizational climate (IOC) and innovative work behavior (IWB) on project success (PS). Additionally, the moderating effect of gender and work culture on the relation between innovative climate and behavior is tested.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the occurrence of the triple helix interaction in the state of Minas Gerais and survey the results of this interaction through the database of projects promoted by Fapemig between the years 2009 and 2018. In addition, the authors aim at demonstrating herein, through a case study, some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the influence of top management capabilities, namely, foreign market knowledge and global mindset (GM), towards firm export performance. Superior management is one of the major sources of super-normal profits for firms; yet, the internationalization-performance literature has largely underplayed the role of managers. In addition, Kyvik, Saris, Bonet, and Felicio (2013) made a claim that there was little focus on the role on the CEO's mindset or mental models in the internationalized literature on small firms. Thus, this study is conducted to determine whether top management team (TMT) capabilities have influence on export performance of halal product.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an integrative perspective of knowledge management (KM) challenges and identification of human issues on employees' satisfaction and well-being in various organisational sectors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the consumption attachment of Brazilian fans of the National Football League (NFL) on Twitter. The study aims to identify the characteristics of the Brazilian fans' attachment to the NFL brand and to explore the role played by social media interaction in this attachment.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the design thinking (DT) and extreme programming (XP) activities adopted by the students, how they introduced them, what results in they reached, and the lessons learned from the experience.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision support system, based on a digital 3D city model, that is searchable, high performing and unique in its ability to interconnect with the city's systems to analyze data in real-time to extract relevant information for use in decision making.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the countries' innovation factors that are determinant for them to reach higher levels of development, using the indicators of innovation observed in the Global Competitiveness Report (GCR) and techniques of comparisons of means and discriminant analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to present quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives, supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a bibliometric study on the subject of FinTechs, which is an example of technological innovations competing with the traditional system of service provision, in this case, the provision of financial services. The justification for this study is the need to deepen the study of the FinTech phenomenon, to identify how the theories of administration are currently trying to explain the phenomenon.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of open innovation in the semiconductor industry in Brazil. The open innovation model has proved to be a determinant factor for the increase of innovation and economic performance of companies. In addition, it is important for the success of the industry, as the industry can be considered an innovation engine.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of organizational learning (OL) and service innovation (SI) on the organizational performance of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS) such as Brazilian architectural companies.
The purpose of this paper is to argue in favor of the open-source hardware (OSH) model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process. The authors intend to demonstrate that the adoption of the OSH philosophy can be a catalyst for one of the main missions of the academia: technological innovation and entrepreneurship.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the perceptions of individuals involved in the implementation of human resource information systems (HRIS) on: the results it should produce; the characteristics it should have; and how it should be implemented. It also seeks to provide information to the HR management field by pointing to some possible HRIS requirements that may benefit their innovative potential.
The purpose of this paper is to identify dimensions that can influence the innovation process in justice organizations. Innovation in justice aims to improve the efficiency and quality of judicial services provided to society. There is a growing effort to foster a culture of innovation in the justice organizations in Brazil, but it is not completely clear how innovation process could influence those organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of innovation and strategic planning on enhancing organizational performance of the Dubai Police.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a comprehensive analysis of Indonesia's public service innovation characteristic and trend drawn from the Indonesian Public Service Innovation Competition 2014-2016. Pragmatically, this study aims to capture the landscape of public service innovations in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the theoretical discussion about effectuation, since the seminal article in 2001, and to propose a research agenda for future studies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the way different economic sectors in Brazil use knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS), taking into account relevant aspects of their innovation profile, and to evaluate to what extent the use of KIBS is associated with firms' innovation performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of customer loyalty in the Indonesian ride-sharing services: offline vs online. The online motorcycle taxi service is one of the public transportation services with motorbikes owned by individuals to serve the demand for transportation on an individual basis. Assessment of customer satisfaction on offline service of motorcycle taxi services is done using service quality (SERVQUAL) dimensions used by Parasuraman, Zeithaml, and Berry (1988).
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of lead users (LUs) on innovation success using a conceptual model based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. The authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to this discussion and answer, from the case study of the innovative management model adopted by the Government of Minas Gerais, Brazil, for the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, the following question: Is public-private partnership (PPP) financially viable a viable alternative for the management of regional airports in Brazil?
The purpose of this paper is to identify the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of Brazilian public higher educational institutions (Instituicoes Publicas de Ensino Superior - PHEI).
Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. The purpose of this paper is to explore how crowdsourcing is used by companies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the use of information technology systems as an innovative strategy to meet the demands of beneficiaries of a health-care company, improving efficiency and control, developing a knowledge management system and seeking actively ways to support a knowledge-intensive business service.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. A framework that can be used to assess sustainability of living labs is proposed.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how technology-forcing regulations affect the product development process in the supply chain of heavyweight vehicles. Unlike cars, heavyweight (commercial) vehicles are capital goods: they represent an investment for their customers (transportation companies or independent truckers), who are sensitive to cost and less sensitive to environmental issues.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the practices and degree of innovation of micro and small enterprises (MSEs) based on the assumption that innovation contributes to improve competitiveness and, consequently, the longevity of smaller companies. Innovation indicators enable the understanding and monitoring of the processes of production, dissemination and use of scientific knowledge and new technologies. In times of economic or social crisis, the innovation process assumes greater relevance due to market shrinking and the increased competition between companies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the appropriateness of the guarantees used in the refundable financing operations of the "BRDE Inova" program to the needs of knowledge-intensive micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) to access credit for innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the correlation between the investments in the Brazilian Space Agency (BSA) and the filing of patenting.
This paper aims at identifying suitable requests in terms of current market positions, as well as new social relationships resulting from a collaborative economy. For this purpose, the authors questioned which of the factors motivated the technological users to collaborate, with different levels of network involvement, and consequently to adopt a voluntary posture toward sharing.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of student entrepreneurship in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Brazil. The authors aim to identify the specific features that allow the emergence of student entrepreneurial behavior and the influence of university environment and support institutions over the entrepreneurial behavior of students.
The purpose of this paper is to test the complexity theory and study the relationship between organizational adaptability, institutional leadership and business process reengineering performance using lessons from microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the literature of leadership in the context of startups operating in developing countries by comparing the influence of transformational leadership (Carless, Wearing, & Mann, 2000) and instrumental leadership (Antonakis & House, 2004) on individual employee and financial company performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the academic side of university-firm linkages, reporting the results of research (called the "BR Survey", a primary database) conducted in Brazil with leaders of research groups that interacted with firms. The authors analysed the answers from 662 research groups (from both universities and research institutes) to investigate whether the intensity of private funds affects the results.
The purpose of this paper is to present reflections and points of interest on the performance of Brazil and highlight the advances and challenges in relation to the intellectual property (IP) system, highlighting some scientific, economic and technological indicators.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the alignment of the organizational structure and the R&D management of EMBRAPA, a public, internationalized research and development (R&D) company.
The purpose of this paper is to find out if environmentally sound technologies (ESTs) developed by Brazilian science and technology institutions (STIs) were transferred to companies, either through cooperative research or through mechanisms such as licensing agreements or spin-offs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how business model innovation (BMI) happens in Brazilian manufacturing companies, from medium to large-sized, located in the Rio Grande do Sul state. The specific objectives include the investigation of BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process.
The purpose of this paper is to understand how innovation-oriented social networks set within technology-based incubators are shaped. This study is an effort to understand the dynamics of the socialization that takes place inside incubators, which can facilitate the knowledge sharing in innovation processes.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the existing and emerging dimensions of social innovation by studying the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local (ADEL - Agency of Local Development in Portuguese) and its main programmes in the semiarid region of Ceara.
The purpose of this paper is to perform a bibliometric review to identify the national studies on innovation in public administration. The results of the article will increase the level of knowledge about the subject and will subsidize the proposition of a research agenda to promote advances in theoretical and practical knowledge when it comes to innovation in the public sector.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a review on disruptive business models, considering its importance in the creation of new business models or the reconfiguration of an organization's existing business model, with the objective of creating new business structures to an innovative market, through the redefinition of what exists in the market, aiming at proposing a unique value to the customer.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of creative corporate culture on the level of intangibility and its effects, individual and combined, on the performance of foreign firms traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the obstacles that undermine the potential of science, technology and innovation (ST&I) policies to contribute more effectively to the improvement of the Brazilian innovation indicators. It is argued that these obstacles have less to do with the innovation policies themselves and more toDo with their detachment from the institutional framework used to implement them. The institutional framework is barely adherent to the perception of a systemic nature of the innovation process.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss process philosophy's potential contributions to an understanding and investigation of innovation processes associated with organizational contexts.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the profile of entrepreneurial researchers in the Brazilian academic context, with focus on the state of Sao Paulo. It contributes to the development of the topic of academic entrepreneurship, both from the conceptual and empirical points of view, based on the presentation and discussion of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze collaboration networks between institutions that produced patents in a specific sector of biotechnology, and Brazil had as the priority country. Technologies protected by patents regarding patents regarding medicinal preparations containing plant materials have a high interest worldwide.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze consumer behavior toward the adoption of wearable technologies, i.e. electronic technologies that are used directly on the body as accessories (bracelets, watches, glasses, etc.), clothing or shoes. The objective of this study is to discover which elements exert the greatest influence on the intention to consume equipment in this niche, which will allow practitioners to predict which devices will be adopted in the coming years by certain user groups.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of technological capabilities in the relationship between strategic supply chain management (SSCM) and competitive advantage (CA) in the Campinas Technological Hub.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the perceptions of individuals in industrial companies regarding the factors in their work environment that stimulate or inhibit the creativity of the organization's members. The scarcity of studies on how work environment factors influence creative performance in Brazilian companies gives rise to the following research question: Which work environment elements are perceived by individuals as stimulants or inhibitors of creativity?
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for analyzing the relationship between the favorable conditions for innovation offered by technology parks, the innovations of companies located there and their respective organizational performances.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the main attributes of "Internet of Things" (IoT) products that affect the emotional and functional experiences of purchase intention.
The purpose of this paper is to present a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise.
The purpose of this paper is to address the following research question: What types of innovations can impact on the firm performance of the micro and small enterprises (MSEs) in the Brazilian foodservice industry?
The purpose of this paper is to identify models of innovation adopted by courts through the theoretical lens of the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. Also, the study seeks to understand the phenomenon of innovation in judicial organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the innovation practices of small technology-based companies (TBCs) during their periods of incubation and post-incubation (graduate companies).
The purpose of this paper is to identify the innovation capability of firms in different technological intensity strata and to correlate OECD's typology (which implies different levels of technology mastering for distinct sectors) with the innovation routines and behavior of any firm.
The purpose of this paper is to identify empirically the influence of the learning mechanisms provided by organizations on knowledge sharing in the organizational environment. The relevance of this research is supported by the contribution to the deepening of knowledge about the relationship between organizational actions promoted by top management and knowledge sharing, supporting decision-making in the organization environment regarding contextual factors that influence social interaction.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the research on organizational innovation from a bibliometric approach by using quantitative analysis, which, in its broader and more objective way, complements the qualitative studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the technology transfer (TT) and the interaction between universities and companies happen in two cases of Brazilian universities.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a new perspective on the topic of engineering and development in Brazil, with a focus on the challenges and prospects for the future.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the influence of motivation in the intention of contribution by participants in crowdsourcing platforms using multiple theories. The authors sought to identify what motivations are more relevant in the context of crowdsourcing.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of third-party logistics providers, or TPLs, in the development of innovative importation logistics solutions in Brazil and also to understand what innovation in logistics means to them.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze empirically how changes in the labor share are associated with changes in income inequality, as measured by the Gini coefficient and how this is driven by income shares for different quintiles, for a broad range of countries during the most recent period.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the long-run evolution of the Argentine economy and identify the moment in which it started diverging from other developed economies. Comparisons have traditionally been made with Australia and Canada, territories of new settlements which shared similar economic characteristics with Argentina at the end of the 19th century. An analysis of the relative behavior in terms of GDP per capita shows a particular development of Argentina with these other two economies until the middle of the 20th century and then the catching-up process lost strength. It should be noted, however, that these long-term trends were accompanied by a peculiar cyclical component, a characteristic shared with other countries in Latin America.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the validity of unemployment hysteresis for selected transition economies, namely, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic (CzechR), Estonia, Hungary, the Kyrgyz Republic (KyrgyzR), Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Kazakhstan and the Slovak Republic (SlovakR).
The purpose of this paper is to estimate fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins of new operations in the banking industry in the context of a restructuring process.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between wealth and consumption inequality in Spain during the period 2002-2014 using micro-data from the Encuesta Financiera de las Familias.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the impact of the current economic crisis on illegal drug consumption in Spain. The economic crisis experienced in most European countries since 2007 has impacted the factors that secure mental health, reducing public service budgets and affecting education and health care systems.
The purpose of this paper is to reconcile the international trade and the international business literature into one empirical work, to deepen into the determinants of exporting and foreign direct investment (FDI).
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the situation of non-poor households that have never crossed the poverty line and, in general, do not have access to any type of assistance, subsidy or benefit within the framework of the public social protection system, but have experienced economic stress (ES).
The purpose of this paper is to study how the gender diversity in the boards of directors of the Spanish stock-listed companies has evolved after the introduction of a "soft" quota policy with no sanctions or with simple recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the predictive capacity of artificial neural networks (ANNs) for predicting financial distress in the Spanish banking system. The authors analyze the financial problems of Spanish banks and analyze their present and future financial problems.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the efficiency of public employment services (PESs) offices. In particular, the authors wish to explore whether all labour offices have the same level of efficiency, taking into consideration that they operate under particular circumstances.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the determinants of bank efficiency in the Latin American (LatAm) banking sector using a panel of banks from 19 countries.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the concept of the tax gap, highlighting not only the advantages, but also the limitations that its estimation implies, and propose a methodology to estimate the gap for the two main personal direct taxes that Spain levies on wealth.
The purpose of this paper is to describe and apply a simple method to obtain estimations for the large majority of census variables, and for the full set of 8,116 municipalities included in the 2011 Census. The aim is to create a complete and consistent municipal database for a wide set of variables.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effect of agglomeration on the probability that a firm - given a location - chooses to be informal in the internal structure of a city.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a synthetic index that can analyze the most recent evolution of the competitiveness of the 17 Autonomous Communities of Spain over the period 2008-2016, so that the relative position of each of them can be analyzed for that period.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse social inequality in the employment dimension as a multi-attribute decision problem in every Spanish territory with autonomous government, that is, seventeen communities and two autonomous cities, during the crisis (2009-2014) by conducting factor analysis. Four factors related to precarious situations that account for employment exclusion have been extracted.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of the subsidies introduced under Measure 123 on the productivity of agri-food and forestry firms in Asturias (Spain), where most of its 78 municipalities are considered rural.
The purpose of this paper is to shed light on the relationship between corruption and international trade. To this end, the authors have made use of three different measures of corruption. Two of them belong to the so called perception-based indexes. The other is the perception of corruption index.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between education and economic growth in Spain. It makes a contribution to the literature by analysing the existence of nonlinearities in this relationship. The direction of the causality that the authors account for is from education to economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effects of commodity shocks during the 2000s commodity boom in Latin America. Specifically, it investigates whether these disturbances were related to the poorer macroeconomic outcome observed in Argentina when compared to the other major economies in the region: i.e. its higher level of inflation and greater price and output volatilities.
The purpose of this paper is to study the effect of family socioeconomic status (SES) on the academic performance of students in the later stages of the educational process and in their early years in the labor market.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the importance of transformational leadership and quality, the existence of differences regarding these issues between groups of hotels and the association between the two variables.
The purpose of this paper is to identify regional tourism axes in Hormozgan Province, Iran, and to develop a regional tourism planning system based on these axes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the experiences of community-based tourism (CBT) in Romania and to identify the chances and challenges faced by the local communities in their participation in tourism development projects.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to a deeper understanding of some of the possible reasons of residents' attitudes towards tourism in a medium/small city located in the north-east of Spain.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a recommendation model for a new unsampled tourist that visits Rocha Department in Uruguay during the summer months based on machine learning methods.
El transporte aereo de personas es uno de los contratos de transporte mas importantes actualmente al dar un gran impulso al turismo mundial. Es imprescindible dispensar una proteccion adecuada a los consumidores en estos contratos debido a la situacion de especial desequilibrio en la que se encuentran frente a las aerolineas, al carecer de poder de negociacion y al ser las alternativas escasas y los precios generalmente altos. Esto se puede lograr a traves de leyes tuitivas que protejan sus intereses economicos y mediante la prohibicion de clausulas abusivas en los contrato de transportE aereo.
The purpose of this paper is to explicate la obligacion de informar sobre la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos, que intermedien en las plataformas colaborativas.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a stochastic model to comprehend many complexities of anonymous visitors' online booking behavior. The authors propose a framework to explore not only purchase conversion but also entire search and visit processes.
The purpose of this paper is to create a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the model developed by Mak et al. (2012b), to determine the factors involved in a traveler's food consumption choices while away from home, while improving the understanding of the role that food has on travelers' experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the trends of medical tourism in the United Kingdom over the period 2000-2016, using reliable data from the International Passenger Survey (IPS). The authors focus on medical tourists returning "home" to the UK for medical treatment, particularly those with cultural or familial ties to a country.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the decision-making process of medical tourists (MTs) from Nigeria who patronise hospitals in India and influencers of the purchase decision of these Nigerian MTs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether there is empirical support for linkage between the efficiency of hotels and their foreign customers' demands. Since Thailand Tourism Authority recently recently implemented different marketing and infrastructure development policies between tourist and non-tourist destinations, the present study also aims to compare the role of hotel's efficiency toward hotel's ability to internationalize their business between tourist-and-non-destination destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of the number (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables associated with population changes affecting a delimited space, such as the generation of "Urban Solid Waste".
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of tourism on the generation of employment in Mexico. The general thesis is that tourist areas will generate a sufficient flow of visitors to drive economic growth at a regional, state and, therefore, national level.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the efficiency of 15 European Union (EU) Member States hospitals while managing non-resident patients including medical tourists for the years 2010-2014.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a positioning strategy for a tourist destination, based on analysis of customers' perceptions and satisfactions. Specifically, this study uses a case study approach to measures customers' images of Kashmir regions tourism products and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction, to identify specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination's positioning strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, by means of a case study of four dark tourism sites in Mexico City, whether a widely accepted conceptual framework developed by Stone and Sharpley (2008), which considers dark tourism consumption from a thanatological perspective, is applicable within this setting, or if distinct socio-cultural differences diminish its suitability.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the particular relationship between the three modes of time (past, present and future), and how this relationship is visible in the historic centre of a consolidated tourist destination: El Puerto de Santa Maria, in the Bay of Cadiz, in Spain.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed in the city of Bahia De Cadiz (Spain).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the customer-based brand equity (CBBE) index of Tourism Brand Kurukshetra in an emerging market.
The purpose of this paper is to forecast the tourist's interest in learning about the olive oil production process. This study aims to know if olive oil could be acknowledged in different dimensions, so as to create an international tourist demand.
The purpose of this paper is to understand tourist perceptions about tourist destinations that have, in the past, suffered from incidents of terrorism. Similarly, it also aims to investigate what alternatives can help change tourist perceptions on such destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the competitiveness of the destination against its two main competitors (the Dominican Republic and Costa Rica). The analysis shows the long-term variables that have an impact on the decision to purchase the destination in the markets analyzed.
The current tourist demand is undergoing a great transformation, with experience becoming an essential part of the journey and clients feeling a greater need to experience a destination to optimize their trip. In this context, markets are being promoted as spaces that offer leisure experiences, expanding their traditional functions as food distributors. The present article helps illustrate this reality in the case of Madrid, where markets are becoming cultural resources, spaces that vindicate gastronomy and local lifestyle as tourist experiences, promoting their leisure offer on social media to reach a new experiential consumer. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the use of social media as a communication tool by the food markets of Madrid to interact with their clients.
The purpose of this paper is to establish the potential for ecotourism in a highly marginalised locality in the Municipality of Tlalpujahua, a Magic Town in the State of Michoacan, Mexico. The community of La Trampa was identified because of its tourist attractions, local organisation and empowerment, and interested local actors.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of tourist flows among Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay, and between these countries and the rest of the world, discriminating the different countries of origin of tourists and the role of tourism inside and outside the region.
The purpose of this paper is to explore on the nature of tourism as a rite of passage and to explain why modern terrorists target leisure-spots and tourism to perpetrate their attacks. This paper inscribes into the sociology of tourism the main genre but explores other subthemes as mobilities, the theory of non-places, terrorism and political violence.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the strengths and weaknesses of applying strategies that regulate standards for accommodations in coastal tourism areas in the Canary Islands (Spain). The working hypothesis is that the degree of success of a public programme or policy must be assessed by examining the results of its implementation.
The purpose of this paper is to show what can be found together in the scientific literature on mobile technology and tourism. In this respect, the research presented here aims to show the provenance of academic research through a bibliometric study.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the perceptions of teachers and students on the effectiveness of online courses over traditional classroom learning in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi District, India.
Quality has been a major importance for higher education, and the provision of quality higher education is a major challenge to address by open universities (OUs) and open and distance learning (ODL) institutions. This study attempts to better understand the implementation of quality assurance (QA) system in three Asian OUs, namely University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU), Philippines, Universitas Terbuka (UT), Indonesia and Allama Iqbal Open University, Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to present the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (SWOT) analysis of Allama Iqbal Open University Islamabad (AIOU) in Pakistan. SWOT analysis is a study of an institution's internal strengths and weaknesses, its opportunities for improvement and the threats the external environment presents to its survival. The study aims to identify the weaknesses, strengths and opportunities of AIOU.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in Mississippi career and technical education (CTE) in the state of Mississippi. The Mississippi State University Research and Curriculum Unit (RCU) has been given the responsibility of creating, creating, and assessing curriculum for all CTE courses for nearly 40 years. As a contractor for the Mississippi Department of Education, the RCU has been responsible for creating, developing and administering the Mississippi Career Planning and Assessment System (MS-CPAS) online assessments to tens of thousands of students across the state. These assessments are delivered exclusively in an online format to millions of students annually.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, factors influencing self- efficacy and a framework for strengthening participants' self-efficiency with respect to their use of online education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of open and distance learning (ODL) on social work (MSW) learners of India. It also aims to explore the factors that influence the choice of ODL in social work programme.
Open and distance learning (ODL) has successfully occupied a well-recognized place in the educational landscape drawing increasing numbers of learners belonging to different backgrounds. Nonetheless, the ODL system has not been immune to the risks and challenges associated with lack of trust and accreditation leading to undesirable consequences. The purpose of this paper is to explore how blockchain can be used as a strategic resource to address the challenges faced by ODL institutions by harnessing its untapped potentials.
The purpose of this study is to explore conceivable and significant factors (variables, dimensions or attributes) as the origin of service quality toward graduates' self-confidence moderated by academic excellence. In detail, this study investigates: (1) What are factors underpinning academic excellence; (2) How academic excellence influenced self- confidence (EALO); (3) How are interrelations amongst all factors engaged and in what routines they interrelated with one another; and (4) How current details on service quality and academic excellence in Universitas Terbuka tradition are behold by graduates.
The purpose of this paper is to present the visions of PhD students about the application of learning analytics (LA) in mobile learning opportunities (m-learning) in distance education.
This study analyzes open universities and compares National Open University (NOU) Taiwan and Universitas Terbuka (UT) in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the potential of ICT in disseminating higher education in tribal communities by ODL by using it as a strategy taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP) in India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the persistence intentions of online students studying in various online courses using theory of planned behavior.
The purpose of this study is to compare the knowledge and use of Bloom's digital taxonomy (BDT) by teachers and students in online and distance learning (ODL) and conventional universities.
The present study was an attempt to evaluate the use of the Internet and changing communication patterns because of social media among university students. As in today's world of information technology, university students spend most of their time on the Internet, it has become simpler to gather information about any individual or topic. Social media has created a new social order in Pakistani society; it has strengthened the online friendship but weakened the inter-personal relations.
This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various massive open online courses (MOOCs) platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored. The purpose of this paper is to explore and assess the contributions of developed countries towards MOOCs.
The purpose of this paper is to review the current trends of research in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India and identify the gaps in the existing literature.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the plausible and pertinent determinants (variables, dimensions and/or attributes) as the origins of service quality toward students' accomplishments (performance, loyalty and future career) moderated by satisfaction. In a more detail perspective, this study explores: What are the variables/dimensions/attributes underpinning satisfaction; How satisfaction affects academic performance, students' loyalty and their future career; How are interrelations amongst determinants engaged and in what routines they interconnected; how are the existing facts on service quality and satisfaction associated with accomplishment in Universitas Terbuka tradition experienced by graduates from the Makassar Regional Office.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate student support in open and distance education, including aspects related to instructional design and development, student engagement and motivation, university policy and strategy to reduce dropouts, use of Open Educational Resources (OER/MOOCs) and quality assurance.
- The purpose of this paper is to analyze and identify the antecedent factors that contribute to the academic achievement and student retention of the students of a public university in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of blended learning on the achievement of students to learn chemistry by satisfying their psychological needs (autonomy, competence and relatedness) through the blended learning approach.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the accessibility and challenges of the use of technology in teaching and learning the law in the context of open and distance learning (ODL) in the Open University of Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to study the adoption and utilization of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) in India for providing lifelong and sustainable learning opportunities for the learners in the context of higher education.
The purpose of this exploratory study is to investigate whether the creative collaborative group project is a feasible, effective and acceptable learning activity for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a higher education institution through distance learning. It intends to achieve this through the qualitative phenomenological approach.
This paper aims to describe the learning experiences of a select group of participants in Katipuneros RPG as a medium for learning Philippine history. By studying the experiences and insights gained by the participants and by describing the facilitating factors behind these, this study attempts to address existing gaps in current pedagogical practices and provides useful insights for educators in designing interactive and engaging learning environments.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the issues and challenges of research supervision in distance learning (DL) programs.
The purpose of this paper is to report and assess the development of learning support environments for e-learning programs and online tutoring as learning support for academic writing.
The purpose of this paper is to provide some way for teachers to roughly predict students' learning performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to present the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes offered through the open and distance learning (ODL) system at Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective field work supervisee supervision to the students. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective supervision.
The purpose of this paper is to design a course in STEAM education at distance via KidsProgram, hoping to provide some reference for other research on teaching of graphical programming tools. STEAM is short for science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics, which integrates different subjects in an interdisciplinary way. It is more and more urgent for students to master programming ability and improve information literacy.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education in the context of Web 2.0. In this study, the authors explore how to develop a space that can fully support online teaching and learning activities for better experience in open education.
Accreditation of prior experiential learning (APEL) allows learners to leverage on their working experience to enrol into institutions of higher learning to pursue a formal qualification. The purpose of this paper is to look into the challenges faced by APEL-A assessors during the evaluation process as well as the assessors' recommendation for improving the process after experiencing it. APEL is divided into two categories, namely, APEL (admission) andAPEL-C (credits).
The purpose of this paper is to review the research trends in recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. In recent years, the popularity of internet technology has made it easier for people to learn by use of a digital device or a web technology. In comparison with traditional instruction modes and learning approaches, the use of e- learning is more effective for learning purposes. Therefore, many researchers have expended much effort on the research of emerging educational technologies on e-Learning platforms through some theoretical models or frameworks.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduate students in particular, and to identify their weaknesses to overcome.
The purpose of this paper is to assess, by way of correlations and content analysis, the consistency with which quality is maintained in the orientation processes at the Midlands Regional Campus of the Zimbabwe Open University. The study also sought to investigate whether the orientation sessions were effective and helpful to the students and to suggest areas for improvement.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the perception of students towards quality and effectiveness of social work education through open and distance learning (ODL) in Delhi.
The purpose of this paper is to present innovative assignment rubrics for open and distance learning (ODL) courses that can be used to make the teaching-learning process more effective and measure the learning outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to establish the mediating role of students' engagement to their classes for the presumed direct relationship between the teachers' efforts and students' development.
The purpose of this paper is to apply design-based research in designing a mobile learning solution for the undergraduates of the Faculty of Health Sciences of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL). It reports on the findings of the testing phase of the mobile solution.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study on the United Kingdom Open University (UKOU), a representative Open and Distance Education (ODE) institution in the UK. This paper describes how the introduction of new technologies have affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teaching innovations in Asian higher education from the perspectives of educators in relevant tertiary institutions. It identifies the teaching innovations that have been implemented in higher education institutions in Asia and examines the relationships between the innovation practices and the characteristics of the institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to report a study on student persistence in open and distance learning (ODL), focusing on the case of the Open University of Hong Kong (OUHK), an institution featuring the provision of flexible education modes with both full-time face-to-face (F2F) and part-time ODL study programmes.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of e-servicescapes on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality in the distance education (DE) context.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effectiveness of current human resource development (HRD) at Hanoi Open University (HOU) to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance the training quality and effectiveness to gain better performances.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how smart learning analytics (Smart LA) can be used to improve learning experiences. Smart learning analytics is a subclass of learning analytics that supports certain processes and characteristics of smart learning. The purpose of Smart LA is to discover and analyze data on student behavior, instruction merit and the suitability of learning environments, gathering information from various sources to discern learning traces that can facilitate instructional support. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to report on an increasing number of recent commentaries expressing concern about the performance and achievement of Open Universities some 50 years after the establishment of the new model for a university, and assesses the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals (SDGs). It also reports on a small investigation of attitudes to these issues from a roundtable of Open University Presidents, Rectors and Vice Chancellor who met in 2017 in Toronto, and identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how the Open and Distance Learning (ODL) institutions in India should play an important role in bringing up the required human resource development both by promoting the knowledge-based and skill-based education and by protecting them against all antisocial activities that would actually help in empowering and transforming the society.
The purpose of this paper is to apply corpus linguistics in written electronic texts, particularly the "About Us" sections of Asian Association of Open Universities (AAOU) members' websites. This inquiry is important because it provides an insight as to how AAOU members describe and portray themselves in the World Wide Web, a platform which is highly utilized in the field of distance education.
The purpose of this paper is to apply a scientific quality analysis tool to identify issues and to find solutions in a higher education institute. This will allow the administrator to identify the students facing difficulties and alert the related departments to take action.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the response of database students to online cooperative learning in the form of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of courses.
The purpose of this paper is to build a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology and resources.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the notions and dimensions of quality in MOOCs. It is expected that ideas introduced here might underpin related stakeholders to critically thinking on quality in the frame of MOOC's.
The purpose of this paper is to assess academic excellence, by pondering to the work of Moore and Kearsly (2015), through all potential related variables and dimensions as they were expected and experienced by the students of Universitas Terbuka registered in 2016 and especially for those domiciled overseas. It is also of interest to reveal crossing details between satisfaction along with persistence, loyalty and future careers in open distance learning (ODL) perspectives.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of learning management system (LMS) of Wawasan Open University (WOU).
The purpose of this paper is to identify the peripheral services offered by the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) to encourage students to complete their study programs within the time permitted with superior performance and facilitate them to climb up the academic ladder to become professionals with strong academic background in their respective fields.
The purpose of this paper is to present the views and expectations of nursing students and their teachers on the practice of mobile learning, and evaluate the strengths and limitations of mobile technologies in supporting nursing education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine - in the context of Taiwan where technology-enhanced learning has been commonplace - how students and teachers conceptualize their daily routine of "learning," and the major distinction toward the conceptions of learning in various educational contexts especially with the adoption of technology.
The purpose of this paper is to gain insight into learners' behavioural intention to use the video lectures as their learning material in an open and distance learning (ODL) institution.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a personalized e-learning environment for introductory Computer Science (CS) concept on recursion applying two types of feedback methods in the learning assessment, namely, open-ended and closed-ended questions.
Open educational resources (OER) are fast gaining traction as a global movement which can potentially increase equitable access to quality education in alignment with the Sustainable Development Goal 4 (SDG4). The recently concluded 2nd World OER Congress and the "Ljubljana Action Plan 2017" highlight the pivotal role OER can play toward achieving the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and SDG4. The "Open Educational Resources: From Commitment to Action" report reports ten recommendations for mainstreaming OER in an institution. However, what the report fails to identify is a framework and a systematic methodology to guide the mainstreaming process. As a potential solution, the purpose of this paper is to propose an empirical framework and an OER mainstreaming checklist formulated using relevant literature, case studies and personal experience.
The purpose of this paper is to present a design-based approach to support and nurture open educational practices (OEP) in teaching and learning.
The purpose of this paper is to give a systematic review of the mounting research work on learning analytics (LA) that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of open and distance learning (ODL) institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies. It also presents a meta-analysis of relevant empirical studies which shows the effect of intervention for at-risk students based on the use of LA.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the existing knowledge on open distance learning (ODL) concepts of the prospective BSc undergraduates of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) at first registration at the Colombo Regional Centre (CRC) in the 2013/2014 academic year. The study also attempts to get an insight into the socio-economic characteristics of these students.
The purpose of this paper is to present part of an on-going research focused on analyzing students' online learning behavior in a blended learning environment using Moodle, a web-based learning management system (LMS).
The purpose of this paper is to explain and illustrate how the Centre for Instructional Design and Technology (CiDT) at the Open University Malaysia (OUM) implements quality assurance (QA) in the print module development at various stages. The authors will also touch on the quality management system (QMS) established in CiDT since it was first awarded the MS ISO 9002:2008 certification in 2005. Finally, the authors will look into the satisfaction level of learners with OUM's learning material.
The purpose of this paper is to elucidate how the adoption rate of online examination as an innovation at Bengkulu Regional Office of Universitas Terbuka (UT) was linked to a number of students' demographics.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential and challenges of massive open online courses (MOOCs) in Pakistan from the perspective of students and faculty.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model for educational data mining (EDM) that can be applied to the highly non-linear, complex, and large volume of data environment.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the profiling of information-seeking behaviour of distance learning students in Wawasan Open University, Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the reasons behind the prolonged time taken for the completion of the degree programmes offered by the Faculty of Engineering Technology (FET) of the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and to identify remedial measures that can be used to shortening the duration of the programmes.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the use of open and distance learning (ODeL) in the preparation of future public health professionals in the Philippines through the International Health Program (IHP) of the United Nations University's (UPOU's) International Health Programme (IHP) in Southeast Asia.
The purpose of this paper is to report on a blended learning project that aimed to address the problems that science teachers face in Hong Kong. At the primary level, science is not taught as an independent subject; it is integrated with social studies and health education to form an interdisciplinary subject, general studies. The implication for teacher education is that general studies teachers may have varied backgrounds in science. At present, many teachers are drawn from non-science streams. These teachers lack the essential science background to teach science concepts and process skills. The problem of differing levels of competence of primary teachers in science is likely to be exacerbated by the recent implementation of the new senior secondary curriculum, which provides students with even greater flexibility in their choice of subjects.
Open educational resources (OERs) are increasingly being used to facilitate mobile learning, especially in developing countries where the use of mobile technology is increasing at an astounding rate. However, issues remain for providing repository-based OERs. The purpose of this paper is to identify the possible designs and acceptable mobile-friendly solutions for providing open educational resources in areas with poor internet connectivity. The study aims to answer the following research question: What are the possible and acceptable designs and mobile- friendly solutions for the development of open educational resource repositories in the Philippines?
Clustering is the process of assigning class labels to objects based on the principle of minimizing the interclass similarity and maximizing the intraclass similarity, which is widely used in various scientific areas. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel clustering algorithm based on minimum spanning tree.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the changes that took place in open and distance learning (ODL) research in the last decade by comparing ODL research articles in 2005 with those in the most recent year, 2015.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce ontological structure representation in reusing the learning resources from course module and forum discussion. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an integrated laboratory experiment setup (ILES) to empower the engineering education in distance mode. The ILES is a new approach to deliver laboratory classes in a distance environment.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the growth of iRadio OUM as a quality audio learning material provider at OUM.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. The research, which was a part of the university's open educational research initiatives which started in year 2012, focused on the involvement of the library as an organisational unit and of individual librarians and other information technology staff to set up two web portal repositories using the Japanese open source software, called WEKO.
The purpose of this paper is to examine cultural perceptions of online learning from the point of view of participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius who were enrolled in a faculty development program offered online by The Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL).
The purpose of this paper is to report on the results of an Importance-Satisfaction Survey conducted on the postgraduate students at the Open University Malaysia (OUM), the first and premier open and distance learning (ODL) university in Malaysia. The purpose of the survey was to determine which services students prefer and whether they are satisfied with them and to identify their "selling points" and "critical points".
The purpose of this paper is to explore open educational resources (OER) and their benefits to faculty to take up different courses of actions on the use rather than on the production of OER in order to assure students' performance. Additionally, it aims to distinguish how and in which behaviours were all involved variables intercorrelated with one another.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how and to what extent the peer-facilitated discussion activities, designed within the scenario-based learning (SBL) course design, enhanced knowledge construction during the implementation of open educational resources-based e-learning (OEReL) at the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) in Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors conducive to the effective teaching of massive open online courses (MOOCs) and to find out to what extent these factors can be identified in existing MOOCs.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential for a social prescribing referral to contribute to emotional, psychological and social well-being outcomes for patients of secondary mental health services.
The purpose of this study is to examine the dimension of service quality that affects customers' satisfaction and loyalty among customers of Islamic banks in Malaysia. Furthermore, this study will also examine the role of trust as a mediator between customers' Satisfaction, Loyalty and Trust.
The purpose of this paper is to address the research question of whether capital structure theories can explain sukuk issuance in Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. It checks if the capital structure determinants in conventional finance can explain Islamic bonds issuance given their social responsibility benefits.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the link between economic growth and financial performance of Islamic banks in a framework of endogenous growth model through international evidence from Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Turkey and Saudi Arabia as top pioneer Islamic finance countries.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an organic global cryptocurrency that is closer to Maqasid Shari'ah (Islamic law) in that it is based on the principles of Islamic law.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the benefits of accessing business financial services from an Islamic point of view in Nigeria by selecting Kano state as a case study.
- The purpose of this paper is to reflect on Maqasid al-Shari'ah in the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf (Waqf jurisprudence).
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic literature review on the impact of Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) governance mechanism on firm performance of Islamic banks (IBs) in the Islamic banking context.
As banks face funding pressure, one key question is prospects for bank lending in Saudi Arabia. Bank credit represents a key channel of transmission from oil prices to the real economy in Saudi Saudi Arabia and an important driver of economic growth more generally. The purpose of this paper is to analyze determinants of bank credit growth.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a theoretical model of the Islamic sovereign wealth fund (ISWFs) based on Islamic finance principles to modify the precarious image of sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) from Muslim countries.
Social impact bonds (SIBs) are innovative mechanisms that bring together the public, private and voluntary sectors to address social issues that focus on delivery of outcomes. SIBs are a commissioning tool where social investors provide the initial funding for a social project and receive returns based on the impact or results achieved from the project. The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential development of "social impact sukuk" (SIS) by looking at the lessons learned from the Peterborough SIB. These lessons can be useful for two main ideas - first, as a reference for the future development of SRI within the Islamic finance industry, and, second, in working towards breaking the formalist deadlock (having form but without substance) of Islamic finance practice in achieving its true social objectives.
The purpose of this paper is to propose innovative solutions to tap "Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises" (MSMEs) market to improve the financial access and inclusion of new customers and financing for MSMEs. The authors propose a "Special Purpose Entity (SPE)" model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of reciprocity, self-interest and reputation in the context of debt vs equity contracts. According to the literature, the characteristics of fairness, reciprocity and reputation prevails in a considerable proportion of the society. Therefore, the theory of self- interest alone cannot be relied on in explaining situations where the decision makers believe and act reciprocally.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the performance of initial public offerings (IPOs) of Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia. The study aims to examine the effect of Sharief-complaint status on IPO underpricing.
- For more than five decades, Forecasting International has conducted an ongoing study of the forces changing our world. In the 1980s, we condensed what we had learned into a list of trends we had seen at work in the world. We have updated that list frequently in the years since. For each study we undertake, we compare the specific circumstances of the industry, organization, or country with our trends and see how the two interact. The results have been gratifyingly accurate. The new edition updates our previous report on the implications for the hospitality industry of major trends now shaping the future.
The Venetian Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas serves as an ideal case study due to its prominence and tenure on the Las Vegas Strip as a themed attraction. In this study, the authors analyze promotional material through the lens of two key marketing research concepts, the experience economy and the promotion of authenticity, focusing on the key concepts of theme and authenticity.
This research focusses on human resource development (HRD) and studies the influence of workplace learning on organisational performance in the hospitality industry.
The purpose of this study is twofold: (1) to uncover the underlying factors which prompt the guests to interact with other people in a lodging setting and (2) to examine the relative importance of those underlying factors to the total guest experiences. The first objective attempts to build a theoretical battery of expected benefits of people interaction, which may be further utilized in theory development. The second objective strives to assess the underlying relationship between the expected benefits and customer service experiences.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the significant effects amongst museum experience, satisfaction, loyalty and tourist willingness to pay more (WPM). In addition, the study explores the moderation effect of the number of times (NT), that is, the frequency (first time and frequent tourists) of visits to the National Museum in Ghana, underpinned by the experience economy theory.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of a comprehensive wellness program on job satisfaction in the workplace. The study aims to determine whether the implementation of a wellness program has a significant impact on the employees' job satisfaction.
The purpose of the current study is to investigate the likelihood of people employed in the restaurant industry of different positions, length of tenure and training levels, to intervene when noticing a food safety threat. The study will assess the perceived severity of the threat and the impact of social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, that may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment.
The purpose of this paper is to explore digital marketing and tourism with a focus on opportunities for Africa as a case study by combining integrative literature review and content analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the students' satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency from an historically black colleges and universities (HBCU) perspective, specifically in relation to the quality of food, ambience, value, food and beverage options, and service and if service satisfaction leads to their dining frequency. In addition, this study also tests these relationships across two distinct groups of students, i.e. residents and commuters.
The purpose of this research study was to examine the factors affecting consumers' behavioral intentions (BIs) to use hotel smartphone apps. The specific objectives of the study were to assess the effects of perceived usefulness (PU), perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived credibility (PC), perceived change risk (PCR), perceived equipment risk (PER) and psychological resistance (PR).
The purpose of the current study is to identify and compare the characteristics of culinary fans and culinary critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S. state of Florida. More specifically, the study aims to compare fans and critics of these destinations on several factors, including sociodemographics, psychographics, and behavioral characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a set of introductory Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots based on an extensive literature review. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between demographic factors and travel motivation among leisure tourists in Tanzania. Specifically, this study aims to examine whether the importance of travel motivations differs among the two groups of tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to test the hypothesis that nondestination gaming locations are more resistant to recessionary pressures than destination locations on the basis of gaming volume and employment. It also investigates the impact of the Great Recession on gaming and employment levels before, and after, the recession.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of contracting out school meals in a rural school district in Florida, USA. The paper aims to examine how the contracting out of school meals has affected the quality and economic impact of school food service operations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether guests' tipping motivations ( server and food quality and adherence to social norms) and demographic characteristics (i.e. gender, age and income) influence loyalty to the server in a restaurant.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the importance of sustainable practices for quick service restaurant (QSR) consumers and if perceptions of QSR brand practice perceptions or QSR consumer sustainable behaviors impacted purchase behaviors. Specifically, QSR purchase behaviors were assessed in relation to a willingness to pay a premium (WTPP) in the QSR context.
The purpose of this paper is to examine gender differences in motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the psychological influence that the presence (vs the absence) of music has on consumers' evaluations of the service environment. Specifically, it investigates how emotion regulation processes and the impact of emotions/mood are linked to consumers' evaluation of service and product quality.
The first point of contact a potential guest has with a hotel is often when they access the hotel website on their computer or mobile device. The website presentation, including both its appearance as well as the time it takes the website to load is the hotel's first opportunity to serve the customer. As the first impression, a page's load time has the potential to influence consumers' opinion of the hotel for better or worse, particularly for first-time visitors. Internet marketing research has identified that when a web page fails to load in the time expected, consumers are dissatisfied and generally abandon the website in favor of competing websites that load more quickly. This represents a service gap in the website's performance. The purpose of this paper is to examine the state of hotel website load times across the industry, comparing website load time against best practice for both desktop and mobile devices.
The China MICE Cities Alliance (CMCA) was founded in September 2012 and boasted 17 member cities at the end of 2016. The purpose of this paper is to empirically analyze CMCA member cities and enrich the research on urban MICE competitiveness from the supply side.
In response to the increasingly more rigorous requirements of accrediting organizations, calls for greater accountability from state governing bodies, and student demands for an education that prepares them for a career, many hospitality programs and their faculty are in the process of modifying what they teach and how they teach it. The focus is shifting from faculty covering course content in relatively passive lecture formats to uncovering content by focusing on specific program and course learning outcomes and by actively involving students in their own learning. This movement from teacher-centered to learner-centered instruction is characterized by designing intended learning outcomes for students and then providing a process or system that leads to the attainment of those learning outcomes. The assessment of student learning, or more accurately termed the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes, requires an articulated and detailed process that, if effectively implemented, increases the likelihood of the achievement of the appropriate student learning outcomes (Alstete, 1995). The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a recommended closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process for hospitality programs. The first step in transparency and accountability should be the posting of program and course learning outcomes on the program's website.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges that chefs and restaurateurs of Hong Kong's Japanese restaurants have used to break into the market. This paper seeks to explore how the Japanese restaurant market in Hong Kong has evolved over the years.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the key antecedents and consequences of perceived value (PV) in the restaurant industry and to develop a holistic model of price-quality-value-satisfaction-loyalty relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to examine undergraduate students' program and institutional support characteristics that may relate to PGA Golf Management University Program (PGA-GMUP) student cohort intent to persist.
The purpose of this paper is to explore perceptions of millennials about the impact of human brand characteristics on nonhuman brand characteristics within the context of hospitality brands. In particular, this study intends to explore the relationship between human brand credibility and human brand equity and nonhuman brands' credibility and brand equity. Furthermore, this research intends to also explore the influence of human brands on their own equity.
The purpose of this study is to examine employee job satisfaction comments from a hospitality resort organization to explore which factors impact job satisfaction, with an in-depth analysis of comments written in Spanish from employees working in a primarily English-speaking hospitality organization.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic review of previous works to facilitate potential new areas where more deep research is needed. This study, therefore, conducts a systematic literature review to facilitate the development of geoeconomic and geopolitical theory development and uncover new areas for future research. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and understand the importance level and the satisfaction level of students with regard to a number of measurement items related to English medium instruction (EMI) in shipping and maritime courses before conducting factor and cluster analysis on the findings.
The purpose of this paper is to critically evaluate the impact that the Maritime Labour Convention ("MLC 2006") has on the welfare of Greek seafarers who normally work onboard Greek merchant ships; in detail, it aims: to evaluate the existing legal framework for seafarers' welfare; to assess the role of the government and shipping companies in safeguarding MLC 2006 standards relating to seafarer welfare; and to examine the compliance with MLC2006 in Greece, and to identify the problems and deficiencies in safeguarded seafarer's welfare.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the preferences of potential cruisers toward cruise tourism in Japan and identify the factors influencing their participation in cruise tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of blue economy factors on economic growth in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries (SAARC) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run relationship between fish production, marine trade balance and foreign direct investment (FDI) in Oman. In this study, the authors are trying to answer if fish productions have a long- run impact on the marine tradebalance, and does ongoing growth of fish production in Oman attract FDI.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the root causes of port state controls (PSC) detentions in the Black Sea Region based on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the help of a strategic management approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the perspectives of Korean logistics companies and shippers that use multimodal transportation via the Trans-Siberian Railway (TSR) for effective Northern Logistics.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the major inland logistics service attributes in Chinese landlocked regions from the customers' perspective. This study aims to identify the accurate priorities for improving the types of inland logistics services attributes.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the direct and spillover effects of liner shipping connectivity on merchandise trade. The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) created a liner shippingconnectivity index (LSCI) to measure each country's shipping connections to the global maritime transport network. The LSCIs provide an annual, comprehensive and timely account of this connectivity worldwide. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, collaborative decision-making and logistics service performance for container shipping firms based on organizational information processing theory.
The purpose of this paper is to measure and compare the productivity of major shipyards in China, South Korea and Japan. Additionally, the technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in these three countries are measured and compared.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationships between port aesthetics, destination image, tourist satisfaction and tourist loyalty in the case of harbor cruise tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a framework and identify the attributes that influence cruise ship sustainable consumption (SC) practices, such that the sustainable performance of cruise lines can be enhanced. This study contributes to the literature by offering a hierarchical framework for SC literature and confirming the role of this issue in improving the cruise industry sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a regression model for estimating the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the container-to-yard arrangement (YAP) for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the seaside operations at marine container terminals with a primary focus on the berth scheduling problem (BSP). The BSP is a decision problem, in which the arriving vessels have to be assigned to the available berthing positions, and the order of vessel service has to be determined for each berthing position.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the evaluation of average performance measures under queuing phenomena by means of analytical methods. The suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas are worthy of investigation. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas, and propose both the possibility and the necessity of establishing a multimodal transportation system through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey and the modal splits model.
The purpose of this paper is to provide the first insights in the decision making process regarding market share for grains and the optimal utilization of the Panama Canal system. The ensuing logit model developed for this research could be used to understand the odds of grains vessel originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama canal and will be part of the discussion regarding future market share of grains at the waterway.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision support tool (DST) for the deployment of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) fleet, which will support the decision maker on a tactical level. More specifically, the objective is to optimally deploy an LNG fleet from the scope of the shipowner, assigning vessels to most favourable contracts that service cargoes for trade routes between liquefaction and regasification terminals.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potentials of autonomous surface ships (MASS) in the maritime industry and to identify the legal issues that need to be addressed by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) for their safe operation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine performance change across Irish ports and identify the internal and external drivers that have influenced performance change over time.
The purpose of this paper is to study the governing regulations on shipping conferences in Taiwan along with investigating the evolution of EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the European Union (EU) to repeal conference system; in addition, am empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference system.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between institutions and transportation infrastructure, and to quantify the role of transportation in mediating the effect of institutions on average income.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systematic review of risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry and an analysis of the effectiveness of the identified strategies. This paper aims to address the following research questions: What are the potential strategies that can mitigate risk in container shipping operations? What strategy(ies) is (are) the most important to be addressed?
The purpose of this paper is to determine the magnitude of additional empty container movements (AECM) arising from seasonality in full container movements in Turkish terminals.
The purpose of this paper is to address the problem of routing a fixed number of private trucks with limited capacity from a central warehouse to customers with known demand and time windows. The objective is to develop a heuristic algorithm to route the private trucks and to make a selection of less-than-truckload carriers by minimizing a total cost function.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the implication of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective on the cargo ship profitability, capacity, and speed in the tramp shipping.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the effect of China's potential domestic emission control area (DECA) with a 0.1 per cent sulphur limit on sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions from ships.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential of Malaysian seaports to become a hub for tourism activity. Four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysianseaport to be hub for tourist activities.
The purpose of this paper is to present a framework aiming at measuring the perceptions of port users - such as shipping companies - on port performance. With port users' perceptions being the missing link in port performance measuring tools, the paper suggests a framework that can lead to a comprehensive approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the challenges of creating and implementing standardisation in European intermodal transport chains. The authors focus on the role of standardisation for interoperability, quality and safety, which leads to better performance.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors which add value and enhance the attractiveness of the maritime cluster of the port of Piraeus in Greece. The paper proposes a robust framework for measuring the attractiveness and performance of a maritime cluster with the use of a Maritime Cluster Performance Index.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the liability of the shipper for mis-declaration of cargo details such as weight, number and quality of cargoes stuffed in the container in the context of inland container transportation laws in the USA. The paper also attempts to identify the various arguments which will further enhance the general standards of container security if inland container security laws are amended.
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) has been very active in formulating regulations in an effort to minimize pollution released from ships either in the marine environment or in the atmosphere. A regulation focusing on the sulfur emissions has been introduced by the IMO and will be put into force on January 1, 2020. The global sulfur cap, as the regulation is called, will limit the sulfur content of the fuel used for vessels' propulsion to 0.5 per cent. This regulation is part of ANNEX VI of the MARPOL convention: Regulations for the Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of the sulfur cap on the shipping industry.
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is that portion of a land-based constituent of "Belt and Road Initiative" (BRI) strategy which connects its oceanic routes at the point of Gwadar Port in southern Pakistan. It is situated at a strategic location where the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road (MSR) and Silk Road Economic Belt (SREB) connect. Therefore, it may be regarded as a key project of the BRI. Some of the international analysts regarded CPEC as a "game changer" for the region. However, this strategic rationale is a noteworthy challenge for Pakistan and China. Since then, Pakistan Navy has initiated its strategic missions such as its Special Task Force-88 (The CPEC Bulletin, 2017). As maritime traffic-flow through the Gwadars Port is anticipated to increase significantly, eventually maritime security is a dependent variable for the success of CPEC project. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the potential for utilising the internalisation of external costs as an appropriate policy instrument to contribute to the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from freight transport.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a global review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the abatement of shipping emissions to air. This paper also aims to identify and classify these measures and policies.
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of legal compliance on compliance costs with maritime environmental legislation as part of a more comprehensive research project on compliance cost effects. The commercial shipping industry is characterised by increased possibilities to avoid regulation via moving assets that may easily be relocated to other jurisdictions, varying levels of enforcement of international rules in port states, global commons in the form of international waters where enforcement is hardly possible, at times colliding interests between flag and port states with regard to environmental protection and offering low-cost solutions to shippers and a generally secretive and fragmented nature.
Business process management (BPM) is a relatively new management discipline which includes activities to identify, design, execute, document, measure, monitor, control and promote improvements in an organization's processes and consequently effectively meet business objectives. The purpose of this paper is to examine the application of BPM, defined as the discipline discipline of strengthening organizational performance via procedural modeling, re-engineering and cross-organizational (holistic) performance monitoring, in the port sector.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the sources of efficiency changes at 23 major Asian container ports for the period from 2000 to 2007 and to decompose the sources into technical, scale and technological efficiency gains.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal moored areas to reduce the illegal transferring of private moorings to reduce illegal transferring and subletting.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of a passing ship on a moored container vessel moored at a quay wall in a restricted channel. The passing distance, side-to-side, decreases with increasing ship width. The larger displacement of the vessels adds to the passing force increment. It is thus needed to assess these effects on moored ships.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of marine production manufacturing on gross domestic product (GDP) indicators in the GCC countries, which is an important region in the world in the assessment of risks surrounding critical region.
The purpose of this paper is to understand passengers' perceptions of safety marketing stimuli, safety awareness, and safety behaviour in the ferry services context. Drawing on the stimuli-response model of consumer behaviour, this study aimed to fill the highlighted research gaps by conducting confirmatory analysis to examine how safety marketing stimulus dimensions affect passengers' safety awareness and behaviours.
The purpose of this paper is to review literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. In updating the concentration and deconcentration factors compiled by Ducruet et al. (2009b), the aim is to understand how these factors evolve over time and identify a future research agenda for peripheral ports.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current status of professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain in Hong Kong. This paper aims to provide an in-depth understanding of the current state of professional education in the industry and identify the factors that have influenced the professionalization process.
The purpose of this paper is to present a wicked problem approach for mitigating cyberattacks on ships and port systems. The purpose of the approach is to use the concept of a "wicked problem" to understand the nature of cyberattacks and how they can be mitigated.
The purpose of this paper is to explore logistics performance measurement (PM) practices and metrics adopted in measuring strategic and operational performance in a context characterized by high complexity and volatility, specifically offshore logistics. The importance placed on specific upstream logistics performance metrics of the supplier in complex environments is assessed and the applicability and relevance of measures in specific environmental contexts are evaluated.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive review of the literature on protectionist and liberalised maritime cabotage policies and to identify the main features of each policy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of recent developments in alliance membership over the period from 2013 to 2017 on liner connectivity for each of the three major container transshipment hubs for the Asia-Europe trade route.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the crucial service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services based on the SERVQUAL scale and examine the associations between the factors and its influence on customer satisfaction.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether the research stream on strategic issues in the maritime logistics industry is ready to be called as an academic discipline or simply an application of existing strategic management theories and constructs in the context of maritime studies.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the Istanbul maritime sector by using the cluster approach. Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage. Countries use maritime clusters as a global competition tool to increase their global competition power in the maritime sector. They generally locate their maritime transportation and ship/yacht building and maritime equipment sub-sectors on the periphery. It is imperative for Turkey to develop its maritime capacity in the near future.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between the shipbuilding market and the economic cycle, using a novel non-linear econometric approach. The paper aims to discuss not only the cycle but also the effect that specific elements (e.g. steel price, world trade) in different phases of the cycle have on the ship building market.
The purpose of this paper is to test for the burst of bubbles in the international dry bulk shipping market using the log periodic power law (LPPL) model. The LPPL model provides a framework to detect bubbles and forecast their most probable end.
The cruise industry is considered one of the fastest growing segments in the shipping industry. China is the driver of passenger growth in Asia, adding 770,000 more cruise travellers, creating a 66 per cent annual growth rate in 2012. The purpose of this paper is to apply a game theory model to demonstrate the interaction of key players in the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically test the hypothesis that increased competition between European ports induces inefficiency through excessive investment. If it is the case that a high level of competition between ports tends to cause overcapacity, we should expect to find that intensity of competition has a significantly negative impact on efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and prioritize the operational risks in container shipping systems by using cognitive assessment technique. The paper aims to provide a systematic approach for risk assessment and prioritization.
The purpose of this paper is to examine anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and PRC, and show the different arguments for and against these shipping conference legislation.
Introducing English-medium instruction (EMI) in university courses has increased in recent years in East Asia in general and for shipping-related courses in Taiwan in particular. However, introducing and implementing EMI teaching has been accompanied by a number of issues. These can be broadly categorised as: students often lack sufficient vocabulary and have difficulty fluently expressing their academic thinking; course material can be unsuitable (e.g. students have difficulty in learning using English- medium material due to their English ability); Chinese and English languages are used interchangeably in texts; and there are significant differences in students' levels of English in a class, and teachers find it difficult to adopt a uniform standard in any course assessments. The purpose of this paper is to investigate these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of organizational motivation on employee job satisfaction and their effects on organizational performance in container shipping firms in Taiwan.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate some feasible options for expanding an existing container terminal at Bangkok Port. The Bangkok Port Authority is planning to expand the capacity of the container terminal. The basic factors influencing terminal expansion are terminal layout and equipment; however, for such changes to take place, annual container throughput must be considered. The modification of terminal layouts involves both width and length dimensions. A forecast of the volumes of import and export containers is the most important input into the planning and the operation of Bangkok Port and government offices.
The purpose of this case study is to observe the impacts of deviations from standard daily procedures on company performance to better understand the long-term implications of such events. Carnival Cruise Line (CCL) is the world's most popular cruise line; this is a result of great prices for consumers and a strong, credible brand reputation. CCL has a strong track record for reliability and high quality; however, within the past decade, there have been several notable deviations fromstandard daily procedure that have altered the way CCL does business. The largest threats to human safety and company performance have become mechanical malfunctions and human error. The authors investigated to what extent product differentiation provided by subsidiaries impacted CCL performance and to shed greater light on potential industry fall out.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the latest alliances' development and examine possible acquisition and cooperation options for shipping lines based in the Greater China Region by proposing a new cooperation dimension across alliances on empty container repositioning (ECR) for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel memetic algorithm (MA) with a deterministic parameter control to assist the marine container terminal (MCT) operators with construction of efficient berth schedules.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of leader-member exchange (LMX) and safety climate on port workers' safety organizational citizenship behaviors (SOCB) and the mediating role of safety climate.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan and the transport choice of frozen fishes from the fishing vessels of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011 and to provide an overview of the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the Hong Kong International arbitration centre.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an in-depth study of Maritime Labour Convention (MLC) Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect the crew comfort and well-being on board.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the potential benefits of sailing the Northern Sea Route (NSR) between Europe and far East Asian ports such as Shanghai and Kaohsiung. The authors focus on NSR, given its relation to trade between Asia and Europe and also including the major ports in China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of mid-stream operation (MSO) in Hong Kong's port and its impact on the operation of public cargo working areas (PCWAs) in the Central Business District (CBD).
The purpose of this paper is to develop an assessment methodology using a Bayesian network (BN) to predict the failure probability of oil tanker shipping firms.
The stunning growth of container ship sizes which is shown in Figure 1 is only powered by the economies of scale effect. It is the purpose of this paper to question whether a positive effect still remains at present mega ship sizes and, even if this was the case, whether such effects would be outweighed by costly operational impacts for the lines out of the huge ship sizes.
The purpose of this paper is to address the challenges maritime firms face in adopting the new revenue recognition standard, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and creates Topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers. The standard replaces International Accounting Standard (IAS) 18 "Revenue" and IAS 11 "Construction contracts", and it is effective since January 1, 2017 (earlier application is voluntary) (IFRS, 2014).
The purpose of this paper is to see if the new fuel-efficient bulkers are a threat to the existing fleet of bulk carriers or not.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of the Panama Canal as a major conduit for international maritime trade. The Panama Canal, connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, is perhaps the most crucial piece of infrastructure supporting the free flow of international trade in the western hemisphere.
The purpose of this paper is to study the proposed Boankra Inland Port Project and the influence of its implementation on supply chain management in Ghana and other landlocked countries. The paper will introduce the dry port concept and investigate its feasibility, characteristics and economic effects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the internationalisation of individual companies in liner shipping. It updates and perhaps challenges McCalla et al.'s (2004) observation regarding greater conformity in market coverage by asking whether the path towards internationalisation is a strategic pattern that is equally pursued by individual companies.
The purpose of this paper is to model the price formation for individual newbuilding contracts and, specifically, assess the impact of yard and shipowner heterogeneity while controlling for other key variables such as shipyard experience and delivery lead time.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the key success factors (KSFs) of international market development (IMD) in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry and to identify the relationships among them.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the amount of distractions faced by Malaysian seafarers while serving the shipboard operation due to the recognized distraction factors among seafarers at their workplace.
The location of hub ports is a key problem that significantly impacts decision making in liner shipping network design, because large ships or mega-ships are usually deployed to serve hub ports, and small ships are used to serve feeder ports. Generally, any transshipment port can be regarded as a hub port. The purpose of this paper is to investigate a hierarchical hub location problem, in which the authors distinguish between regional and international hub ports.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a model of inland-depots-for-empty-containers (IDEC) that solves the empty container problem in the hinterland of ports by considering regional repositioning. By doing so, the authors expand the notions of Mittal (2008) by looking at this particular problem from a more realistic single-company point of view.
The purpose of this paper is to present a novel mathematical model that addresses the tidal effects on berth scheduling (both in terms of vessel arrival and departure/from the berth) at multiple marine container terminals with tidal considerations.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the current competitive positions of Spanish cruise ports; and to explain the different features of the competitive positions obtained through a portfolio analysis technique.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the international logistics policies between the UK and Taiwan from international logistics service providers' perspective. This study categorizes 16 logistics policies into four factors as "Regulation and integration", "Infrastructure", "Sustainable management" and "Education and training".
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system (CNRS) in a gate automation system in a port terminal.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of work performance of seafarers and to identify the factors that influence the work performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the concept of collateral lies in the context of marine insurance. The purpose of the collateral lies is to cover the loss or damage caused by the assured's lack of due diligence. The collateral lies are those documents that are used in support of an otherwise genuine claim.
The purpose of this paper is to shed a light on ports' internal and external factors affecting their homeporting potential. A sample of 47 Mediterranean ports are selected to form the basis for the development of an empirical model which links the likelihood of ports to attract homeport traffic with seven explanatory variables emerged from relevant literature.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between three institutional pressures (i.e. coercive, normative and mimetic pressure), alternative maritime power (AMP) practice and environmental performance of shipping liners and port corporations and to determine whether adopting AMP practice is worth the effort of these organizations in terms of environmental performance.
The International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) is a treaty that requires signatory flag states to ensure that ships flagged by them comply with minimum safety standards in construction, equipment and operation. However, from time to time, marine accidents would happen because of the misdeclaration of container weight by the shipper. Because of these accidents, which caused great concerns to the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the IMO recommended that the SOLAS be amended to ensure safer working environment to seafarers. The purpose of this paper is to examine the application of the verified gross mass rules (VGM) in Hong Kong.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the five-factor model (FFM) model to the freight forwarding service industry.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the key risk factors faced by the container shipping industry from the dual perspective of both the logistics service companies and their customers (located in Turkey, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya).
The purpose of this paper is to provide an empirically validated approach to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria for container seaports in Taiwan.
The purpose of this paper is to propose two mixed-integer non-integer mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas (ECAs). The objective of the models is to minimize the total route service cost.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a review of cruise shipping and the cruise industry and proposes some research opportunities by analogizing from the research problems of liner shipping and by considering the characteristics of cruise Shipping.
The purpose of this paper is to review the development of the seafaring profession in Hong Kong from 1960 to 2015 and to make recommendations for the future.
The purpose of this paper is to review fundamental theories and practical challenges behind irrationality in the shipping asset management. The major motives of the emergence of behavioural research stand on the inconsistencies between conventional assumptions behind economic interpretations and the practice of economic decision makers (particularly individuals' preferences). The prospect theory and subsequent theories of Kahneman and Tversky (1979) played a significant role, and it is thought to be a milestone in behavioural research.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study on the Israeli port of Haifa by examining the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at the ports from daytime to nighttime. The paper focused on the question whether it is worthwhile to increase the subsidy under Israel's "Good Night" program for diverting truck trips from the daytime to the nighttime.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a new innovative means of container stacking/storage as a potential solution for overcoming the problem of limited container yard space. The growth of international seaborne trade is reflected by the increase of container ships, container throughput and container terminals. The trend of container growth can therefore continue to gradually increase in the future without being limited by the need for more space. As containerisation continues to grow, it is essential to think of ways that would cater to the increased demand.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical success factors of international ship finance centre (ISFC) and apply the findings to the case of Shanghai.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the banking sector's credit granting policy for the yacht industry in Taiwan.
The purpose of this paper is to profile the coal containerization in China and determine whether it is a counter-intuitive phenomenon. After all, the price difference between container and bulk transport is supposed to be greatly large while the value of coal is relatively low. However, one recent phenomenon is that the lump coal is sorted out from the northern ports and then transported in containers to the south in China.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a coordinated control strategy for a battery/supercapacitor hybrid energy storage system (HESS) combining battery and super-capacitors (SC) to eliminate unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid.
Oscillations are a common cause of performance degradation of process control system. It is important for engineers and operators to correctly identify the root cause of oscillations as soon as possible. However, due to the disturbances of noises, periodicities, nonlinearities and nonstationarities, it is difficult to achieve the goal. Therefore, a lot of data-driven causality analysis methods have been introduced to reveal the propagation paths and locate the root causes in the past decade. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel causality method based on denoising and periodicity-removing cross-correlation function (CCM) for analyzing relationships in complex systems.
The most common shapes of permanent magnet used in mechanical structures are cuboid, cylinder and sphere. Interaction between permanent magnets is popularly used in many fields such as electromechanical system, industrial robots, magnetic machineries, vibration energy harvesters and some other frontier researches, because of its special character such as nonlinearity and noncontact. Therefore, accurate magnetic force calculation is the key to effectively design and analyze the performance and property of a system in which permanent magnet takes part. Magnetic force calculation based on equivalent models is more understandable and acceptable, used in the design and analysis of mechanical engineering. Equivalent model describing magnet is a classical hot research topic. Among several equivalent models proposed before, how to choose the most appropriate and efficient equivalent model for different permanent magnets still requires further discussion. This paper aims to discuss these issues.
The research on control methods for robots has obtained abundant achievements. However, an actual robot system is restricted to several factors, including system modeling accuracy, environmental uncertainty, parameter identification ability and real-time calculation ability. Therefore, most modern control theory strategies based on the accurate mathematical model of a specific system generally remain in the theoretical design. PID control is still the most common form of controller in the existing robot systems, particularly at the joint control level. The dynamics of robot system consists many unmodeled parts and time-varying disturbances such as the payload effect. These can restrict the control law design and reduce the control performance of the conventional sliding mode control (SMC). To improve the robustness of conventional SMC, some classical control design tools such as Riccati approach, LMI-based approach, adaptive approach and adaptive approach are utilized in control law designs. However these methods use the assumption that uncertainties are essentially H2 norm-bounded, which is sometimes unreasonable for practical systems
Tunnel boring machine (TBM) is a complex special equipment used for tunnel excavating, which integrates cutting of surrounding rock, slagging, hole formation, grouting and auxiliary system for consecutive excavation operations. It is involved with mechanical engineering, control engineering, materials engineering and electric engineering as an aggregation. Compared with traditional digging methods, this equipment has obvious advantages on such as safety and reliability, fast digging speed, low impact on the surrounding environment of construction and low comprehensive cost. It has been widely used in many infrastructure constructions since it appears, including subway tunnels, water conservancy, railway tunnel and even in national defense facilities for each country. Therefore, the state-of-the-art technologies integrated in this special equipment have received many attentions from academic community and industrial enterprises. In industry, famous manufacturers include China Railway Engineering Equipment Group, Robbins, Herrenknecht, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Komatsu. However, there still exists many challenges in TBM tunnel
In order to ensure the endurance of electric vehicle and protect the running state of battery pack at the same time, the collaborative estimation of state of charge (SOC), state of health (SOH), remaining useful life (RUL) and other issues of on-board battery is gradually becoming the focus of domestic and foreign scholars. Although many scholars have done research in battery SOC control, but the synergistic control of SOC and SOH is still ineffective.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method for calculating Partial Observer Canonical Form (POCF) of multi-output nonlinear forced system from the perspective of observable decomposition.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of external debt on the economic growth of Bangladesh, within the purview of monetary policy, fiscal policy and trade policy. The objective of this study is to explore the relationship between external debt and growth and how the macroeconomic policy index (MEP) can soothe to some extent or nullify the negative effect of external debts.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of personality dimensions (extroversion, agreeableness, openness to experience, emotional stability and conscientiousness) on turnover intention of software engineers working in multinational communication and information technology companies in Pakistani culture. This study takes psychological contract (PC) as a whole to test mediation between personality dimensions and turnover intention.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of natural resources in economic growth in Pakistan. The paper aims to examine whether natural resources play a vital role in the economic growth of the economy.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of unexpected inventory changes in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) news on the volatility of energy futures returns and analysts' forecast accuracy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors of Pakistan stock exchange (PSE).
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of gold and oil prices on the stock market in Pakistan. The paper also tries to explore that investors would like to invest in stock market or gold prices. The objective of the study is to determine the relation between oil prices and stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the competition and analyses if there are differences between sizes (regarding competition) in the private banking sector using a non-structural approach developed by Panzar and Rosse (2008).
The purpose of this paper is to determine the customer segmentation of sea transportation users of PT Pelindo I in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the differential impact of monetary policy shocks on different sectors/components of aggregate demand through different channels of transmission in India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the short- and long-term relationships between exchange rate changes and stock market indices volatility of Brazil, Russia, India, China, China and South-Africa (BRICS) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of female participation in the boardroom on the efficiency of intellectual capital as well as firm performance using 14 listed banks on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-C (TABC) model with its elements being indicators of destination competitiveness (DC). In this model, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TA), B stand for tourism basics (TB) and C stands for tourist context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century in the tourism field.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how loss-aversion and overconfidence biases of investors affect the stock market performance of US companies. This study links psychological research and a modified basic model to investigate the influence of investor sentiment on market performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test a model of variables for assessing the quality of marketing-management education, which was defined in terms of students' learning outcomes and the university's competitive positioning.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of macroeconomic indicators such as GDP per capita, foreign trade transactions, the employment capacity, the unemployment rate and the size of the industry sector on the tax burden of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the optimal inflation targets in a panel of 15 major oil-exporting Sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries using annual data over the period 1996-2017.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between corporate governance (GOV) and business innovation (INOV) in the context of listed Moroccan companies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the mediating role of adoption of an electronic tax system in the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance in small business enterprises (SBEs) in Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of pensionomics as a multi-disciplinary approach to evaluate pension schemes' overall performance. The paper proposes a new analytical framework to evaluate the overall performance of pension schemes based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which employee job satisfaction and job embeddedness predict manufacturing employee turnover intentions in the Southeastern USA.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the Granger causal relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic variables: inflation rate and real interest rate.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations between stock prices, inflation rates, interest rates, and real interest rates using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to determine how efficient were the 32 entities of the Mexican Republic in the use of their economic and social resources to generate and distribute income during the period 1990-2015. The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the present bias model of hyperbolic discounting which, according to the empirical evidence, has a better adjustment than the more restrictive exponential discounting as it allows for intertemporal inconsistencies. The authors find that individuals pay a cost when they are victims of present bias temptation and analyze the decision paths agents follow when their behavioural characteristics vary: impatience, optimism, wealth and other initial conditions.
Financial markets constitute challenging subjects of study that attract the interest of economists, psychologist and other scholars. Its expected performance is highly based on our conceptions about rationality of agents involved, along with the proper availability of data sources for informed decision-making. Asymmetry of information is almost evident when considering the great variety of investors that operate in financial markets, from sophisticated institutional investors to noisy traders with different time horizons and disparate level of sophistication in their level of analysis of business facts and economic trends. This asymmetry also comes from the fact that the goals of investors and quoted corporations do not always coincide. Within corporations, there is also a gap between the purpose of those in charge of the corporate government and the providers of financial capital. Investment decisions imply data search and processing, and this process could be initiated by means of search engines like Google; so, there exists the hypothesis that online popularity and market behavior can be somehow connected (Preis et al., 2013). An in-depth research on these links
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine whether accounting quality is improved after the convergence process of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) in Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an alternative formula for the traditional one-stage constant growth model, in which the authors incorporate restrictions to consider the loss of competitive advantage to limit the period in which extraordinary returns will exist. This restriction will prevent overestimation of the long term value of the returns in the long run.
The purpose of this paper is to study the informational efficiency of American depository receipts (ADRs) through the examination of eight seasonal patterns in this market: the month-of-the-year effect, the quarter-of the year effect and the half-ofThe-month effect.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the influence of board role performance and isomorphic forces on internet financial reporting (IFR) adoption.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the behavior of the transaction costs (TC) structures in Peru and the USA over three dimensions: the type and number of stocks, the holding period of the portfolio and the selected trading strategy.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss first through a brief literature review and second by assembling a straightforward simulation model, the ability markets have to self-regenerate, albeit they are systematically hit by individual behaviour that disrupts confidence and trustworthiness. The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have toself-regulate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the financial performance of USA Hockey, Inc. (USH). USH is the national non-profit sports organization (NNSO) that governs the sport of hockey in the USA - with a mission to: provide the foundation for the sport in America; help young people become leaders, even Olympic heroes; and connect the game at every level while promoting a lifelong love of the sport.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the DeLone and McLean (2003) model and the Seddon (1997) model (with one additional variation), applied to a Business Intelligent System (BIS) in a developing country, Peru.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of conventional banks' profitability in developing and underdeveloped Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) countries using a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 countries, members in OIC, for a long period (20 years).
The purpose of this study was to explore how small-to- medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) leaders in Lagos, Nigeria, use information and communication technology (ICT) adoption as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally. The aim of this paper is to advance knowledge on the factors that affect ICT adoption in developing countries, particularly within SMEs in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of elections on the performances of banks in Ghana, a country in sub-Saharan Africa, which is democratically young, but considered a beacon of democracy on the African continent. The main issue addressed in this study is, given Ghana's unique nature, would an election year affect the performance of its banks? Putting it differently, should banks be averse to elections?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the return and volatility spillover across equity markets between China and Southeast Asian countries over the period January 2001 to February 2013.
The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, the evolution of co-authorship as a way of collaborative endeavor and its influence in the academic production in the fields of Economics in the country, and second, to provide information on the changes that the economic research has shown through the presentations in the Annual Meeting of the Asociacion Argentina de Economia Politica (AAEP) in Argentina. The goal of the paper is to present a dimension of the evolution in economic production and prevalent economic thought in Argentina in a time span of 40 years.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse owners or managers' perceptions about their innovation capabilities, and the relationship of these capabilities with financial and nonfinancial performance in Colombian micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between financial development and economic growth for a panel of five major emerging economies (BRICS) (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, China and South Africa) during 1993 to 2014.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the behaviour of secondary equity investors residing in Chennai by testing the relationship between the income earned and the behavioural biases exhibited.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the long run impact of institutional quality on foreign direct investment (FDI) concerning the Canadian economy by applying the auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) approach.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the significant predictors and to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the decision tree model.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of bank capital on bank performance and risk in the banking sector of emerging economy. This investigation has considered Bangladesh as an ideal laboratory to examine the relationship between bank capital and risk.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. The study adds to the existing literature on labour hoarding by estimating a production function approach.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the impact of good governance practices on the performance of microfinance institutions (MFIs) in South Asia. The authors study the different dimensions of MFIs' governance (such as chief executive officer [CEO] duality, board size, female CEO, urban market, bank regulation and individual lending) to investigate how they influence the financial and social performance of South Asian MFIs.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the validity of capital asset pricing model (CAPM), Fama and French (1992) three-factor model and the presence of market timing in the emerging stock market of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of ownership composition on earnings management. Specifically, this research will include the influence of institutional and other relevant blockholders on the earnings management of companies listed on the Mexican stock exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia while taking into consideration bank-specific characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to assess knowledge relatedness as a possible determinant of business innovation performance. Knowledge relatedness is understood as the degree of similarity between a company's knowledge with respect to its parent company, i.e. the company that the entrepreneur left to found his/her own company.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the passive social power of preadolescent children and the legitimate social power (LSP) of their expert social power on the influence perception of their mothers in Peruvian toy stores.
The purpose of this paper is to analizo las practicas de earnings management para evitar reportar perdidas o disminuciones en el beneficio neto de una firma.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the evolution of venture capital (VC) research over a period of 25 years by using bibliometric indicators.
La actividad bursatil, medida como volumen, valor transado o numero de operaciones, es el proposito central de los mercados financieros secundarios. Naturalmente, su variabilidad y reduccion sustancial afecta las decisiones de los agentes, en particular de aquellos que gestionan portafolios de gran tamano, tanto para sus posiciones activas como pasivas. Asimismo, se ha identificado como una variable importante del desarrollo oficial de un mercado. Por esto, es importante comprender las variables que la determinan y su evolucion, especialmente en un mercados accionario emergente como el colombiano.
The purpose of this paper is to study the factors influencing gold prices in Saudi Arabia by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015.
The purpose of this paper is to test whether the health-care price inflation rate in the USA is stationary, using panel unit root tests that have more statistical power and relatively less size distortions. Implicit in the presence and persistence of a unit root in health- Care Price Inflation rates at the panel level are the roles of some major determinants of the speed of the adjustment of health- care prices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the behavior of stock returns in the current year in comparison to its behavior in previous year by applying the gray model.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effects of institutional quality and the development of the banking system on the maturity of corporate debt in two Latin American countries.
The purpose of this paper is to presentan los resultados del impacto economico a corto plazo, sobre la ciudad de Santiago de Cali y su area metropolitana (en adelante AM), asociado a la celebracion de la IX edicion de los Juegos Mundiales (World Games) 2013 Cali.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interest among the key players in the securitization food chain, including homeowners, mortgage originators, investment banks and investors in the 2008 financial crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of liquidity in asset pricing in a tiny market such as the Portuguese one.
The recognition heuristic predicts that when facing a challenge to choose between two objects and only one of them is familiar, the individual will always choose the familiar object. The main objective of this paper is to study whether recognized stocks produce abnormal returns on a consistent basis.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the valuation performance of mathematically-optimised, equity-based composite multiples models in each of six key industries in South Africa for the period 2001-2010. The objective is to ascertain whether industry-specific, equity based, compositemultiples models offer higher degrees of valuation precision vis-a-vis industry-based, equitybased, single-factor models.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how banks in Tunisia can develop fairly accurate quantitative prediction models that can serve as very early warning signals for counterparty defaults. Previous works look at business failure prediction from the mid-term and long-term prospects (failure vs non-failure). In this paper, the authors look at the short-term prospect (non-payment of short-payment at maturity).
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the short-term effect of state immigration legislation on the stock of undocumented population in Arizona. In particular, the author studies the Arizona Senate Bill 1070 enacted in 2010 (SB 1070), which is arguably one of the strictest state immigration bills passed in recent years.
The purpose of this paper is to explicate el concepto de dependencia serial de largo plazo en el indice bursatil chileno, a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado, para predecir el comportamiento de sus rendimientos futuros.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the differences between the determinants of the capital structure management between Latin American and US firms after the 2008 crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of more energy consumption on economic growth in net energy-importing countries. The paper also examines the role of energy consumption as a determinant of economic growth for net energy importing countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the behavior of the volatility of interbank interest rates in developed and emerging countries. In particular, this paper examines the impact of the US Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC's) monetary policy on the interbank deposit certificate (CDI) interest rate.
The purpose of this paper is to take full advantage of the big data of railway wagon flow accumulated by Railway Transport Information Integration Platform and recognize wagon routing locus patterns intelligently by mining the history information of wagon routing in order to forecast the wagon flow routing.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze all the possible factors influencing on bird nesting on railway catenary lines, with obtained one year's Shanghai region railway operation events data from Shanghai Railway Bureau and geographic data from the internet, to find out which factors had a statistically significant impact on probability of bird nesting and the characteristics of nesting events. Then, model the effects of nest events on railway operation.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method to identify critical elements of the high-speed train system from the perspective of complex network theory.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the existing parking patterns of e-taxi on the road for passenger load and unloads which consequences traffic congestion and finds out the points where this parking occurs. To solve the problem, it is very urgent to establish an e- Taxi station at the Pabna Municipality area. This e- taxi stand should be established in such a place where land acquisition will be easy as well as in a computing distance from the points of load andUnload of passenger.
The development of supply chain finance is beneficial to the healthy development of the core participants of railway freight transport business and its upstream and downstream ecosystems. It links commerce, logistics, warehousing and financial services together, and builds an industry integrated ecological service platform through information technology platform and supporting system, taking data as the basis and combining information technology such as blockchain as innovative means. In an era when the whole society is vigorously advocating and gradually moving towards digital economy, all walks of life are seeking comprehensive digital transformation, transforming and reconstructing traditional businesses through technological innovation, injecting new kinetic energy into railway business expansion and cross-border integration and even the value enhancement of the whole industry. In the aspect of extended value-added services for freight transportation, this paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize
The purpose of this paper is to study the real-time rescheduling problem for the freight heavy-haul railway in case of disrupted situations. When disturbances occur, the train movements can be rescheduled in practice to restore the freight train services. In the context of the passenger train dispatching problem, a lot of recover models and algorithms have been developed (Cacchiani et al., 2014; Corman and Meng, 2015). The freight heavy haul railway system is similar to the high-speed railway system at the operation module when considering the trains need run on the special railway track conditions. Thus, some methods applied to passenger train-dispatching problem have been considered in the paper.
Urban rail transit (URT) plays a critical role in maintaining effective passenger mobility nowadays. Modeling URT ridership at the station level can help to not only estimate and forecast ridership but also analyze the influencing factors on it. Given the need to understand the effects of multiple factors on URT Ridership, a growing number of recent studies have sought to model transit ridership. In light of deficiencies of popularly used global direct demand models (OLS multiple regression), considering the advantage of spatial models including geographically weighted regression (GWR) and geographically weighted LASSO (GWL) for modeling potentially spatially varying relationships, the purpose of this paper is to apply GWR with global feature selection operator (LASSO) and GWL into modeling influencing factors of metro ridership in Shenzhen.
The purpose of this paper is to model and simulate the lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas under a connected vehicle environment. The lane- changing behaviors of vehicles have a substantial impact on the speed of the main-line vehicles, which reduces the capacity of the ramp area. The proposed model can be used to improve the road capacity and reduce the vehicle delays.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway. The unit train is composed of fixed locomotive and several trains, which consists of a locomotive, a train driver and several train.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in Iran's telecommunication networks.
Implementing information-facilitated product recovery system (IFPRS) practices for a circular economy (CE) in industries is an attempt to improve the use of resources over the complete product life cycle through different product recovery processes. The word CE refers to an appropriate planning that suggests new ways to revamp the linear system, i.e. utilization at consumers' end into a circular system. The transition to a CE requires essential modification across the entire organization also involving its collaborators. Yet, to date, studies specific to the identification and ranking of the issues for achieving IFPRS for achieving a CE are insufficient. In order to add to the CE literature, the purpose of this study is to establish the issues of IF PRS implementation for a CE assisted by a multicriteria decision-making method.
The choice of retail location areas is an important decision for retailing decision-makers (DMs) as it is a long-term decision and higher costs are involved in it. As convenience is of utmost importance to the present buyers, a retail store can thrive or flop exclusively dependent on its location. The reason is that a decent area can pull in and be open to a substantial number of individuals affecting deals and benefits. Subsequently, it is hard to make up for the negative impact of an ill-placed location. A large chunk of convenience store profit depends on how "convenient" it is, whether that convenience comes from the layout, variety, brand or location. In this study, the authors attempt to optimize the selection process by making it more relevant to business owner's needs and the necessities of a developing country.
Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has brought to light the fact that supply chains function as the veins of our economy and society. Societies and businesses across the world have faced unprecedented challenges due to the disruptions that the coronavirus outbreak, and the consequent great lockdown, have caused. Therefore, it is important to learn lessons from the disruptions caused by COVID-2019 to build smarter and more resilient supply chains. This paper aims to address what managers may consider keeping supply chain alive due to this pandemics. This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronvirus pandemic.
This study dwells on the literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of the carbon footprint (CFP) in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce the CFP. The study recognizes the implementation of carbon regulation as an essential tool by organizations to achieve sustainable growth.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the supply of beauty and personal care retailers in Bangladesh and the strategies that can be undertaken to improve supply resilience.
The purpose of this paper is to solve the sustainable agro-food grain supply chain (SSC) network design problem for the movement of food grains from farms to the purchase hubs and subsequently to the required warehouses in the country. The present study attempts to address the concerns of the farmers regarding the cost of transportation and carbon emissions.
Establishing resilient supply chain is one of the fruitful strategies to overcome the adverse situation tactfully as well as to improve the overall business performance. The purpose of this paper is to identify the most significant performance indicators (PIs) for measuring the performance of resilient pharmaceutical supply chain (PSC) and develop a model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for evaluating green supplier satisfaction in green supply chain management (GSCM) context. Green supplier satisfaction refers to a supplier's feeling of fairness with regard to buyer's incentives and feedbacks and supplier's contributions within a green buyer-seller relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. According to a contingency theory, this study attempts to understand the associates between the logistics innovation capabilities and the supply chain risk.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of fourth party logistics (4PL) provider as a mediator in the relationship between supply chain agility and the performance of customer companies.
The purpose of this paper is to critically review and identify the sources of uncertainty related to cross-docking operations. Without the proper identification and discussion of these uncertainties, the optimisation models developed to improve cross- docking operations may be inherently impractical and unrealistic.
The purpose of this paper is to review the available literature in the broad area of Halal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords through bibliometric analysis; identifies influential research and cluster them based on citations and PageRank; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas of HalAl.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network design problem that considers cost control and carbon dioxide emissions. A stochastic multiobjective multi-objective optimization (MIP) model is introduced to estimate the minimum carbon dioxide emission and operational cost in the CLSC network. A corresponding Epsilon method is proposed to solve the problem.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze and apply the modern supply chain system in China. China's manufacturing industry has become an indispensable part of the development of the global economy. In almost all aspects, Chinese products have significant price advantages over foreign-made products. Chinese products usually exhibit characteristics of high quality and low prices, which gives Chinese products a strong competitive advantage in the world market. The competitive advantage of Chinese products not only creates an economic miracle, but also yields a series of important consequences for the global supply chain.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on supply demand and auction systems with resource pooling in modern supply chain management (SCM) from a theoretical modeling perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality deterioration of bananas in the post-harvest supply chain (SC) from the farm to the retail stores. The study investigated the occurrence of damage in bananas during distribution and consumer perceptions of cosmetic damage.
Reverse logistics (RL) is a logistics function focusing on the backward flow of products from customers to suppliers. The purpose of this paper is to review literature related to RL and sustainability performance and evaluate the performance of the RL process through three dimensions of sustainability, that is, the environmental, economic and social aspects.
This paper aims to review the extant literature of service supply chain management (SSCM) from the perspective of behavioural operations in order to identify the gaps in the research and agendas for future research, thereby facilitating the understanding of the development and potential of this cross-disciplinary research area.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a three-step approach for companies to determine how to implement green supply chain management (GSCM) practices to reduce the environmental burden of their supply chains.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents and outcomes of supply chain management (SCM) practices and practices of Bangladeshi firms.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores in the retail industry. Traditional site selection in the industry is heavily reliant on a tremendous amount of work from the site selection team to collect all potential regions' relevant information. This is referred to as manual site selection, which is inefficient and the performance of a selected location is difficult to forecast.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ways of defining and measuring environmental practices and capabilities for the circular economy (CE) in businesses. In particular, this paper aims to analyze the relationship between dynamic capabilities and environmental accounting for the CE in the case of eco-innovation.
- The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the importance of national identity to leaders of great powers because national identity words are being used in consistently high amounts for both U.S. and Chinese leaders. From this finding, new research opportunities into the role ofnational identity in global powers have been made and should be utilized in future studies.
The purpose of this paper is to review the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force (the Force) and theorise the existing strategic planning practice with the 3-H framework - strategic planning with Head-oriented foresight process with the elements of futures studies, strategy to be executed with Hand-oriented competence approach by Heart-driven highly committed Force.
Japan has experienced rapid aging and is one of the most rapidly aging countries in the world. Since the mid-1980s, the health sector reform has been underway to build a better healthcare system and hence support a super-aged society. Currently, the Japanese government is reforming the social security system, aiming for 2040. In other East Asian countries, as in Japan, society is aging rapidly, and healthsector reform has become an urgent issue. The purpose of this paper is to discuss the issues for preparing a healthcare system for 2035-2040 and what can be learnt from the Japanese experience.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of Artificial Intelligence (AI) on the implementation of the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of Public-Private Partnership (PPP) in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the New Urban Agenda (NUA) and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development in Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the governance and administrative process of the Light Rail Train (LRT) project in Palembang, Indonesia, as a part of the city's desakota technopole development.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of public participation (PP) in landuse planning, identify the constraints and facilitators to effective participatory planning, and identify areas of possible improvement.
- The purpose of this research is to investigate the role of red tape in public sector organizations and on the economy of Punjab. This study aims to create a clear understanding of the extent of red-tapism in the province of Punjab, Pakistan. It also contributes towards identifying measures that could reduce red tape and make the public sector more effective.
The purpose of this paper is to examine civil service reforms in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and the Kingdom of Thailand. Although the two units have dissimilar historical backgrounds and political systems, the expected outcomes of planned reforms were closely aligned with global trends of New Public Management (NPM) and good governance. The two units share a similar characteristic of a robust bureaucratic structure. Another point of commonality is that the reforms were motivated by global trends and pressures. However, Hong Kong and Thailand are strikingly dissimilar in all other respects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the operationalising obstacles, procrastinated progress, and challenges faced by the Government of Nepal in implementing the federal Constitution and Local Governance Operation 2017.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze two aspects of Nepal's affirmative policy: the extent of representativeness and the degree of responsiveness in the Nepalese Civil Service (NCS).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the phenomenon in which thousands of parents are moving to other countries to rent wombs "surrogacy-led migration" or "fertility migration". These terms will be used interchangeably in this paper. Although surrogacy is not a new phenomenon, the scarcity of research on the procedure and fertility migration is obvious.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the dynamics of Emiratization in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) by analyzing the underlying contextual factors, policies and programs, the outcomes and the challenges. This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and Programs implemented by the UAE Government.
The purpose of this paper is to examine contemporary issues of governance and administration in Sri Lanka. It focuses on current trends and crises in governance and its impact on institutional quality. It argues that the two key requirements for development in any country are political stability and quality governance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of government effectiveness in Africa and Asia by addressing two research questions: (1) Does government effectiveness converge in Africa or Asia? and (2) What are the factors that influence government effectiveness?
This article provides a comparative analysis of how the six governments have dealt with corruption scandals in six Asian countries and identifies the three lessons for combating corruption.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze two cases of constitutional corruption in India: the purchase of Rafale jet fighters from France and the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35A dividing the State of J&K into two Union Territories bringing them under greater control of the Central Government.
Sontaku refers to cases when officials grant special treatment to some project because it is associated with a powerful person such as a prime minister. The word sontaku surfaced when it was used by the school director of Moritomo Gakuen and soon became one of Japan's most important "buzzwords" of the year (Kyodo, 2017). The purpose of this paper is to examine two major scandals involving sontakus that have affected the Abe administration after 2017.
Since the return of its administrative right and sovereignty from Portugal to the People's Republic of China (PRC) on 20 December 1999, the Macau Special Administrative Region (MSAR) has witnessed two major corruption scandals - the Ao Man-long case and the Ho Chio-meng case. These two scandals reflect the prominent political corruption of Macau's principal officials. This paper compares and contrasts these two corruption scandals to contribute to the literature on combating corruption in Macau.
The 1 Malaysia Development Fund Bhd (1MDB) scandal is perhaps the most serious corruption scandal that has been recorded. The corruption has involved the embezzlement and laundering of billions of US dollars from its accounts together with gains from bribery and bond pricing, facilitated by false declarations by its officials and others. The illicit money was often transferred and laundered outside Malaysia. A cohort of bankers, businessmen and senior government officials mainly from Malaysia, but some from Saudi Arabia, the UAE and other countries have been implicated in the scandal.
This paper examines and compares two corruption scandals involving large infrastructure projects of government, namely, the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant (BNPP) of the Marcos era and the National Broadband Network (NBN) project of the Arroyo presidency. These two projects are amongst the most controversial political corruption scandals during the last 50 years. Their comparison enhances the understanding of grand corruption in government-initiated projects involving foreign government and corporate entities.
This article analyses the corruption scandals in Singapore involving Teh Cheang Wan, the Minister for National Development during 1979-1986, and Edwin Yeo, an Assistant Director of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), which resulted in adverse consequences for them. These scandals are selected because both individuals were respectively, the most senior People's Action Party (PAP) minister and CPIB officer charged with committing corruption offences. A comparison of these scandals demonstrates how the CPIB investigates corruption complaints and explains why corruption has been minimised in Singapore.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current political crisis in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) Government and China's central government should be well aware of this. At present, the "opposition" against the Government comes not only from a small group of "radical trouble makers" but also from a relatively large majority of the general public. It is difficult to proceed if the unrest is still on. The radical protesters might think that they could force the SAR Government and central government to cave in by using extreme means riding on popular sentiments and international pressure. They are taking things too much for granted.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the political storm that has ravaged the Hong Kong society for three months and is still going on.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate two public hospital medical incidents in Hong Kong to illustrate how public hospitals can perform or respond better when they manage crises according to the public relation theory - Situational Crisis Communication Theory.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a case study approach to describe a new innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It provides an insider's perspective of the establishment and development of a Primary Health Network (PHN) in the Hunter New England and Central Coast region.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impacts of social welfare system on the employment status of low-income groups, such as marginal families and families entitled to Basic Living Allowance in urban China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the hospitalization costs of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) between two urban health insurance schemes (UEBMI and URBMI) and investigate the factors that were associated with their inpatient costs using insurance claims data from Guangzhou.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the challenges and opportunities for the development of women entrepreneurship in Jamaica. The authors have analysed the situation of entrepreneurship in general and the authors have added recommendations to support the integration of Jamaican women into the Jamaican workforce through women entrepreneurship of the listed recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to review how different countries utilise arts inclusion policies (AIPs) to foster social inclusion through the arts and how AIPs involve inter-sectoral efforts. The strategies, objectives and rationales developed from distinct approaches are worth examining.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GGBA) as a new development opportunity for Hong Kong. The author argues that the GGBA is a new opportunity for the Hong Kong economy to diversify its industrial base and to gain a competitive edge in the global market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the global rise of "fake news" and the threat to democratic elections in the USA. The debate surrounding " fake news" has been around for decades - although often defined by different names - and only recently has the term been popularized.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a scale for measuring perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives in Indonesia's local government.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the progress of opening regime of Union Parishad (UP) in terms of empowerment through participation in local governance in Bangladesh. The paper aims to examine the role of women's participation in decision-making process in UP and to identify the barriers to women's empowerment.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the 6As Positive Parenting Program (Triple P) in Hong Kong, a parenting training program designed to change the negative parenting style of Hong Kong parents to one of positive parenting.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents, which can apply to Hong Kong.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of measuring and monitoring human trafficking in order to achieve the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and its transformative agenda.
The purpose of this paper is to reascertain the room of establishing a good government under authoritarian leadership in the East, but not just focusing on their controversies and errors as overemphasized in the past. The author hopes to explore possibilities of further engaging in socio-economic renovation under a more political enlightening mode of authoritarian governance, i.e., an overall mode of good governance, without initiating Westernization, which was long ignored by a great number of Western scholars in the twentieth century.
The Hong Kong healthcare system is a dual track system, providing comprehensive medical and health services to the residents by both the public and private sectors. The two sectors share the service loads consistently and "satisfactorily" for decades. The public services, which are heavily subsidised by the Government via taxation, provide nearly 90 per cent of the high cost inpatient services in public hospitals managed by the Hospital Authority (HA). The private sector, operating in a free market model, caters for 70 per cent in outpatient service in 3,500 clinics and medical centres. These sharing of clinical works are known as the two pillars of the local healthcare system, which is unique. The purpose of this paper is to present a case study of total joint replacement (TJR) in Hong Kong public hospitals.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the correlation between a new quantitative stress measurement known as the emWave Pro Plus and compared it with two other sets of quantitative self-reported perceived stress data: the POQA (POQA) from HeartMath and the PSS (Cohen et al., 1983).
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study of the critical success factors for organizational change of a public listed corporation: Hong Kong Broadband Network (HKBN). The author was promoted to be the News Controller of HKBN's Pay-TV News Department and under the coaching of William Yeung, the newly appointed CEO. From 2008 to 2013, he experienced a journey of organizational change with a "Big Hairy Audacious Goal" (BHAG).
The purpose of this paper is to identify and analyse five secrets of Singapore's success. The paper also aims to advise policy makers in other countries on the relevance and applicability of the Singapore's secrets of success to the solution of their problems.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the existing policies and strategies in selected South Asian countries and evaluate integrated plans of action based on collaborative partnerships, such as the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) and the South Asia Cooperative Environment Programme. It attempts to provide pointers to resolving shared problems through collaboration and harmonization within the gamut of regional environmental governance (REG). It focuses on disaster management strategies and climate change solutions and the need for redesigning regulatory structures and policy approaches for ecological well-being.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to primary health care (PHC) at the district health strategy (DHS) level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the acceptance of the Scheme for Admission of Hong Kong Students to Mainland Higher Education Institutions (DSE Admission Scheme), which is the only government-to-government initiative supporting Hong Kong students studying abroad.
The purpose of this paper is to review the educational policy governing the administration of the territory-wide system assessment (TSA) for students of Primary 3, Primary 6 (implemented in alternate year starting from 2012) and Secondary 3 in Hong Kong.
The purpose of this study is to examine the impact of an education abroad program on the intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills of university undergraduates in the USA.
In 2016, the Taiwanese government launched the New Southbound Policy (NSP) as the new internationalization strategy to promote regional talent cultivation and sharing, with the ambition to expand and strengthen the connection between Southeast Asian countries and to re-position Taiwan's position. The purpose of this paper is to look at the following three research questions: what is the student mobility scheme between Taiwan and NSPC by country after the implementation of NSP in 2016? What is the students' mobility scheme by degree level after NSP implementation? How might the NSP affect the current student mobility relationship between Taipei and Seoul (South Korea) after 2016?
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the quality of university education and the management of student flows in light of the main foundations of the Bologna Process in Algeria.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the selected Taiwanese students in a five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) internship program were intellectually developed by applying the Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (DMIS) mode. Two research questions are presented as follows: How would the PIRE project and summer internship program develop a joint/dual program between participating institutions after the end of the research project?
The purpose of this paper is to add to the understanding of organisational culture (OC) in universities through a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners in the UK.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the development of accreditation in the sphere of higher education in Russia over the past 20 years and to identify the reasons for transformation of approaches and search for the most effective solutions in quality assurance.
The purpose of this paper is to offer an overview of the key features of the quality assurance of transnational education (TNE) regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of change leadership on staff organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) in the context of higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of loyalty on the student satisfaction in higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the gaps between competence and importance of employability skills among final year students in Technical and Vocational Education (TVET) in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to identify a threat to obtaining useful information from the most commonly used instrument and collection method of student assessment of instruction (SAI) instruments. The SAI instrument, typically collected near the end of an institution's term, suffers from several limitations. At the forefront of these limitations are psychological limitations associated with a student assessing multiple attributes and behaviors of an instructor. Accurate data from students are essential to providing accurate feedback regarding teaching excellence to instructors. The method of application of data collected is also paramount. A common response to this concern is to use extensive cafeteria-style SAI instruments that allow institutions to extract items believed to be relevant or appropriate to those institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following question: Do course evaluation systems have an influence on e-learning students' satisfaction?
This paper aims to examine the changing pattern of international student mobility (ISM) by reviewing relevant government policies and employing second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China. The purpose of this paper is to understand how the belt and road initiative (BRI) has reshaped the structure of ISM in higher education.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a reflection on the developments of current external quality assurance (EQA) systems and procedures globally, and on the critique directed at this activity. Conceptually, the paper demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The key argument is that while EQA and the agencies responsible for this activity are facing a future implying potential dramatic changes in their set-up and responsibilities, the future also offers quite different scenarios as to how the tasks associated with EQA will be organized.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a better understanding of the inner workings of the student evaluation of teaching (SET) by examining the search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs.
Using a Southeast Asian context, the purpose of this paper is to delve into the substance of parental role in education, asking a question that has seldom been researched: Is there a divergence between parents' and their children's perceptions of education and work?
The purpose of this paper is to explore how higher education quality assurance (QA) agencies in Japan and Taiwan have restructured their QA frameworks in response to the changes in higher education funding and the need to assure the quality of higher education providers.
The purpose of this paper is to explore internationalisation at home for tourism training programmes in Vietnam, a developing and non-English-speaking country in Southeast Asia endowed with numerous natural tourist attractions and being rich in culture and, less fortunately, with many battlefield sites, welcomes a significant number of international tourists each year.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the indicators of service quality and satisfaction among graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the establishment and growth of the Asia-Pacific Quality Register (APQR) in the field of quality assurance (QA) of higher education (HE). The purpose of APQR is to guarantee the quality of the QAAs in the Asia Pacific region, which is the second in the international QA networks.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of the leading universities in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in higher education (HE) development. It is axiomatic to expect the premier public universities in each of the ASEAN countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE development. Individual governments in ASEan have high expectation of these institutions as they are the "agents" for their respective governments.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on cross-border quality assurance (QA) in the process of internationalization and sets out the experience of the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross- border exercises in Macao. Such experience can serve as a reference for higher education institutions (HEIs) or QA agencies in other countries/regions planning to engage in cross- Border QA.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how higher education institutions (HEIs) in the Philippines construct and define the subject of regionalisation of higher education, what are the institutions' regionalisation approaches, initiatives and practices, and how is the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Integration driving the regionalisation process in the country's higher education sector?
As is the case in most modern arenas, the capacity for collecting and disseminating data about higher education is growing rapidly. New technologies, new software, new analytic methodologies and new approaches combine to create the potential for exponentially larger amounts and types of data that might be used to inform all interested parties. Simultaneously, external demands for information for higher education also are expanding tremendously. This confluence of expanding capabilities and increasing demands puts great pressure on those tasked with gathering and analyzing data and reporting results to stakeholders. In most academic institutions, these responsibilities are placed primarily on an internal organizational unit, typically referred to as "institutional research (IR)." This paper aims to explore the changing roles, responsibilities and opportunities for such functional units, paying particular attention to both internal and external information needs and the degree to which these units are integral to the larger institution. It will argue that IR must serve both functions by linking institutional requirements to external assessments and public information.
The purpose of this paper is to compare and contrast student mobility programs in Southeast Asian Ministers of Education Organization-Regional Institution of Higher Education and Development (SEAMEO-RIHED), Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), University Mobility in Asia and Pacific (UMAP), and Collective Action for Mobility Program of University Student in Asia (CAMPUS Asia) in terms of regulation, challenges, and impacts on higher education regionalization.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the characteristics emerging from interaction between Western academic models and traditional and local cultures in Malaysian universities. It is pertinent to raise the question "Are Asian universities different from those in Western countries?".
The purpose of this paper is to examine undergraduates' reasons for attending college by developing the college-attendance value scale (CAVS). In particular, the study addresses two research questions: Can the CAVS measures undergraduates's personal and collective values of attending college? Are the undergraduates') college-ATTendance values related to their achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree?
The development of the Internet has deepened the imbalance of economic activities in developed countries, but it seems to reverse the trend of further agglomeration of Chinese enterprises. The macro facts of the reversal of agglomersation of China's enterprises lead to the theoretical speculation of this paper: the Internet may be reshaping China's economic geography; however, the internal mechanisms are unclear. The purpose of this study is to investigate the micro- and macro-effects of Internet on China's spatial imbalance.
Although the corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted China's economic development, it will not change the fact that the economic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economy, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term.
The purpose of this paper is to show that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics.
An important goal of building a theoretical system of the socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics is to enhance its theoretical guidance, and the prerequisite is to boost the explanatory power of theory for practice. The purpose of this paper is to discuss this issue.
- The purpose of this paper is to critically analyse and review the existing body of research based on Marxian economics to obtain a satisfactory interpretation of the role of local governments from the perspective of political economy and turn it into an organic component of the state theory of socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. The paper aims to further develop the analytical approach of Shi Zhengfu and Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung based on a Marxist framework, for which the authors introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of land public finance.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the inherent defects of economic liberalism and state interventionism as well as the reasons why they can hardly be adopted as the theoretical guidance for emerging market economies to handle the relationship between government and market. The paper analyses how China has transcended the inherent thinking of liberalism and interventionism and shaped the new relationship of integration and common prosperity between the government and the market through goal-oriented, active and progressive two-way interactive exploration and practice to ensure the success of China's economic transition.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the development of China's foreign exchange market over the past 70 years. It aims to provide a historical account of the evolution of the foreign exchange management system and the formation mechanism of the exchange rate system in China.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural changes and economic growth in China over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up. It aims to identify the main features of structural changes in China's economic structure and their impact on economic growth.
- The purpose of this paper is to summarize the law governing the operation and development of socialist market economy is the historical responsibility and crucial mission of socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics in the past 70 years.
The purpose of this paper is to build a Marxist political economy-based analytical framework for healthcare issues by analysing the special properties of both doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines, so as to establish a theoretical basis for solving healthcare problems in China.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework for supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks, based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a critique of the doctrine of incompatibility between capital and public ownership. The reform of China's state-owned economy has always followed the logic of the public capital. It has demonstrated and will continue to demonstrate the historical legitimacy of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
Nowadays, we have surpassed Robert Solow's era when "You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics" and entered the "Internet Plus" era where "the Internet is imprinted on any economic activity", for example, Internet plus production, management, marketing, finance or business. To sum up, the Internet has no longer been changing the whole economy and society but already filtered and dominated it. This raises a major issue for the study of theoretical economics. The purpose of this paper is to answer the following questions: What is the Internet or Internet Plus? Is it a technology, a commodity or economic relations? At the same time, the authors have to figure out where the treasure of the Internet treasure trove comes from. Was it generated by itself, or transferred? Will it be exhausted? There are also deeper questions: How does the Internet filter the society? What makes it ubiquitous? In other words, how does " Internet Plus" achieve "plus"?
The purpose of this paper is to provide an answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's hypothesis about China" and to discuss the direction of rural reform in China.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the contribution of land contributions to the supernormal development of China's infrastructure, which is a mystery behind China's economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between interest articulation and social stability and the performance of public governance.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss in detail the relation between China's land system, land supply mode and its economic growth by constructing a multisector dynamic general equilibrium analysis framework.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal Marx's outstanding contribution in monetary theory and the financial connotation of Marx's monetary theory, and expounding its practical significance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the reform process of state-owned enterprises in China's micro-economic structure, their performance efficiency and future road. The reform process has shifted from a relatively single one dominated by the state- owned economy in the initial stage of the reform and opening-up under the planned economy to a more rational one. In this process, the proportion of output of the state economy shows a declining trend, whereas that of other ownership enterprises continues to rise.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on the development of China's economics in the past 70 years and to make suggestions for the future development of the field.
The purpose of this paper is to review the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyze its causes and responses, and summarize the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and leverage and accommodate precious resources of Marxist political economy.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a financial conditions index (FCI) for measuring financial conditions in the post-crisis era in China. The FCI can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the differentiation of economic and financial cycles and the logic of China's monetary policy reform and put forward policy recommendations.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the real urbanization level in China and compare it with that of the USA and the UK.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between local government debt and regional economic growth in China and to propose economic development policy recommendations based on different types of government debts.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether the established mechanism of China's economic growth is the constant returns to scale or the increasing returns toScale through the supply-side structural reform, so as to provide basis for innovative development mode and supply- side structural reform. The basic point of the paper is that the analysis of China' s economic growth and the supply side of structural reform cannot simply apply the western economic growth theory.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply and demand are analyzed in political economy? Second, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished? Third, what is the fundamental nature of the reform?
The purpose of this paper is to present the logic of China's 40-year economic reform and major breakthroughs in political economy in China.
Starting with the phenomenon of surplus labor transfer, this paper aims to analyze the key links on which this development path is generated and succeeds and the institutional mechanisms that support them to uncover the theoretical logic behind the Mystery of China.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the shared development of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The paper aims to discuss the ideological origin of shared development concepts in the process of human history, culture and ideological development.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an economic analysis of China's marketization process over four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies (ECS).
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the relationship between deposit insurance system (DIS) and bank runs in the context of interest rate marketization (market-oriented interest rate) in the process of financial system reform.
A general guiding principle of China's economic construction in the new era is to shift from the pursuit of a high-speed economy to a pursuit of high-quality economic development to accelerate the establishment of a modernized economic system. The purpose of this paper is to discuss the objectives, connotations and key points of building a modern economic system; seeking solid and practical policy measures and actions; or summing up lessons and possible theoretical innovations.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the innovation and development of the theory of socialist market economy with Chinese characteristics ( SPECC).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of the US dollar (USD) as the world currency.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between scientific and technological innovation (STI) and the development of the real economy.
The purpose of this paper is to recapitulate the long-standing issue of the relationship between economic thoughts and realities, and to reflect on the prevalence of the westernized doctrine of the mystery of the "Doctrine of the Mystery of China's Growth."
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth in the context of the growing Sino-US trade and trade frictions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese manufacturing monopolies during the economic transition period. In particular, this paper aims to explore whether these monopolies are rent-seeking monopolies or innovation-oriented monopolies.
Exploring the "Systematic Economic Theory" with Chinese Characteristics (SETCC) marks a fundamental postulation for the development of contemporary Chinese Marxist Political Economy, and an important indicator of the Chinese Wisdom thereof. Comrade Xi Jinping's profound exposition of the historical background, social roots, practical basis, essential characteristics, temporal significance and ideological perspective of the formation of SETCC constitutes the theoretical and ideological essence of his speech on the theme of "Continuously Exploring the New Zeitgeist of Marxist Political economy in China" at the 19th CPC National Congress. The purpose of this paper is to explore the "New Economic Zeitgeist in Xi Jinping Exploring SETCC" in the new era.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the implication of "high-quality development" (HQD) and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics.
The purpose of this paper is to look back in history for the existence of long-term economic fluctuations in the development of capitalist countries from the middle of nineteenth century to the 1970s.
As the essential requirement of socialism with Chinese characteristics, common prosperity stands for both the goal and the final result. Common prosperity is only possible when the low- and middle-income groups, thanks to economic progress, enjoy higher income growth rate than the average. Such a pro-poor growth is the essential approach to achieve common prosperity. The purpose of this paper is to discuss ways of achieving pro- poor growth.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the institutional factors behind the decision making and result of Chinese enterprises' large-scale outbound investment from the micro perspective of enterprise investment decision-making.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the research and development (R&D) value of Chinese manufacturing listed companies (CMLCs) based on the financial market's valuation of corporate assets. The authors introduce investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, and analyze the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment on R&D value.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the imbalance of industrial spatial layout and the resulting inequity of inter-regional welfare in China's eastern coastal areas, and to put forward the policy proposition of industrial transfer.
The purpose of this paper is to make an empirical study on the innovation performance of listed companies on GEM, the pioneer of China's industrial innovation and its determinants. China's GEM has existed for nearly ten years since its establishment in 2009, and about 700 SMEs have been successfully listed on the GEM. However, its development quality is not high and has been criticized for the prevalence of market fraud, the large fluctuation of the index, the fact that the index has remained unchanged for ten years and the failure to cultivate a truly subversive and innovative company such as BATJ.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the principal contradiction and its evolution in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap.
The Socialist Political Economy with Chinese Characteristics (SPECC) is the crystallization of Chinese wisdom and the shared wealth of all humanity, showing both nationality and internationality. The purpose of this paper is to offer Chinese wisdom such as theoretical guidance and support for global development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between economic theory innovation and China's development practice, and to develop a new theoretical system for contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to set aside the coexistence of diversified ownership, and conducted a detailed examination on the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy, especially with regards to the organic integration of public ownership. This combination determines the future of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the success or failure of economic restructuring.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the fiscal system of China under the New Normal and to identify the factors affecting China's taxation revenue under the new normal.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants on China's structural change in a unified analytical framework and analyze the direction and magnitude of each of these effects.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade and the measures for the transformational development of China's foreign trade in the context of the Chinese economy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review on Wang Yanan's research on the relationship between Das Kapital and political economy in the broad sense.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a theoretical interpretation on how the urban-rural income gap affects the quality of economic growth and take an empirical test on the sample panel data, from 1998 to 2015, in 30 provinces and regions of China through DiffGMM and SYSGMM models.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the technical efficiency of the health-care systems in 21 selected middle-income countries during the period 2000-2014.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the factors which help explain the high levels of engagement by the Maltese electorate in European Parliament (EP) elections, even though the latter are generally taken as second-order elections (SOE) and therefore characterised by lower turnout.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the evolution of the American strategy toward terrorism in the aftermath of the events of September 11, 2001. In other words, this study revolves around a key question: How and why the American security strategy toward Terrorism evolved in the following years after September 11 attacks.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of Powell, Emilia (2020): Islamic Law and International Law: Peaceful Resolution of Disputes, Oxford and others.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the mutual causality between stock market development and economic growth in a Tanzanian setting.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the importance of financial inclusion in addressing extreme poverty by 2030, the year UN member states set as a target for achieving the sustainable development goals (SDGs). The authors assess improvements in financial inclusion against four targets of 0%, 1.5%, 3% and 5% living in poverty.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the various strategies higher education institutions can pursue in making political science relevant in the twenty-first century. The authors reflect on specific measures undertaken by institutions globally to equip students with unique skills to enhance the value and relevance of their programmes in the context of an increased technologically driven environment.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the mbitian horizon of analysis to the study of the African concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006); investigate the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss- averse agents; and examine the effect of levying transaction taxes on markets stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies; fundamental and technical.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between military expenditure and economic growth in India, during the period 1980-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen on the security of the Arabian Gulf in light of Neorealism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the utility of interdisciplinary fields such as social psychology in studying terrorism. Terrorism is known to be a political phenomenon which is intriguing to many political scientists. Due to its complexity, political scientists who study terrorism celebrate their victory as they solve the mystery of this phenomenon. However, some aspects of terrorism urge political scientists to cooperate with scholars from other disciplines and admit that they need their help. One of these aspects that seems problematic to political scientists is the question: who is a terrorist? Or who can become a terrorist.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges faced by social entrepreneurship in Egypt with a special focus on government related challenges.
The purpose of this paper is to find an explanation in International Political Economy (IPE) theory to this event, with a focus on neomercantilism, which is the nearest equivalent in IPE theory to the International Relations theory of realism.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the factors that influence the online shopping behavior of Egyptian consumers and to provide knowledge for companies to foster user acceptance and usage of online shopping.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the external behavior of small states in light of the theories of international relations. The authors analyze the foreign policies of some small developing countries in the light of theories of realism and non-material power.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the nature of the regional challenges affecting Kuwait's national security. The study focuses on the Iranian threat, the Arab Spring revolutions and the Gulf crisis with Qatar.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on early retirement incentive programs as a strategy for restructuring human resources showing that restructuring human resource is not limited to workforce reduction and that successful workforce reduction can be achieved through early retired incentive programs. Early retirement is one of the important issues, at the local and global levels, affecting the economic, social and administrative structures of the countries and, thus, it needs to adopt effective reform programs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effects of climatic variability on food security in the East African Community (EAC) region, over the period 2000-2014, using panel data.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance and impact of factors affecting the role of local councils in local policy-making in Erbil province/Iraq.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of individuals as actors in the international arena and mainly the transnational effects of private entrepreneurs. It delves deep into the case of Mark Zuckerberg - CEO of Facebook and the founder of the "Chan-Zuckerberg initiative" for philanthropy work. It shows various strategies and tools of power.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which European policies and strategies have been able to meet the challenges of energy security, and to identify the major challenges that face European energy security.
The purpose of this paper is to review the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties 2011. The paper aims to analyze the role of peremptory norms (Jus Cogens) in the Commission's work.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of local administration and local communities in planning for development, considering the recent global changes, particularly rethinking many issues, particularly planning theories and feasibility, as well as its implications on local administration/community participation, negatives and positives.
The purpose of this paper is to study the relation between the way these parties were established, their former stands concerning party establishment, their relation with their mother social movements on one hand, and their performance after reaching power on the other hand. The main research problem of this study can be formulated as follows: What are the main reasons behind the different political courses that the Freedom and Justice Party in Egypt and Al-Nahda party had followed after seizing power in their countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of private investment in Egypt during the period 1982-2015. The paper considers a variant of the neoclassical theory of investment.
The purpose of this paper is to trace the development of public administration institutions and budgetary institutions in the case of Egypt, probing the extent to which they can be read from an administrative perspective, and, the possibility of enhancing budgetary outcomes under the existing arrangements.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of state survival bureaucracy (SSB) as a concept for efficient and resilient bureaucracy which adapts to drastic change and fight for the survival of the state. SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the State.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of bureaucracy in transitional periods. The purpose of the paper is twofold: first, to explore how the bureaucracy works steadily in a transitional period and second, to identify the main challenges that the bureaucracy faces during the transition period.
The purpose of this paper is to study the dynamic interactions between monetary and fiscal policies in Egypt during the period 2004/05-2015/16, assess their contribution to macroeconomic performance and craft insights of an integrated optimal policy framework for inciting economic stability.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between innovation and economic performance in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region over the period 2000-2016.
The performance of businesses and labor market outcomes are highly affected by the level of employees' satisfaction. Job satisfaction affects productivity levels, turnover rates and labor force participation rates. Hence, job satisfaction could be used as a proxy that measures the efficiency of labor market policies. The purpose of this paper is to identify the main determinants of job satisfaction for wage workers in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the notion of e-commerce shifts businesses' strategies towards new era of doing businesses that focusses on advanced technology. It traces the adoption of ecommerce in small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Saudi Arabia and examines what impact this phenomenon is having on business strategy. Additionally, it attempts to identify the factors that moderate this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the main factors that make the USA one of the primary targets of international/transnational terrorism. The research question is asking whether the USA is targeted by this kind of terrorism for what it is (a major global power) and what it upholds (ideals for the welfare of humanity), or what it does (the various aspects of its foreign policy and interactions with the outside world).
The purpose of this paper is to explain the interplay between domestic structure forces and the formulation of "sub-national" foreign policy (SFP), sometimes called the foreign policy of non-central governments/regions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how expert systems (ESs) can be used to improve administrative decisions in Egypt's public sector. The paper aims to present the results of an empirical study on the use of ESs in the public sector in Egypt.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of Musharakah financing on the monetary policy in the Islamic economy, which includes three rates of return; the return rate of depositors' musharakah, bank's musharakAH and investors' mushrakah.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt. The paper aims to focus on the role of resources and social constrains in women's decision-making and freedom of mobility.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt using a structural VAR approach.
The purpose of this paper is to add to the limited scientific body of literature related to strategic human resource management (SHRM) in the public sector, especially in developing countries, and its actual role in the retention of skilled workforce. The most important SHRM activities here that have been identified with the help of literature are recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution economically, politically and socially on the Arab Spring.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the East Mediterranean gas as a new arena for international rivalry between Russia and USA to expand their influence over this inflammable region that is rife with disputes and conflicting interests among its parties. The repercussions of discovering the massive hydrocarbon wealth in the eastern Mediterranean basin have not been limited to the countries of the region but rather are extended to affect the major global powers of broad international expertise in the field of energy, particularly the EU countries, which suffer from a serious shortage in the energy production equation at the global level.
The purpose of this paper is to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre- and post-introduction phases of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors that influence firms' recruitment of quality talent in Lagos, Nigeria. The study examines the factors influencing firms' selection of talent from the labour market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the short- and long-run determinants of bank deposit growth in Turkey. The authors use the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) framework to decompose bank-level and macroeconomic drivers of bank deposits.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and empirically test an investor sentiment index (ISI) from primary survey data for the Indian retail investors in regard to how market drivers impact it.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the sentiment scores and review length of consumer reviews of organic and regular food products in the context of online word-of-mouth communications.
The purpose of this paper is to explain what really is meant by employee happiness within organisations that have high employee diversity, fast-pace of work, convoluted work and information technology infrastructural systems, particularly in the UAE. As an explanatory study, the paper makes recommendations for micro-data capturing in organisations to enable a more accurate measure of national happiness.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the various factors which impact the happiness of higher education academicians and to find out the ranked importance of these factors.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors and their impact on service quality (SQ) in the context of departmental stores in Albaha Region, Saudi Arabia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors affecting the investment decisions of the financial specialists. The organizations ought to consider the distinctive behavioral inclinations and enthusiastic knowledge of the speculators keeping in mind the end goal to give them the best venture avenues. Thus, the companies should give the best advice to their clients on the basis of the different factors affecting investment decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an index of financial inclusion (IFI) that resolves the issue of weighting and in ultimate combat the evils of perfect substitutability between dimensions which had been in debates for long among the research community. This study primarily focuses on developing an index that can be computed uniformly for all countries or states within a geographical territory and set a platform to track the changes over time and further in drawing comparisons among them.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between work environment and job satisfaction among nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors that lead to the participation of women in self-help groups (SHGs) and also examine the importance of participation in SHGs with regard to female empowerment in India.
The purpose of this paper is to find out which banks have contributed to the growing menace of non-performing assets (NPAs) and what has been the trend in the banking industry with regard to these poor quality loans in the Indian banking industry.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the ethical dilemma of an employee of Xenic Insurance Company Limited, one of the largest mutli-line general insurer of India.
The purpose of this paper is to identify different factors, which can affect the contextual and task performance of hotel employees in this hilly state of Himachal Pradesh.
The purpose of this paper is to assess gender differences in the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities (PWDs) in India. The purpose of the study is to examine the impact of gender on the efficiency of disabled businesses.
Higher education institutions (HEIs) are increasingly concerned with students' satisfaction with the education program. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the associations between learning environment factors and student satisfaction among occupational therapy students.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance of persons with acquired brain injury (ABI) in rehabilitation.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the everyday occupational experiences of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+) adults living in Ireland, using an occupational justice lens. The paper aims to explore how lesbian and gay adults experience occupational justice in their everyday lives.
The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' experiences in generalist, specialist and generic positions in Norwegian municipalities. The municipalities are the employment agencies for over half of Norway's 4,855 used occupational therapists, and there is great variation in public access to occupational therapists used by municipalities.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations of sensory processing patterns (SPPs) with age, sex, education and ethnicity in healthy adults.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the evidence for and the extent to which sensory-based interventions are being practiced in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The research questions for this study include: What sensory interventions are currently being used to address the unique needs of adult and adolescence trauma survivors? What is the evidence base for the use of sensory approaches with adult trauma survivors and in the treatment of children?
Intra-articular fracture dislocations of the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint of the hand have a complex presentation affecting the bone, cartilage, ligaments and possibly tendon insertions around the PIP joint. They typically occur because of axial loading to the tip of the finger with force being applied to the base of the middle phalanx. Early motion can be facilitated by timely referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy. The purpose of this paper is to describe the methods of treatment being used by trauma surgeons in the health service executive (HSE) in the management of intra-articulated fractures of the P IP joint. It also sought to investigate the timing of referral to therapy and therapists' views on current practice.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the development of occupational therapy in Grangegorman Mental Hospital and its auxiliary hospital, Portrane Mental Hospital, Dublin, in the period 1934-1954.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolving role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England by identifying the characteristics of the role of an occupational therapist in the critical care unit.
Discharge planning is a complex and challenging process for health-care professionals, patients, and carers. Occupational therapists play an integral role in the discharge planning process and determining whether a patient can safely return to their home environment. The purpose of this paper is to explore the clinical practice of discharge planning home visits (DPHV) within an Irish context and investigate nationwide practice and nationwide perspectives.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impact of a two-pronged vocational intervention for people with first episode psychosis (FEP) by determining what effect, if any, introducing a twofold vocational intervention to an early intervention for psychosis service (EIPS) has on vocational outcomes using a follow-up design.
The purpose of this paper is to explore attitudes held by three stakeholder groups involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of assistive technology (AT) to facilitate self-management of their condition.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of sensory processing training on the competence, confidence and practice of teachers working with children with autism in the classroom.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the predictors of academic honesty and success in domestic and international occupational therapy students and to compare the impact of these predictors on academic success in the health professions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore parents' perspectives of their children attending hippotherapy intervention and the impact on their children's participation in their home-based occupations following the intervention. Hippotherapy is an emerging area of practice in paediatric occupational therapy in Ireland.
The purpose of this paper is to ascertain whether patients in an acute regional hospital with a mini mental state examination (MMSE) score of 23 or better can effectively remember to use prescribed and demonstrated assistive devices (ADs) and if patients with an MMSE score of less than 23 are unable to effectively use the devices.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the assessment of need (AON) is being completed by paediatric occupational therapists across Ireland and to highlight any discrepancies or concerns raised by occupational therapists working in paediatrics.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between visual perception, as measured by the Test of Visual Perceptual Skills (TVPS)3 (prior to the publication of the TVPS-4), and functional abilities, as analysed through visual behaviour analysis, to explore whether there is a potential link between underlying performance components and areas of occupational performance among children of age 7 to 12 years.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current practice of assessing fitness to drive after stroke among occupational therapists in Ireland. The purpose of the survey was to determine the level of current practice in this area of practice.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and its implications and opportunities for occupational therapy in Ireland, and to identify training and resource needs for professionals involved in capacity assessment.
Geriatric evaluation and management (GEM) is a type of sub-acute care that focuses mainly on patients' functional abilities and goals and caters for patients who have prolonged or multiple conditions associated with ageing, cognitive impairment, functional decline, chronic illness or disability. The purpose of this paper is to investigate if the performance of older adults admitted to an inpatient GEM hospital unit on the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) were associated or predictive of their functional performance.
The purpose of this paper is to determine whether wrist orthoses produced compensatory movements of the elbow in addition to the shoulder when performing drinking and hammering tasks.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the development of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's University Hospital, Dublin, from 1935 to 1969.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teachers' perspectives on handwriting difficulties experienced by children with Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in relation to pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept and to explore the nature of teacher and occupational therapy collaboration to address these difficulties.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the current place of play and play occupation in Irish paediatric occupational therapy practice.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how time-use and human occupation were influenced by perfectionism for a class of junior Occupational Science students.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the practices and roles of Irish occupational therapists' with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland. The purpose of the study is to identify the role of occupational therapists in relation to supported employment in Ireland, and to determine the extent to which occupational therapists are involved in the provision of supported employment to adults with an intellectual disability.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the developing debate on recovery-oriented practices in the inpatient environment by suggesting that the employment of peer workers is both a positive step towards creating recovery-orientated inpatient services in mental healthcare on inpatient psychiatric units and presents an opportunity for the profession of Occupational Therapy to help facilitate culture change in establishing peer workers as a mainstay of inpatient care.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the experiences of men with psychosis participating in a community-based football programme in an Occupational Therapy service.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the educational methods that were most effective in terms of delivering hand hygiene information to undergraduate occupational therapy students. The aim of the study was to inform improvement of teaching practices and, thus, positively influence students hand hygiene knowledge and skills.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the implementation of the Operation Transformation Programme in Offaly, Ireland, which was part of the Health Services Executive (HSE) National Office for Suicide Prevention's #Littlethings mental health and well-being campaign in October 2014. The campaign aims to highlight that we will all experience challenges in our lives, and when we do, there are some simple, evidence-based steps we can take that can make a big difference to how we feel. The challenge as Occupational Therapists working in the area of mental health is how best to incorporate the messages of the national campaign at a local level.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of major trends in the use of occupation as therapy in Ireland in the first 100 years of the profession of occupational therapy.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a better understanding of how context informs the choices made by adolescents. Adopting an occupational justice perspective, the current study explored how gender informs the occupational choices of adolescents in rural Ireland.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the effect of a structured group-based equine-assisted therapy (EAT) programme among children who may be experiencing occupational dysfunction.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' and occupational therapy students' views regarding role-emerging placements in the Republic of Ireland.
The purpose of this paper is to explore occupational therapists' perceptions about their role within mental health, vocational rehabilitation, individual placement and support (IPS) in the area of supported employment.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to acquire distinctive and disparate perspectives from virtual team (VTs) leaders on the strategies that support the performance of VTs, particularly related to building high levels of trust and managing conflict, and the need for organizational support.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a common experience through which students can understand theories of work motivation. Specifically, the authors use an in-class basketball exercise that provides a common context for students to reference in applying equity and expectancy theories.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the individual, dyadic and situational factors affecting the process of leader-member exchange (LMX) relationships leading to job performance.
Research has consistently demonstrated that stronger employee-organization relationships lead to positive attitudinal and behavioral outcomes. Organizational identification (OID) is seen as central to understanding those relationships. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of procedural justice, training opportunities and innovation on job satisfaction and affiliation commitment via the mediating effect of OID. Additionally, the authors incorporate the moderating role of supervisor support to further explore the nature of the environment in which identification is either enhanced or modulated.
The purpose of this paper is to study organizational reactions to transgender employees, particularly whether trans men and trans women receive similar or dissimilar reactions. The goal is to explore the perspective of bigenderism and improve understanding of other relevant theories. The authors experimentally test one of the theories in the context of the rights of transgender employees to use the restrooms of their choice.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on incumbent adaptation to technological discontinuities by integrating the processes of managerial choices and the issue-specific factors affecting them.
The purpose of this paper is to present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create a compelling and effective organizational vision using foresight and futures literacy strategies. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between face threat sensitivity (FTS) and proactive negotiation behavior. FTS has been proposed as a propensity that may or may not be activated. Previous research has shown that activated FTS influences negotiated outcomes. However, these studies analyze one side of the coin - when FTS is actually activated. In this study, the authors contribute to the negotiation literature by also showing that FTS, which is not activated is associated with negotiation outcomes. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual understanding of the relationship between the influence of individual embedding within multiple kinds of social networks, and the different actions individuals take in the context of organizational demise or relocation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between technology and student project ownership behavior in the context of group/team projects. This paper aims to examine how students who rely on the new document-sharing technology Google Docs may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their group projects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the consequences of perceived cyber incivility (i.e. e-mail behavior perceived by the recipient as insensitive, disrespectful and a violation of norms for mutual respect within an organization) on both task performance and performance evaluation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the threshold effects of public debt on economic growth in sub-Saharan African countries.
- The purpose of this paper is to compare the cost efficiency of Vietnamese commercial banks by the stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) and the data envelopment analysis (DEA) methods to assess the similarity in the issuance of policies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of international financial integration on macroeconomic volatility of key variables such as consumption and output using ARDL cointegration as method of econometric analysis.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region is no exception. The East Asia community has witnessed the homogeneous banking development for at least two reasons. Firstly, the commercial banks are predominant sources of financial assets, holding over 80% of the region's financial assets. Secondly, the banking sector enhancement has been supported by the national governments to ensure the banking industry security. This entails the crucial position of banking sector in the growth achievement, particularly across the ASEAN area. Consequently, such studies to ease the constraints of understanding co-integration and causality between banking safeness, banking earnings and economic improvement are necessary, especially from an economic policy perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association between corruption and financing structure of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in an emerging country like Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the interactions among economic growth, population growth, gross savings and energy consumption in Ghana.
Using time-series data from January 2004 to December 2017, this paper investigates the impact of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price. The purpose of this paper is to better characterize the transmission mechanism of the influence of exchange rates on coffee export prices.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the asymmetric impacts of world oil price on domestic oil price, inflation and output growth in Vietnam after the global financial crisis.
This study aimed at investigating the impact of fiscal incentives on foreign direct investment (FDI) in Ghana. The dependent variable in the study was the FDI variable and the independent variables were fiscal incentives measured with corporate tax rates, market size, level of real GDP, trade openness and exchange rate.
While the extant literature shows that independent directors can help firms decrease agency costs of equity in financial decisions and performance, there are relatively few studies investigating corporate decisions to use independent directors. In this study, we examine how ownership structure affects the use of independent directors in the Vietnamese stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on African stock markets. The paper aims to fill this important void by selecting African countries with relatively developed stock market, which include South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt, Kenya, Morocco and Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the sustainability of the rice-shrimp farming system in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu districts of Ben Tre province, Vietnam, to determine how farmers can adapt to climate change, and to recommend possible adaptations, if any, for current farming practices.
- The purpose of this paper is to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the Mekong River Delta (MRD) to achieve maximum rice yield.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity in Nigeria. The study uses data from the World Bank's Global Financial Inclusion Survey (GIS) on financial inclusion.
The overall indicator measuring the result of the new rural development (NTP-NRD) program is the proportion of communes meeting all 19 national NRD criteria. However, the percent of commune meeting new rural criteria varies greatly among the provinces. This stems from the differences in the starting points in the NRD of each province, the economic potentials as well as the effort and methods of each provinces. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to present an analysis of NRD results in Vietnam and identify the factors that influence this outcome in the province.
The main objective of this paper is to determine whether the state of infrastructure development in Sub-Saharan Africa stimulates industrial sector productivity by labour productivity.
- The purpose of this paper is twofold: (1) to determine the strength of relationship between leverage and performance of the firm, both in terms of direction and quantified intensity, and (2) to explore possible factors that influence the magnitude of impact between capital structure and firm performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of regional trade on economic growth, using data from Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Member States. The authors decompose the regional trade data into regional and non-regional trade.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between Confucianism and growth from the perspective of political development. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of economic development, the authors use the immigration matrix of Putterman and Weil (2010), which provides the share of the contemporary population of each country that was descended from East Asian people in the year 1500.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of higher Special Consumption Tax (SCT) on output and employment in the tobacco industry in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the interest rate (IR) sensitivity of output and prices with different levels of financial inclusion (FI) in developing economies over the period 2007-2017.
The purpose of this paper is first, to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance. Second, analyzing internal (family ownership) and external (environmental uncertainty) factors on the effectiveness ofinternal control in preventing tax planning practices. This study also conducted additional testing by looking at the descriptive statistic in companies with high and low internal control and less effective internal control.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate and analyse the impact of exchange rate on inflation quantitatively in Vietnam over the period 2005-2009 to contribute to existing literature.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and evaluate the main factors that affect Vietnam's handicraft export.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the reallocation of resources between production units and the entry and exit of firms on the productivity growth of the Vietnamese manufacturing sector during the period 2000-2015.
The purpose of this paper is to examine impacts of stock-specific and market-related attention, measured by Google search volume (GSV), on stock illiquidity and volatility.
The purpose of this paper is to find the answer to the central question: "Does the sectoral composition of growth affect poverty reduction independent of the aggregate rate of growth in Vietnam?"
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the incidence of qualification mismatch in the labor market and the impact on earnings in Vietnam's labor market.
The purpose of this paper is to find evidence which might reveal variations in audit quality among auditors (Deloitte, EY, KPMG, PWC and other audit firms) in the multi-year data set.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of materialism (i.e. three materialism's components) on green purchase behavior among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. The theory of planned behavior with the integration of materialistic values is employed as a theoretical framework for this study.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between organizational learning capability and business performance in the context of Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the determinants of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers in Ca Mau - the largest shrimp producer of Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of removing industrial tariffs under the European-Vietnam free trade agreement (EVFTA) by employing the computable general equilibrium (CGE) approach.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of shocks in the various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria over the period of 1986Q1-2016Q4.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether independent directors can help firms reduce managers' overinvestment and increase investment efficiency in an emerging market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of country-level and fund-level factors on mutual fund performance in Vietnam. In particular, this study examines the relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic variables, fund characteristics and fund characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of share repurchase announcements on the value of rival firms in the same industry by using a sample of 201 open market repurchases announced in Vietnam from 2011 to 2017.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of organizational innovation on firm performance in the context of Vietnam, a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to replicate the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011) on the effect of rural roads on household welfare in Vietnam.
- Marine spatial planning (MSP) is an effective tool for resolving conflicts between various human activities and marine ecological protection work. It is also an effective means for multipurpose marine management. The major marine functional planning plan (MMFZP) and marine functional zoning (MFZ) are two important kinds of MSP frameworks that are being implemented in China. The purpose of this paper is to study the differences and relationship between these two kinds of frameworks and offer suggestions on their development and implementation.
The objective of this work is to analyze the presence of corporate social responsibility (CSR) in the missions and visions of the main ports of Latin America.
The purpose of this paper is to propose the concept of grey data analytics (GDA) as a novel concept for dealing with uncertainties like incompleteness in big data.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a summary of grey forecasting and relational models and its applications in marine economics and management. The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The basic idea is to calculate the relation based on the similarity of data series representing the characteristics of systems.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the environmental pollution and economic growth elasticities of maritime and air transportations in Iran.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the understanding of high-quality development of marine economy in China, point out the insufficiency in current research and put forward further research directions on this topic.
The purpose of this paper is to study and propose the optimization and testing process of the index system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field.
The purpose of this paper is to construct a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational analysis (GRA) method is then used to evaluate the quality of marine economy development in Qingdao city.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discuss the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for the coordinated development of land-sea integration.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the issues of inter-basin water transfer (IBWT) supply chain coordination considering the water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and the random precipitation.
The vast resources of the oceans are essential for the survival and welfare of humanity around the globe. It is not surprising, therefore, that economic activities connected to our oceans, such as maritime transportation and fisheries, are greatly expanding within a highly competitive environment among nations and other interest groups. Because conflict often arises among competing interest groups involved in a given marine economic activity such as aquaculture expansion, decision tools for handling conflict have a key role to play in marine economics and management. The purpose of this paper is to introduce the Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR) as a decision methodology for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquacultural development in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of recent advances in international marine econometrics (scientific analysis) research in the field of marine economy.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the Canadian aquaculture sector and its contribution to food production, food security, and economic development.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of aggregation operators (AOs) of intuitionistic linguistic fuzzy set (ILFS) and their applications in decision making.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new grey relational analysis (GRA) model based on discrete Fourier transform (DFT) to measure the similarity between time series polylines or curves of each factor and vice versa.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether chief executive officers (CEOs) with accounting backgrounds have an impact on firms' earnings management behavior and the level of accounting conservatism.
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients often require visits to multiple providers and follow multiple care plans, and suffer from poor health outcomes due to their underlying disease complications and multiple comorbidities. Inadequate treatment of ESRD patients can lead to high rates of hospital admission and readmission, as well as mortality rates that are higher than the general Medicare population. These alarming trends raise the need for more effective health care resource utilization to improve the quality of healthcare delivery to chronic kidney disease. The purpose of this paper is to examine the associations between dialysis center practice characteristics and process quality of care measures, related to dialysis adequacy and anemia management, and the association between these process quality measures and patient clinical outcomes, as measured by standardized hospitalization ratio (SHR).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation. The authors use auditor specialization to proxy for audit quality and predict that, for clients of specialist auditors, there will be more weight placed on accounting performance measures in determining the cash component of CEO compensation. Furthermore, the authors predict that greater reliance on incentive compensation and increased auditor scrutiny will correspond with lower levels of non-incentive compensation.
This paper aims to explore the design of management teams when the critical task facing individual managers is monitoring the performance of worker teams and producing performance measures under uncertain information environments. As a whole, this paper offers a theory of management team based on the idea that organizations optimally balance the management team size, worker team size and pay-for-performance intensity in compensation contracts for management and workers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX or Act hereafter) on firms' productivity. In the wake of corporate scandals and accounting irregularities that rattled the US capital markets, Congress passed and President George W. Bush signed the SOX into effect on July 30, 2002. The Act was enacted to enhance protection for investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures made pursuant to the securities laws.
The purpose of this paper is to identify outliers in data envelopment analysis (DEA) models that are used to measure the efficiency of firms.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between product innovation, cost-cutting and firm economic performance in the post-crisis context in the Canadian context.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new approach to marketing concepts - such as promises, 'reason why' and copy strategy - in which risk would be a key dimension of choice and preferences, that can be addressed efficiently by evolutionary-based cognitive sciences. The authors make the hypothesis that people's aspirations, the core core of operational marketing, could be profitably complemented and described by people's risk attitudes and perceptions, so as to position brands and products as a combination of aspiration and risk-taking attitude.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel strategic management model that is designed to deal with the decisions that are taken by decision makers (DMs) when undertaking a project within a group of heterogeneous decision makers. In particular, the authors focus on the effects of the intensity of shading applied by DMs on the relative payoffs received by the DMs. The authors differentiate between managers and employees with the former receiving a higher compensation payoff than the latter.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an integrated approach to grey relational analysis (GRA), analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and data envelopment analysis (DEA), which can be used to derive attribute weights for use in GRA.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce this special issue of the Journal of Professional Capital and Community, Professionalism in the Pandemic, and to reflect on a kernel of wisdom therein.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how community-oriented practice in online learning communities during pandemics in the USA can lead to teaching and learning where content and not humaneness becomes central. This has implications for equity-oriented education. In this essay, the authors argue that the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, be it in schools or in community.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait and its impact on the quality of education in the country during the period of the crisis.
The COVID-19 pandemic has taken over three-quarter of a million lives and caused a global crisis for education systems, impacting the lives of millions of children and young people across the world. The United Nations' policy response has been to urge global leaders and policy makers to Build Back Better through a series of propositions. The propositions focused on promoting fairness and equity, empowering local government and targeting resources for recovery programmes. Equity is a major challenge, perhaps the single most challenging issue as we attempt to build back better education systems. The assumption is that the learning loss experienced by children andYoung people from disadvantaged backgrounds will be greater than those from more advantaged backgrounds and therefore the pandemic will reinforce and amplify educational inequities. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore opportunities in the "adjacent possible" in teacher preparation in the COVID-19 pandemic, which has challenged and disrupted everything that we normally take for granted in the preparation of teachers.
The global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has led to temporary school closures in most countries around the world, affecting over 60% of the world's student population (UNESCO, 2020). Schools in Hong Kong were among the first to announce in-person class suspension starting from February 3, 2020, which was soon extended to early June 2020. All primary and secondary schools had to quickly shift their teaching and learning activities online. During these four months, the slogan "suspending classes without suspending learning" became a mantra guiding local discourse for finding ways to facilitate students' learning at home. The purpose of this paper is to examine the structural effects of social capital on schools' constructive adaptive capacity under social stress.
The COVID-19 pandemic is causing severe budget shortfalls in many low- and middle-income (LMIC) countries, and these shortfalls are already affecting education budgets, and hence the health, well-being and educational progress of millions of children. Educational public-private partnerships (PPPs) may be one way for governments to address these budgetshortfalls and protect the welfare of children, and this paper aims to discuss these issues.
The rapid spread of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) prompted a pandemic causing great health concerns and disrupting people's lives globally. Chilean teachers and principals are challenged to continue supporting their students' learning at a distance, while also being confined in their homes. Such an extremely challenging scenario is having an impact on educators' professionalism in terms of the role and values that distinguish the teaching profession. The school system's response to the crisis, as well as the health and social effects of the pandemic, evidences an attempt to reconceptualize educators' professional roles and values. In this essay, the authors analyze how the crisis created an opportunity to reconCEPTualize Chilean educators' professionals.
Efforts to diversify faculty composition in higher education are in danger of being lost due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the authors imagine that other workplaces including corporate and nonprofit institutions that have worked to become more diverse might also be facing this challenge. The authors describe several facets of their experiences as women faculty of color in the academy during the pandemic to explore how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with initiatives for equity and inclusion, during this frightening time.
Innovative use of information and communications technology (ICT) requires (new) knowledge and skills for the group that has the biggest impact on educational quality: instructors. Facilitating professional development (PD) for instructors is crucial for the quality of our education, perhaps even more so in times of a pandemic. Numerous reviews on effective building blocks of PD exist (e.g. Borko, 2004; Desimone, 2009; Timperley et al., 2007). Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks for effective PD on the innovative use of ICT. Using these building blocks, we created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, we used this framework to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands.
The COVID-19 pandemic has catapulted educational systems into unknown territory. It has challenged and disrupted the work of educators, the daily learning experiences of students and even the concept of schooling. This rapid shift to crisis schooling has had massive implications for pedagogy and professionalism during the pandemic and beyond. The purpose of this paper is to reflect on what has been learned from the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history and consider what might be possible in the future.
This paper describes SPARK, a school-within-a-school that launched in August 2019. SPARK might be viewed as an emergent innovation that highlights the possibilities for elementary education as COVID-19 continues to unfold and points to ways to reenvision how to do school for the immediate context and beyond.
This paper aims to consider some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances.
The purpose of this paper is to explore what the coronavirus pandemic and learning at home have taught us about teachers' professional capital and community. How has this unprecedented disruption lifted the lid off teaching, and what has it revealed? What can we all learn from what we have seen that might make teaching and learning better once the pandemic is eventually over?
The complexity that characterizes the work of teachers and school leaders was amplified during the COVID-19 pandemic. The immediacy and urgency of schools' responses to this unfolding situation positioned them as education's front-line responders. This intensified public focus, and the dynamic nature of teachers' responses offer new insights into how they can react in times of crisis. This paper explores why rethinking of professional collaboration and agency has been required and what this might mean in a post-pandemic era.
This forward-thinking essay explores one possible approach to enabling higher education and university staff to build and deploy their professional capital, ensuring they can more effectively support students during the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic (as well as similar crises in future). The authors begin by unpacking the nature of the current pandemic before discussing the opportunities that the innovative approach to treating student support as a form of a social network can offer.
The COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead.
The purpose of this paper is to offer perspectives for practitioners and decision-makers to look beyond short-term recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and consider its longer-term consequences to teaching and learning in schools.
The purpose of this paper is to explore principal professionalism in the time of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States.
The purpose of this paper is to consider how the COVID-19 pandemic has affected immigrant education and professional communities in schools, discussing the implications of these shifts for school leaders in the USA.
The COVID-19 pandemic affords a golden opportunity to rethink what matters most in education. The crisis at this moment is being contained with a response of an adaptive nature, but a transition phase towards hybrid schooling (virtual and physical) is yet to come. There are doubts as to whether this will allow for the arrival of a pedagogical renewal movement or whether education will simply return to square one when the de-escalation phase ends. This paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the tensions that school leaders are currently navigating during the COVID-19 global pandemic. The author explores - based on research and also the author's own lived experience of teaching, and leading teaching and learning, at her Australian school - the tensions and tensions that they are navigating.
The purpose of this study is to identify specific key performance indicators of seed accelerators (SAs) and to determine the factors that are most closely linked to these performance indicators. It also aims to identify the extent to which US SAs are the leading SAs worldwide and identify their main advantages, if any, over non-US SAs.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which strands of inflationary related conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions influence variability in specific bank performance indicators in the US banking sector.
The present work is an attempt to assess the impact that the slack resources have on performance over time. This research objective focuses on addressing the following research questions: (1) on the one hand, the duration of the effect of slack resources on performance, and (2) the existence of permanence of the relations between slack and performance overtime.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of one of the HR policies and practices (HRP) - performance appraisal (PA) - on employees' innovative behavior (IB) in the context of the human resource management (HRM) system strength concept. In particular, the authors analyze the impact of the perception of PA on IB.
This study aims to show the consequential recourses that exist among interlinked dyads when the motivation to transfer learning becomes an intervening force that drives convergent change throughout a controlled learning channel. A neural network approach is used in this study to triangulate if a multiplicative exacerbation exists when motivation transpires between nodes.
The purpose of this study is to explore the drivers of sustainable supplier selection (SSS) and its impact on firms' financial performance. Building on stakeholder theory, the current study addresses the SSS issue by examining how socially responsible purchasing practices which are measured by the purchasing social responsibility (PSR) dimensions, such as customers, the government, employees and the society at large as primary constituencies of the firm, determine the extent to which firms consider sustainability aspects in the selection of emerging economy suppliers.
The purpose of this study is to investigate the relationship between workplace ostracism and employee attitudes by focusing on the joint moderating effect of perceived organizational support (POS) and coping strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to study the role that Bitcoin plays when confronted with Economic Policy Uncertainty (EPU). Can it act as a hedge or safe-haven in the face of economic uncertainty due to its independence from the existing economic and financial system or should it be considered as a speculative asset due to Its high volatility?
Based on self-determination theory, this study aims to empirically analyze the impact of various game elements included in sport apps on the satisfaction of the three basic psychological needs of competence, autonomy and relatedness, and their influence on autonomous motivation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of employee satisfaction in the relationship between human resource management (HRM) practices and the competitive advantage of five-star hotels in the north of Cyprus.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze whether the anthropomorphism process exerts stronger effects on brand love than a non-human perspective of a brand. More specifically, this study uses as stimuli neutral brands in terms of affection and a broader range of brands in a broader product category (e.g. clothes).
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the price range and the effect of price bundling strategies in three- and five-stars hotels.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the effect of corporate governance at the country and firm level, and ownership on banks' risk-taking in the Middle East and North African (MENA) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior on knowledge transfer between expatriates and host country nationals, bi-directionally, and to identify the mediating role of shared vision in the relationships between cultural intelligence, feedback- seeking behavior and knowledge transfer. Shared vision is chosen because it is a mechanism that embodies the collective goals and aspirations of members in an organization to integrate resources.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of various determinants of financial firm's performance, including the CEO's total compensation and age, the size and the age of the firm. Specifically, the authors examine the case of seventy-two insurance companies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the correlation of volatility between indexes of a sample of CEE emerging (Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania and Croatia) and frontier (Croatia, Romania) equity markets through the study of the dynamic conditional correlation (DCC) based on five-dimensional GARCH-BEKK model.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the non-performing loan (NPL) using a unique sample of 49 high-income countries over a 16-year period.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the influence of anticipated regret, post-purchase regret and alternative attractiveness on switching intention along with satisfaction in order to contribute further insights into the actual role played by satisfaction in switching decisions when variables related to external reference points are included. Furthermore, the moderating role of service type (utilitarian vs hedonic) is also investigated.
The purpose of this paper is to examine to what extent environmental initiatives relating to climate change have been incorporated into organisations' practices in producing products and services and the influence of financial strength and corporate governance structure on the disclosure of information relating to such initiatives among Malaysian public-listed companies.
The purpose of this paper is to conceptualise concrete ways to create conditions to improve, in particular, the growth and competitive development of micro and small businesses. In the face of the opportunities generated by globalisation, the spread of solutions for the virtualisation of processes and markets and the growing emergence of new needs and aspirations, a solution for that unfortunate reality would be welcomed especially but not only by underdeveloped villages, cities, counties, regions and/or countries.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct the cost-efficiency analysis of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and real estate operating companies (REOCs) in order to find out whether any significant differences between the two firm structures can be observed.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the understanding of the causal chain via which perceived corporate social responsibility (CSR) influences purchase intention and perceived corporate reputation.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework to analyze how brand authenticity (BA) leads to perceived value (PV) and brand trust (BT) on the context of craft beer market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine two crucial issues related to the nature of boards in the Indian context. First, it seeks to investigate whether the presence of gray directors on the corporate board has any association with the magnitude of CEO compensation. Second, this paper investigates whether there would be any change in the relationship between board composition and CEO compensation across different ownership categories of Indian companies.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on the influence of corporate governance on business innovation. The ultimate aim is to find out the state of the art in this field and propose future lines for empirical research.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of family owners who are members of the board of directors to understand the effect of this mechanism on firm performance. The second objective of this study is to shed light on how the generation of the family in charge of the firm affects the relationship between family directorship and firm performance in family SMEs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the performance of Islamic stock indices with regard to their conventional counterparts, in high financial fragility periods and, especially, during the last global financial crisis (GFC), considering the volatility spillover effects. In addition, this paper attempts to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze their performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between leader Machiavellianism and employee silence and the mediating role of relational identification and the moderating effect of psychological distance on this relationship.
One of the most discussed and controversial debates within the current literature on graduate employability relates to the quality of students and their lack of soft/transferable skills, essential in today's labor market and necessary to increase individual employability. The purpose of this paper is to describe the main practices of companies to assess and develop soft skills.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of perceived organizational support (POS) and perceived supervisory support (PSS) on employee deviant workplace behavior (DWB) and the moderating role of cultural value orientations (individualism-collectivism, power distance and paternalism) on these relationships.
The purpose of this paper is to test the relationship between employee brand attractiveness and intention to submit a job application to the organisation. Specifically, the authors test whether brand personality traits affect employer brand (EB) attractiveness for current and potential employees.
The purpose of this paper is to quantify the divergences in regional growth as a result of sectoral differences, firm size and technological level of new firms generated in the regions. The authors consider both entrepreneurship and firms creation in explaining cross-regional differences in economic growth.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss and explain the development of additive manufacturing from a power dependence point of view. Additive manufacturing, that is, layer-based technologies for the production of goods, is assumed to change supply chains from global to local, and disrupt operations of several firms along the supply chain. While the technology as such would be destined to create disruption, its various actors create power struggles along a supply chain, increasing uncertainties and complicating the introduction of the technology. This makes it interesting to understand those mechanisms that come into play as such disruption occurs.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the latest trends in technological solutions and their potential benefits and limitations in intellectual property rights (IPR) management (IPRM). The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the antecedents and consequences of trust in a virtual team leader within the context of a virtual work environment.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of human capital (HC) in the link between leadership and organizational learning. Specifically, it is proposed that different leadership styles promote specialist or generalist HC, which in turn lead to different organizational learning (exploitative or explorative learning, respectively).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of managers' emotional intelligence (EI) on the adoption of high-performance human resource (HR) practices in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how human resource management (HRM) professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify traits of the most attractive tourism destinations in Spain using a two-step cluster analysis to ascertain the relative importance of natural, cultural, and dual attractions to target consumers. Once identified, promoting attractions that are not sufficiently leveraged will offer important opportunities to the tourism industry in Spain.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the subject of intertemporal choice which is of increasing interest within the field of behavioral finance. More specifically, it is devoted to the analysis of several measures of the paradox or anomaly labeled as "time inconsistency."
The purpose of this paper is to analyse whether work-life balance (WLB) practices act as a mediator in the relationship between female participation in the workforce and corporate financial performance, in a context where women frequently assume a traditional role and the country's culture does not favour many family-friendly measures.
The purpose of this paper is to study the development of the life cycle of a durable consumer product in the Spanish market. The analysis of the product life cycle (PLC) is intensified, differentiating between the customers assisted and sales variables, with the purpose of developing a business decision methodology that allows to distinguish between the uses of both variables.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation (EO) and three concepts: a firm's entry mode strategy, government affiliation strategy, and performance outcomes. The overarching goal is to determine whether firms that are managed by more entrepreneurial executives will achieve higher levels of success than less entrepreneurial firms. Additionally, the authors will explore if certain entry mode strategies, and government affiliation strategies, could explain this superior success.
The purpose of this paper is to determine strategic flexibility configurations and subindicators of strategic flexibility, and to examine whether and how these configurations characterize product innovation. The study also investigates the relationship between strategic flexibility and product innovation in qualitative terms.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how human resource management (HRM) practices affect public sector employees' job satisfaction in a cross-national context and whether these practices are universal.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the relationship between institutions and value creation in software development models. In particular, it aims to focus on the role played by intellectual property rights (IPRs) as a source of systematic influence directing individual efforts of discovery and invention.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how radio frequency identification (RFID) and enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems can contribute to supply chain integration as a practice of supply chain management (SCM).
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the association between board size (B-SIZE) and financial and reputational corporate performance, using a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia over the term 2008-2012.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the innovation and R&D processes of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the ASEAN countries, which are less science, technology and innovation-type due to the current level of technology and size of firms in terms of employees and assets. In doing so, this paper studies innovation by focusing on R& D.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the recent debate on innovation in tourism, proposing a framework that evaluates how the technological components used in a smart tourism destination can improve the tourism experience.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between perceived destination website quality, attitude toward the destination website and the willingness to participate in online co-creation experiences. Two main and specific objectives have been proposed: identifying the differences between perceived website quality of the destinations examined; and analyzing the role of the perceived destination websites quality on attitude toward them and their willingness to participation in co-created experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical success factors of emblematic hotels in Spain. This is done from the perspective of the guest or consumer, by analysing the direct activities that make up the value chain.
This paper aims to study e-loyalty among young people in the context of destination tourism. The purpose of this paper is to analyse the role of certain drivers over which tourist firms can exercise control (website design, quality of service), along with others whose control is relative (firm's image and reputation).
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the effect of the intensity of use of different social media on destination brand equity; specifically, in the dimensions of brand awareness, image, quality, value and the intention to make WOM and eWOM communication.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect on price of different cruise industry characteristics from the point of view of actual prices and in accordance with the hedonic price methodology.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the interdependent relationships between oil, gold, US dollar and stock markets. The authors try to perform a global analytical insight while pointing to potentially important direct and indirect interactions. They first discuss theoretically the causal bilateral relationships directly and through the effect of other asset prices and then, empirically, the all-party interdependencies through a simultaneous analysis.
The European Customer Satisfaction Index (ECSI) is one of the well-established models for assessing customer satisfaction (CS) and its antecedents in predicting loyalty. Even though the ECSI model has many variations, the construct of brand strength has not been incorporated in the model. The purpose of this paper is to introduce and investigate brand strength as a potential predictor of loyalty, investigate the role of CS in the brand strength and loyalty, extend the investigation in the grocery store setting and in a market under recession, and use a formative approach to measure the LVs.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature about agent-based simulation (ABS) in business and management. Such overview contributes to the establishment of a dialogue among scholars and the consolidation of ABS as a field of research in management and organizational studies.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of internationalization (geographic international diversification) and social performance on the reputation of multinational companies (MNCs) in a transnational context.
The purpose of this paper is to use the tools provided by social network analysis (SNA) to achieve instruments that help to identify the different network structures in online social networks and within these the influential actors from a marketing perspective. A method to detect individuals with the potential to efficiently spread a message in relation to the rest of the community based on SNA, particularly a combination of centrality metrics, is proposed.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a better understanding of the concept of corporate social irresponsibility (CSIR) through literature review focussing, further, on its relationship with corporate social responsibility (CSR) and to propose new lines of research.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role that the sociocultural, family and university environment play in the entrepreneurial intention of young people in the Canary Islands region. This region is characterized as peripheral from the point of view of innovation, following the typology of Asheim et al. (2011).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the strategies employed by the research technology organizations (RTOs) of the Valencian Community and the Basque Country to adapt to their environments, identify barriers encountered and best practices carried out that suit them and be more competitive. The research examined the relation between the variables that make up the proposed theoretical model.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the attraction factors of shopping centers integrating a factor denominated herein as design perception and the eco-natural environment as a dependent variable in a structural equation model.
The purpose of this paper is to study the optimization of the geographical locations of a network of points of sale, so that each retailer can have access to a potential geographic market. To this end, the authors study the actual journeys of 64,740 car buyers and the number of points and their locations.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of the confirmation of motivations on the pre- and post-visit change of the image of a tourist destination, taking into account the possibility that there is a gap between the image held before and after the visit.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relative effects of tangible and intangible resources (TR and IR) and capabilities on firm performance in the context of resource-based view.
Business failure (BF) is a constant in today's business world, being considered an essential and significant part of new business ventures. Although many consider failure a pathway to success due to it being a learning experience, there is a lack of research dealing explicitly with prior failure as a condition for success or other considerations that reflect long-term orientations for the individual. This paper aims to contribute to the scarce empirical research on the outcomes of BF for individuals.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the moderating effect of responsibilities of individuals outside of the work environment on the relation between telework and work-family and family-work conflicts. The study also analyzed if the level of control over teleworkers exercised by supervisors affected the relation of telework with worker performance.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework that explains why and under what conditions workplace ostracism undermines employees' performance. The pragmatic impact is conceptualized as a condition buffering the negative link between ostracized individuals' lack of access to task-related resources, power, and opportunity and their negative performance outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the role of a firm's knowledge identification capability as a mediating variable, i.e. as an outcome of structural social capital, for the development of an optimal external knowledge acquisition process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence the board characteristics of corporate governance measures has on the financial performance of Indian manufacturing industries. The study aims to explore this relationship empirically with the use of board size, board independence and board meeting.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a scale for measuring intrapreneurial competencies in the Costa Rican context.
The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to propose a simple tractable way to study analytically how the level of resources increases when a city grows in terms of the number of boroughs; and second, to obtain explanations about a real fact: those economic funds for public transport grow in a greater proportion in comparison to the growth of Boroughs. In the literature, this topic has not been considered in depth.
The purpose of this paper is to examine to what extent firms cooperate with external actors in the field of technological innovation, and if so, with what type of cooperation partner, paying special attention to the role that the size of the firms may be playing. The authors also analyse the factors that turn out to have a determining effect on the decision of firms to carry out such collaborative activities in R&D.
This paper outlines how an investigation into the impact of work-based learning incorporated a creative exploration of learners' experience. It notes the journey taken to the creation of play scripts, one for each participant in the research; considers how such an approach challenged the researcher's assumptions about appropriate ways to deal with data, taking her into an unanticipated Thirdspace (Soja, 1996); and argues that such creative experiences can be useful for work- based learning and work applied management.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of professional artefacts within a final work-based project from an undergraduate professional practice in arts programme in the UK. The professional artefact represents one coursework element within a 60-credit negotiated work-Based Project-based Learning module.
Collaboration and psychological safety are key factors to effective teams. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the experience of participating in a LEGO(r) Serious Play(r)-based awayday on team cohesion, collaboration and the psychological safety of the participants.
The goal of this study was to examine which conditions stimulate successful collaboration with creative professionals in crossovers (collaboration of creative professionals with companies).
How do managers translate innovative ideas into real-world practice? Addressing this question poses challenges for managers tasked with reform of public sector services. This study aims to contribute to debates about "the aesthetic turn in turn in leadership development" (Schedlitzki et al., 2015, p 413), in particular those related to healthcare project management and delivering innovation.
This paper reviews the latest solutions in extended realities and illustrates how ideation, concepting and co-creation can be an efficient, enriching experience for learners and professionals. It points out the possible advantages and practicability of co-creating using extended reality technologies through a real-life example of the ideation and concepting stage using traditional and VR methods.
The following study attempts to understand the barriers and difficulties educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment. Two major aims were proposed: to identify perceptions of teachers about pitfalls and barriers, which may arise in higher education, when students must develop learning activities in which creative thinking through artistic disciplines is required; and to explore ways of minimising the potential reluctance of education students when engaging with creative practices.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of 3D printing on supply chain management and work-applied management. The development of additive manufacturing is predicted to have a great future. But will it revolutionize the future in the production plants or is it simply a new process beside the conventional chipping and chipless processes? Much will depend on the technical and procedural developments. And still more interesting, how will additive manufacturing change cooperation, business models and global footprint of firms in industry and commerce?
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges that middle leaders experience in recognising emotions as a result of the task-orientated nature of being a middle leader.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the occurrence, experience and outcomes of mentoring in e-internships. The paper aims to explore the following two research questions. First, to what extent do e- Interns have access to mentoring during their e-Internships? And second, does this mentoring contribute to their skill development?
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a new approach to developing 21st century leaders, called Transpersonal Leaders. The authors call this new approach Transpersonal Leadership (TL).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the meaning and relevance of the three main themes examined by this paper--work, resilience and sustainability--have been conceived variously within the published literature and, in many cases, are ambiguous or even disputed. For example, debate persists about whether housework is 'work' and whether resilience is a trait, process or phenomenon.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between institutions, organisational work-life balance (WLB) policies and practices, and challenges faced by Nigerian female employees.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which sub-Saharan African human resource managers face cultural and political dilemmas in their daily practice. To what extent are there attempts to counter particularistic practices deemed opposed to universalistic practices?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles (or iterative processes) and the success of innovation management.
Evidence-Based Policing (EBP) is broadly based on the ideas of Sherman (1998) who suggests that rigorous scientific evaluations should inform and underpin decisions made by police practitioners within the workplace. The purpose of this paper is to provide a view on the development of EBP within the police service, with a view to its adoption within the organization.
Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship. Both the curriculum and Amazing People School resources provide these opportunities and nurture this positive attitudes to continuing development through the utilisation of personal strengths and characteristics to encourage confident, ethically informed future global citizens.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature of work-related problems in relation to work-based learning (WBL) and its impact on contemporary workplaces and domains of practice. The paper argues that WBL is not simply a pedagogical approach to learning but a philosophical approach that characterises how learners develop their knowledge to participate effectively and democratically in a civil society.
The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on successful implementation of business intelligence (BI) with particular regard for factors of implementation success with the aim of identifying which factors may have a bearing upon successful implementation.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the approach taken to supporting and developing standards of written communication within the workplace by work-based learners. Recent media reports have highlighted that in his new role as Leader of the House of Commons, Mr Jacob Rees-Mogg has attempted to address the standard of communication itself through issuing a style guide for written communications to his staff.
The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated literature review on psychological-focused executive coaching evidence. Executive coaching has been applied extensively in management learning strategy to support organisational outcomes. Although a coach's academic background in psychology was examined being a positive mediator to enhance the coaching outcomes, such as the coachee's self-awareness and job performance, there is still a lack of evidence in psychology to contribute to this area. Accordingly, an integrated evaluation across all relevant research evidence is required to specify in what way psychological interventions facilitate better desired coaching outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the characteristics of the manager as coach characteristics for dealing with team challenge within teams. The paper aims to explore how the manager's approach to team challenge influences the effectiveness of their approach to managing individual employees as team members. This paper also aims to examine the impact of team challenge on team functionality.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an introduction to co-working trends and motives of mobile workers for using such spaces and the potential of such workspaces to provide a sense of inclusion for mobile workers - a challenge for many employers who are not co-located with their mobile employees.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the FinTech (Financial Technology) education and retraining (FinTech-T) sector in the UK. The purpose of the study is to identify the current status of FinTech education and Retraining in UK, identify the research gaps in the sector and discuss the potential impacts of the gaps.
The purpose of this paper is to review the Confederation of British Industry/Pearson Education and Skills Report (CBI, 2018) on "Educating for the modern world: a report review". The report provides a timely reminder for educators of the critical requirement to maintain pace with global demand for a modern workforce, described by Schwab (2017) as the fourth industrial revolution where previously stable jobs may rapidly evolve to require new skills or are replaced by automation.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss three broad managerial learning challenges that emerge from the complexity that managers face. It could be the case that managers' incapacity to cope with these three broad challenges, emerges overall from the overconfidence that has characterized managerial learning so far.
The purpose of this paper is to enhance the learning outcomes of work-based and experiential learning (EL) training programmes with the help of spaced learning (SL) whilst deriving results from participants' experiences and points of view.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of the impact of a leadership intervention on an undergraduate work-based learning (WBL) project for human resource management (HRM) students at the Greenwich School of Management in London (GSM London).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which employees felt they were under pressure to compromise their basic values at work, the policies and procedures in operation and the management support available on issues relating to their spirituality.
The purpose of this paper is to document the opportunities and challenges of a practitioner researcher when accessing research participants during the implementation of a single longitudinal interpretive case study in the public healthcare sector in Ireland. It explores insider researcher considerations and seeks to address concerns in the literature regarding insufficient detail relating to interpretive research design and implementation in healthcare contexts.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance of colour on the communication of financial data in management and to encourage future discussions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how engaging in reflection within the structure of an action research framework can change the learning behaviour of an individual, motivating them to engage more positively and consistently with self-directed learning in their workplace environment. In this enquiry, action reflection cycles with autoethnographic methods are used to examine and transform the self-driven learning of a professional in the context of computing and data science.
The purpose of this viewpoint is to encourage readers to think more broadly about organisational interventions, and the thought processes involved in bringing about change, by providing a range of techniques that have helped me to implement successful organisational change programs over the last twenty years.
The purpose of this paper is to report on an action learning (AL) approach to curriculum design and delivery of a two-year part-time executive masters program. This paper documents the program progression through a number of learning iterations as its first cohort of students and tutors developed in tandem, and offers insight into all perspectives (tutors, participants, course managers and faculty).
The purpose of this paper is to present a longitudinal overview of the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank (part of the Lloyds Banking Group) and Middlesex University that took place between 2010 and 2016 in the UK. In particular, this case study argues that the demonstration of the business benefits of reflective practice can help to sustain effective university-business collaboration and support transformative change.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potentials of participatory research (PR) in the field of project management and in the specific context of healthcare. The authors aim to identify the key factors that influence project work.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the key influences that define the current human resources management (HRM) curricula and to propose a framework for making the HRM curriculum more relevant to the changing business world.
The purpose of this paper is to outline new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce a perspective which might indicate a way of both deepening and widening one's understanding of critical reflection so that its impact might be stronger and more supportive of action than is sometimes the case, and more directly relevant to work applied management. It does this through focussing on and applying ideas expressed by Ranciere (1991) in The Ignorant Schoolmaster: Five Lessons in Intellectual Emancipation.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. This viewpoint paper explores the use of models in coaching from the perspective of the coach practitioner. This paper shares a viewpoint that qualified coaches, experienced and inexperienced, use coaching models differently.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of positive emotions in generating workplace impacts, and then to examine a particular application of appreciative inquiry as part of a work-based learning and change project. The overall intention is to prompt further consideration, deployment, and examination of positive emotion broadly, and appreciative Inquiry more specifically, in the context of work- based change methodologies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how "impact" might be reconsidered, or indeed reimagined. The title is intended to be a bold incitement through the suggestion that simply searching for and recording impact, would invariably lead to propagating an already enculturated understanding of it. The author proposes instead by re/searching some practices that, while centrally concerned with reflection, are situated within an arts-based research paradigm that is not ordinarily associated with the contemporary, accepted understandings of what impact is and how it can be measured.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce two practical methods: iStory and dramatising character. Both of these have been developed for use in the practical innovation context of organisations in Finland. Both methods involve a type of learning which goes "Beyond Text", and the authors outline the theoretical underpinnings, co-creative development and applications of each.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the suitability of story-based methods for organisational learning and change in the context of health and social care settings.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges faced by employers in managing degree apprentices through one of the earliest Chartered Manager Degree Apprenticeship (CMDA) programmes. In doing so, it informs a potential gap in the literature concerning workplace management of degree apprentices, and generates significant impact by identifying the subsequent effects upon performance, engagement and retention.
The purpose of this paper is to bring attention to the execution of a collaborative action research study that focused on fan behavior associated with new NCAA Division I football program; examine the impact the collaboration had on the three diverse stakeholders involved in the process (sport management faculty, sport management students, and the university athletic department); and to specifically highlight the benefits sports management students derived from being active, and equal, contributors to the research process throughout the study.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between employees' personality traits and organizational commitment, particularly on affective commitment (AC) and continuance commitment, in Pakistani higher educational institutes.
The purpose of this paper is to look at how employability is currently embedded within courses to prepare students for their transition into the world of work or postgraduate study, identifying the teaching and learning strategies employed. The study then proceeded to investigate the actual employability skills attained and desired, from the perspectives of the university, students and employers. It also considered the roles of the work placement tutor and the quartet of employability actors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of management education in developing a "new" locus of corporate social responsibility (CSR) responsibility, namely the CSR professionals. CSR has been viewed through an organization-centric, rather than an individual-centric lens. Even within the latter, the emphasis, if at all, has been on the development of the right individual values for encouraging CSR adoption rather than development of individual competencies for ensuring effective CSR implementation. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of work-based learning (WBL) in support of the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) in higher education (HE) in Australia. The purpose of WBL is to provide a pedagogical approach to the development of qualifications frameworks (QFs) that are designed to build capacity into the education system to respond to the labour market's need for higher levels of skills.
The purpose of this paper is to deepen and expand the utilisation of "critical" ideas within the context of work-based learning, and particularly the use of a contemporary and controversial theorist, Slavoj Zizek, in reflective practice - a core dimension of the above approaches and methodologies (Gearty et al., 2015).
The purpose of this paper is to show how one institution of higher education is forging links with the world of business responding to the claim that university-level learning so often fails to meet the expectations of employers in terms of graduate skills and capabilities. It is also, hopefully, how responding to not unreasonable expectations of government that universities have a role to play in supporting the societies and economies of the communities they serve, it is possible to show the importance of listening carefully to the requirements of prospective employer partners in order to respond more precisely to meeting their needs rather than presenting them with an inflexible offer.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the implementation of a telemonitoring programme for better management of diabetes patients within the Monash Health research organisation in Victoria, Australia.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of work-based and work-applied learning (WAL) to enhance the intellectual capital of organisations.
The purpose of this paper is to argue that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen. In order to do this the author is bringing together two frameworks informed by complexity theory, which can help us step outside traditional comfort zones.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. It also aims to identify the factors that can help in future proofing the tourism entrepreneurship of the country.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice (LOPs) and to explore how it can be used to engage with the world in new ways. The paper aims to consider how this spirit can be brought to bear on the practice of LOPs through the lens of the fifth element.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the impact of work-based research projects at postgraduate level from the perspective of employers and from the employees' perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of reflection in work-based learning (WBL) and how reflection can be used as a development tool for graduates. The paper aims to discuss the importance of reflection as a learning tool and how it can be applied to graduate employability.
- Recognition of prior learning (RPL) is a process by which both formal learning for recognised awards, informal learning from experience and non-formal learning for uncertificated but planned learning (e.g. workshops/seminars that are uncertified) is given academic recognition. The purpose of this paper is to describe international developments in RPL and then focus upon the extensive and innovative use of RPL by Middlesex University and the developing RPL work at the Australian Institute of Business (AIB) in order to highlight some of the key opportunities and challenges of the RPL process.
- The purpose of this paper is to describe the use of action research and action learning (ARAL) to develop a policy and procedure to respond to the abuse of older people in a public health network.
- The purpose of this paper is to review the current literature and summarise the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rise condominiums projects in a middle-income country like Sri Lanka.
The purpose of this paper is to describe an online teaching professional development course for faculty in higher education. The course, called enhanced teaching and learning strategies (ETLS), was piloted with eight faculty members at National University from a range of disciplines - criminal justice, nursing, biology, economics, engineering, business, education and psychology. This course utilized a framework for engaging students that faculty apply to a course they teach.
- The purpose of this paper is to discuss knowledge management (KM) practices and their relevance to teaching and learning environment in private higher education institutions (HEIs). More specifically, to generate insights into KM traits that can promote and encourage knowledge sharing and knowledge acquiring culture in the private HEIs in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to present a study of mobile phone usage patterns of university students from a developing country located in the Caribbean. The increased adoption of mobile phones in the higher education landscape of developing countries has significant implications for teaching and learning in these institutions. The paper aims to address this research gap.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how narrative distance can be used to invite transformative learning experiences (TLEs) in instruction.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of blended learning in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh. The purpose of the study is to evaluate the effectiveness of the blended learning approach in the teaching and learning process at HEIs in Bangladesh and to identify the factors that influence the implementation of this innovative teaching approach.
The purpose of this paper is to explore which aspects should be considered when developing and implementing professional mathematics or STEM teacher development (PTD) for flipped classroom approaches (FCA), as an example of technology-enhanced and student-driven education.
The purpose of this project was to explore how STEAM integration in mathematics methods courses influenced K-8 preservice teachers' disposition and knowledge of STEAM. This study aimed at investigating the following research questions: is there any significant differences in K-9 preservices' disposition toward math teaching andSTEAM integration between the pre- and postquestionnaires? What is the relationship between preservICE teachers' dispositions and knowledge and the characteristics of the experience in learning from STEam integration by preservicing teachers? What are the common interesting topics used by preserve teachers for STEAM Integration at K-2, 3-5 and 6-8 levels? How have the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) connected with the Common Core State Standards for Mathematical (CCSSM) standards through STEAM tasks by preservaice teachers?How have the NGSS Science and Engineering Practices (SEP) standardsconnected with the CCSSMP standards throughSTEAM task development and application by
The purpose of this paper is to better understand the learning that results from Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics (STEAM) instructional programs. This study addresses the research questions: what interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary skills do students learn from engaging in STEAM programs offered by nonprofit organizations and by publicly funded schools? What are students observed to learn when they engage in tasks offered in these programs?
The purpose of this two-year and ongoing research study was to quantify and qualify students' experiences (e.g. learning, enjoyment and interactions with other students and staff), attitudes towards STEM, and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM challenge.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of faculty support and student-faculty interactions on student engagement with both behavioral and emotional measures.
The purpose of this research is to determine if participating in an informal STEM camp improved students' perceptions of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields and careers.
This study is unique in that it compares the conceptualization and K-12 STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. The purpose of this study is twofold. First, pragmatically, as scholars from the United States, we wish to learn how other countries conceptualize and implement STEM education so as to inform our own research and practice. Second, the three chosen countries prioritize STEM education, and they represent a diverse range of geographic regions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss some issues concerning STEM in the context of teacher education, namely, the nature of STEM education and the manner of its instruction as a whole.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of early childhood STEM identity development as a social identity-making process in the context of school-based STEM education. The paper aims to explore how early childhood classrooms can be used to foster STEM identity for children from low socioeconomic backgrounds.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Omni Nano model, a unique approach to teaching and learning nanotechnology at the secondary and early post-secondary levels. This paper outlines Omni Nano's process to deliver approximately 250 Discover Nanotechnology workshops to 10,000 students at 80 institutions and to offer the curriculum to dozens of schools, enrolling hundreds of students.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between university's role (UR), entrepreneurship education (EE), role models (RMs) and students with disabilities' entrepreneurial inclination (EI) in the Nigerian Universities.
The purpose of this qualitative exploratory case study was to explore how online adjunct higher education faculty members perceive the role of using social media sites as instructional approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to supply an in-depth description of the educators' values, beliefs and confidence at the onset of their experiences changing from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology. Integrating technology into the learning environment is a student-centered process where students are actively engaged in authentic learning experiences expanding their critical and creative thinking and increasing their knowledge base.
The purpose of this paper is to explore students' perceptions of the impacts of short-term international courses as part of the university liberal arts curriculum in Japan.
The purpose of this paper is to identify critical success factors (CSF) for technology-enhanced learning (TEL) approaches and to provide a selection of CSF for TEL approaches.
The purpose of this paper is to compare evolving thought on applied learning vs traditional lectures and recommend an alternative way to prepare future managers to serve their supply chain. In light of the changing business environment and the complex dynamics of supply chain management (SCM), there is a need to alter the current traditional pedagogy and equip educators with modern, comprehensive, applied, scenario-based teaching techniques.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between student performance and communication preferences with their teachers and the effectiveness of the PEM in the classroom.
Starting from the Vygotskian premise that "learning awakens a variety of internal developmental processes that are able to operate only when the child is interacting with people in his environment and in cooperation with peers" (Vygotsky, 1978, p. 90), and keeping in mind that virtual reality (VR) did not exist at the turn of the twentieth century when Lev Semionovich Vygotky lived (1896-1934), the purpose of this paper is to investigate what types of interactions are more conducive to true socio-emotional learning ("with people inhis environment"/in person, vs online) and to what degree each should be used advantageously.
The purpose of this paper is to examine early childhood teachers' socialization behaviors in their contribution to children's emotional competence.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the program "My BEST friends, the books," an empirical project (in progress) based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies.
The purpose of this paper is to report the procedures and outcomes of a cognitive remediation intervention protocol that included offering tangible and practical strategies to cultivate social-emotional skills integrated within a supported education program to facilitate access to post-secondary education and improve quality of life prospects for people with serious with mental health issues.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the intersectionality and interdisciplinary contours of socio-emotional learning (SEL). This paper argues that educating globally competent educators can be aided with an SEL lens. This paper seeks to wed SEL with a global citizenship theory called critical cosmopolitan theory (CCT). The paper illustrates this union by examining a case study of a study abroad program for 22 teacher candidates (n=22) from a large research university in the southeast region of the USA. The case study focuses on the impact of international clinical teaching experiences through a study- abroad program to South Africa. The paper uses a SEL lenses to report on how the teacher candidates construct meanings and purposes for global and intercultural competencies as part of this study abroad experience.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how participants in diverse schools newly implemented the Sanford Harmony social-emotional program and perceive its benefits for students and overall school climate. More specifically, the authors focused on the scale-up potential of Sanford Harmony using a combination of traditional practices allowing for school extensive school autonomy with a more formal "MOU-based" usage model.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the social-emotional learning (SEL) practices in ten middle schools with high levels of student-reported SEL ("outlier" schools) to understand what practices were being employed to advance students' SEL.
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a process through which people develop knowledge and skills related to self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, relationship skills and responsible decision making. As SEL receives more attention in the field of education, its principles and practices are evolving through interdisciplinary research. Culturally responsive practices (CRP) provide an important lens through which educators can implement SEL in effective, equitable ways for students of color. SEL also intersects with the positive behavioral interventions and supports (PBIS) approach in many ways that can be emphasized to provide effective supports for all students. While practitioners often draw from multiple perspectives such as SEL, CRP and PBIS simultaneously, the research literature provides little guidance for those seeking integrated models of practice. How are these approaches compatible, and where are their areas of divergence? What do real-world practices look like when educators synthesize SEL and CRP with PBIS? The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to explore teacher's perspectives of social and emotional learning (SEL) in Aotearoa New Zealand (NZ) primary schools.
The purpose of this paper is to examine associations between the parent component of the school-based, social and emotional learning (SEL) curriculum conscious discipline (CD) and parenting skills, parent-child relationships and child behavior and emotion management. Researchers also looked at whether there were improvements in parent-teacher communication about children's social-emotional development.
The purpose of this qualitative summative content analysis was to examine how robotics program developers perceived the role of emulation of human ethics used when programming robots for use in educational settings.
Over a decade of research has called for better use of data in education, yet most schools and local education agencies (LEAs) still struggle to fully use their data to make better decisions. The purpose of this paper is to develop a data competency maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model allows educators to better leverage the data they have today and to begin to plan how to use the data in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to examine students' levels of autonomy in regards to vocabulary development, teachers' efforts in encouraging autonomous vocabulary learning among university students, application of learner autonomy inside the university's English as a foreign language (EFL) classrooms, and possible benefits of developing vocabulary knowledge.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ability of the integration of theory of reasoned action (TRA) and technology acceptance model (TAM) to predict and explain university students' intention to use mobile learning (m-learning) in schools.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the success of a teacher leadership academy (TLA) in a public school district with a university partnership. This mixed-methods study was designed to answer the following research questions: Does a district/university partnership TLA increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities? How do teachers develop as teacher leaders through participation in a TLA?
The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for educational institutions like universities and colleges that would like to offer courses for refugees in the field of computer science.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the notion of attention regulating skills that are supported by the executive skills of cognitive flexibility, working memory and impulse inhibitory control (Zelazo et al., 2016). It then considers the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it.
The purpose of this paper is to make the case for bringing a culture of compassion into the classroom from preschool to graduate school.
The purpose of this paper is to learn whether participation in the mindfulness methodology called integrative inquiry (INIQ) resulted in a difference in students' ethnic identity, as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM).
The purpose of this paper is to explore student leaders' perspectives on how leadership development activities influenced their sense of spirituality and more specifically, how participating in a shared community service project as part of the leadership program influenced theirsense of leadership and spirituality. This case study explored how participation in leadership activities influence students' spirituality via their progression through Baxter Magolda's stages of self-authorship, which ultimately facilitates spiritual understanding (spirituality), spiritual and leadership identities and the capacity to lead.
Informed by education policy analysis methods, the purpose of this paper is to explore restorative practices (RP) and consider such practices important to study due to the unintended effects stemming from "traditional" obedience-oriented punitive approaches to school discipline. Based on the analysis of current research, the authors explain that when RP are integrated with social emotional learning (SEL) programming, it is an opportunity for educational practitioners to address issues around race, gender, disability, and other aspects of diversity. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP.
Learning analytics (LA) is a growing domain of research that is on the one hand enthusiastically exploring the potential of big data, but on the other hand provoking more and more critical considerations, for instance about ethics and privacy. Referring to maturity models in information systems, the authors argue that LA research involving big data can be complemented by a more modest approach based on "small data" that is readily available within institutions. This approach makes it possible to learn about expectations regarding, and challenges for LA within the short term. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to present the first evaluations and experiences from the use of visualizations of affective states for students and attempts to identify future research directions in this domain. The research questions are the following: How are the visualizations that the authors have developed for students in terms of their perceived usefulness and ease of use? Which insights are supported by the affective visualizations regarding their capability to support awareness?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether students at the tertiary level who are undergoing an entrepreneurship module is able to engage in a critical reflection in the process of learning, and analyze the emerging themes on entrepreneurship from those students who are able to achieve Levels 2, 3 and 4 of Hatton and Smith's (1995) framework of critical reflection.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of a website that combines free writing opportunities with the improvement of orthography skills. IDeRBlog is an abbreviation for "Individuell DiffErenziert Richtig Schreiben mit Blogs" (Individually DifferEntiated correctly wRiting with Blogs). The aim of the website is to intrinsically motivate pupils to write texts as well as to read and to comment on texts written by fellow students and continuously considering the improvement in German orthography.
The purpose of this paper is to apply data mining/machine learning algorithms to students' data, as students are progressing through a course, in order to predict which students are at risk of not satisfying course requirements, or are rather likely to fail. The identification of such students would then enable educators to carry out various forms of early intervention or provide additional and more tailored support as mitigation measures.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in the education system.
The purpose of this paper is to present an adaptation of a program that is at the intersection of two dynamic force fields. The first relates to imperatives impinging upon and inherent in higher education. The second ties to the concept of ecosystems as spaces for aligning actors and resources to create value. As noted by educational thought leaders, the confluence of such forces may be an indication of an inflection point that signals disruption to long-standing constraints as to how we think about education as well as offering extraordinary strategic opportunities (Brandenburger, 2013).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of narrative structures in instructional massive open online course (MOOC) designs. MOOCs can help in making knowledge available for everybody without limitations in time and space, at least theoretically. However, the so-called democratizing process of education that they were supposed to trigger did not take place in the way experts predicted it almost ten years ago.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the major issues involved in knowledge dissemination using computers (often called e-Learning) following the author's own experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a synopsis of the current state of refugee education in both Sweden and the USA, and an overview of the importance of integration of refugees into their host nations' societies, anchored by findings from a two-site case study conducted in Northern Sweden.
The purpose of this paper is to look at the state-of-the-art of stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) in econometrics, in the sense that it spells out and emphasizes not well-known research methodologies which could be useful for advancing the topic toward more credible and efficient results.
The purpose of this paper is to explain how econometrics can help fight the COVID-19 pandemic. To properly control the pandemic, it is important to be able to predict the effect of different possible measures. The existing models do not work well.
The purpose of this paper is to present in a simple formulation the methodology to represent by numerical measures the qualitative similarities, and to a certain extent, the qualitative dissimilarities, expressed by experts. Such similarity or dissimilarity measures are usually chosen arbitrarily among the long list of possibilities, without checking if they correspond to the expert's interpretation of his/her spontaneous evaluations. The authors follow Tversky's paradigm based on measurement theory to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which the authors express in an intuitive formulation.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive probabilistic structure which might be able to resolve different "anomalies" or deviations observed from the predictions of classical Nash Equilibria, a central concept of game theory.
Banks and credit institutions face classification problem each time they consider a loan application. A bank aims to have a tool to discriminate between solvent and potentially delinquent borrowers, i.e. the tool to predict whether the applicant is going to meet his or her obligations or not. Classification algorithms can either produce so-called "black box" models with limited interpretability of model result, or, on the contrary, provide interpretable results and transparent model structure. As a rule, black-box models have superior accuracy and less sophisticated models may provide less accurate predictions. This is also shown in previous work as soon as credit scoring problem has been approached with various statistical and machine learning techniques. However, the key feature of banking risk management practice is that, regardless of the model accuracy, it should not be a black box. Regulators require that banks are able to provide reject reasons for borrowers and also when central banks examine the bank models they have to understand economic intuition behind them to prove the models are going to
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of foreign capital inflows on economic activities and asset prices using a two-regime Bayesian threshold vector autoregressive model.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a theoretical model to determine factors affecting consumer intention to use credit cards, including perceived risk, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and social influence.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the stability analysis in the sense of Holder calmness of the solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of androgynous leadership in the COVID-19 pandemic. The authors propose that an "androgynous" leadership style has been used effectively by some political leaders around the globe in the crisis. This paper proposes that now is a critical time for leaders to take up that style, drawing from the full portfolio of behaviors available to them.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the gendering of Covid-19 in the Italian context and discuss the practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery. The authors first explore the socio-political-cultural patterns that underpin the social injustices that have characterised the Italian response to the Covod-19 pandemic. Subsequently, the authors analyse theGendering approach of the Italian leadership and offer some reflections and suggestions for a future that accounts for greater gender inclusion.
The purpose of this paper is to share the author's experiences of teaching leadership in the wake of the recent pandemic.
The purpose of this paper is to consider how individuals' work-family interface has been affected by its being enacted during a pandemic, how well these effects are addressed in the extant literatures on the intersection of gender, work and family and their implications for post-pandemic research in the field.
The purpose of this paper is to review four potential ways in which the pandemic may impact the gender gap in employment and advancement.
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to an unprecedented shift towards full-time homebased work across all socio-economic groups. It is inevitable that such radical changes to the organisation of work will impact the future relationship between the labour process and the domestic sphere. This paper aims to explore some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces.
The purpose of this paper is to extend Lewis and Simpson's (2010) work on the complexity of (in)visibility and explore what it means to women's entrepreneurship in Canada during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The threat of COVID-19 led to national lockdowns in many countries around the globe in February and March of 2020 and as a result many people experienced their homes becoming their place of work, often with very little warning and limited time for preparation. Lockdown also meant that nurseries, schools and universities closed their doors and education continued, or was expected to continue, in the home. These unprecedented actions resulted in many white-collar workers having to adapt to enforced and full-time working from home, while at the same time adjusting to all members of their household being together in their home 24/7. The purpose of this paper is to consider the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examine what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures, and suggestions for future research are offered.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the "gendering" of contamination in the context of COVID-19. In doing so, the authors draw on understandings of contamination (Douglas, 1966) and on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between work-life balance (WLB) and emotional exhaustion experienced by employees who were working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and how this relationship differs between male and female employees. The possible association between perceived participative leadership and work interference with personal life was examined, and the association between emotional exhaustion and gender was also explored.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic created a gender gap in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home.
The purpose of this paper is to share the authors' personal reflections during COVID-19 in the UK and draw upon existing scholarship with the aim of highlighting key issues for women managers, leaders and precarious academic women in organisations and in the academy.
The purpose of the feasibility analysis is to assess the viability of a potential venture and identify both needed resources and major problems in the present so that they can be remedied at an early stage of the start-up process. The purpose of this paper is to propose an enhanced five-part feasibility analysis that is tailored to include a longer-term view, which more effectively assesses the overall feasibility of the new venture after the doors are opened, more so than the traditional what-do-we-need-to-do -to-open-the-doors approach of the traditional four-part analysis.
In 2013, Michael Morris and his colleagues reported in the Journal of Small Business Management that 40 students reported a significant increase in 9 of 13 entrepreneurial competencies following a six-week international consulting project with disadvantaged entrepreneurs in South Africa. At the time, the paper was described as a pilot study, but the results have assumed greater importance given the rise of competency-based education in the interim. This paper extends the seminal work of Morris et al. (2013b) by asking whether perceived entrepreneurial competency can be improved in a semester-long classroom setting.
The study aims at understanding the influence of the university's environment and support system (ESS) in shaping the social entrepreneurial intention (SEI) of male and female students, i.e. their intent to become a social entrepreneur.
The purpose of this paper is to propose that the majority of entrepreneurs suffer from elevated rates of overconfidence. It is further argued that this is a common psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that result in firm failure.
The performance of female majority-owned businesses (FNVs) compared to male majority- owned ventures (MNVs) has been a topic of significant debate in academia. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the differential contribution to performance due to a difference in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs and, more importantly, how these differences impact venture performance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of leadership in business model innovation (BMI) in an entrepreneurial firm from an emerging economy, India.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework of business model innovation by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature. The review aims to provide a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovations.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of social dominance orientation (SDO) in what drives some women into social entrepreneurship and away from conventional entrepreneurship. Social dominance theory (SDT) suggests that individuals possess stable beliefs about traditional gender and race roles, which Sidanius and Pratto (1999) call social dominance and are the result of myths that society believes. Society often encourages males to be aggressive, risk-taking and competitive, whereas females are usually encouraged to be more community orientated, passive and less aggressive. Society generally encourages prejudice against women who possess the qualities necessary to succeed as conventional entrepreneurs, whereas it encourages some women to have communal traits associated with social entrepreneurship (gentleness, sensitivity, affection, sympathy, etc.).
The purpose of this paper is to propose and empirically test the moderating role of founding assets in the relationship between founders' human capital (HC) and new venture growth (NVG) in the context of new firms.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current state of research on corporate entrepreneurship (CE) of emerging market firms (EMFs) in the context of emerging markets and to suggest future directions for future research.
This study aims to understand the boundary conditions that foster knowledge transfer within business incubation centers in China. It examines innovative practices and emphasizes the mechanism of knowledge transfer across boundary conditions. By comparing and discussing the emerging boundary issues in knowledge transfer among small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) registered in the incubators in China, this study identified several contextual factors that impact boundary conditions with a focus on shared value and interests, and trust. This study also examined two important organizational factors, SMEs' entrepreneurial orientation and the use of information-rich media, to investigate how they impact knowledge transfer.
The purpose of this paper is to present, and perhaps more accurately, revive what it really means to be an entrepreneur and how the true meaning of what it takes to be a entrepreneur should influence entrepreneurship education and the expectations of its success. The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role played by the location of a venture in the differential success of black- and white-owned ventures. The author focuses on the mediating role of external factors such as the demographics of the location and the financial size of the venture and its mediating effects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how entrepreneurs' social networks influence entrepreneurial self-efficacy (ESE). Specifically, the authors examine the influence of emotional carrying capacity (ECC) and network ethnic diversity (NAD) on ESE for black and white entrepreneurs. The authors also examine the moderating role of ethnicity.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions on immigrant entrepreneurs in the USA. Specifically, this paper aims to examine the relationship between immigrant entrepreneurs' entrepreneurial intentions and their venture-founding behavior, venture growth and venture abandonment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine two types of founding team experiences (industry and venturing experiences) and their effects on the likelihood of new venture creation, after taking into account the industry context. In addition, the moderating effect of industry context is examined.
This study aims to examine how entrepreneurially oriented tourism firms are and to what extent entrepreneurial activities contribute to better performance in the Sardinian context. The purpose of this paper is to adopt a multidimensional entrepreneurial orientation (EO) approach to examine the degree of the five EO dimensions - innovativeness, risk-taking, proactiveness, competitiveness and autonomy - and their individual contributions to the increasing/decreasing performance of tourism firms.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a theoretical framework which integrates the currently fragmented transnational entrepreneurship literature to better understand how transnational entrepreneurs (TEs) develop their competitive advantage to succeed in a global market. Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper employs the dynamic capability perspective (Teece et al., 1997; Teece, 2007; Winter, 2003) and relational theory of social networks (Granovetter, 1973) and employs a social tie-based model of the dynamic capabilities perspective to suggest a model of how TEs develop competitive advantages in their new ventures.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the prospects of applying 360-degree feedback to the field of entrepreneurship and calls for more frequent use of 360- Degree Feedback in this field.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the experiences and views of commissioners of liaison psychiatry services in acute hospital accident and emergency (A&E) departments, and to test some of the key emerging themes with other health-care professionals.
The objectives of this study were to assess the quality of life (QoL) in patients with type II diabetes mellitus (DM) in a suburban tertiary hospital in Thailand and to analyze the relationship between individual characteristics (e.g. gender, age, occupation, marital status, education and income), health factors, self-care behaviors, complications and underlying disease, social support and QoL.
The purpose of this study was to develop an appropriate instrument to measure the "benefits of parental feeding behaviors" (BePFB) of parents of preschoolers in urban Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the predictors of undernutrition and anemia among children aged 6-24 months in the East Mamprusi District of the Northern region of Ghana.
- The purpose of this paper is to compare trends of perinatal mortality and adolescent fertility in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. It also aims to compare the rates of adolescent pregnancy per 1000 live births in the ISA and GSA.
Early childhood caries (ECC) is a major public health problem in both developed and developing countries that continues to negatively affect children's oral health. The American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry (AAPD) recommended periodic and regular dental care for children by caries risk level; every 3 months for high risk, every 6 months for moderate risk and annually for low risk. Public health centers in Bangkok have oral health prevention and promotion in Well Baby Clinics (WBCs) which are responsible for preschool children (0-5 years). The purpose of this paper is to test the efficacy of a brief-caries risk assessment form to evaluate the dental health status among preschool children.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the One Health SMART (One Health Systems Mapping and Analysis Resources Toolkit) approach on dengue vector control in Majalengka, Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to describe stroke survivors' circumstances, issues with providing care for stroke survivors and expectations for services of caregivers and stroke survivors. Understanding the needs of stroke survivors helps to develop appropriate community care services that would then decrease the overall cost of care, support quality of life among survivors of stroke and reduce caregiver burden.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of motor imagery (MI) on the performance of sit-to-stand (STS) by evaluating STS efficiency with surface EMG recording.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the defined indicators of tuberculosis (TB) in the intervention and control prisons after the implementation of the clinical protocol for TB and HIV management in Iranian prisons.
Health literacy has been defined by the World Health Organization (WHO) as the cognitive and social skills, which determine the motivation and ability of individuals to gain access to, understand, and use information in a way, which promotes and maintains good health. The purpose of this paper is to develop a health literacy hypertension test for testing hypertension in Thailand.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the changes in health-related quality of life (HRQOL) scores in patients with depression in the Thai health care delivery system in the 6th week and 12th week after the first visit.
- The purpose of this paper is to highlight the challenges and needs of the family caregivers in caring or nursing for their family members diagnosed with traumatic brain injury (TBI) in Malaysia.
- The purpose of this paper is to provide a narrative review on community-based rehabilitation (CBR) evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies. The main research question was - what value does the photOVoice method provide when used Alone and when use in combination in CBR evaluations?
- Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most frequently seen chronic endocrine disorder amongst women of reproductive age, affecting approximately 15-20% of women in this category. The literature showed that PCOS is associated with impaired mental health including anxiety and social phobia. Social Physique Anxiety (SPA), which is one of the socialphobia types, is defined as the anxiety and nervousness felt by individuals when their physical appearances are evaluated by others. The aim of this study was to investigate SPA levels in adolescents and young women with PCOS.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how differences in childcare experiences are related to the development, growth and health of children in the same context. The authors also explored the main reasons for enrolling the child in a day-care program and the characteristics of their ideal arrangements.
Using the model for Hypertension Development and Assessment (HDA) model as a conceptual framework, this study aimed to assess the rate of uncontrolled blood pressure (BP) and its associated factors in patients with predialysis chronic kidney disease (CKD).
This paper aims to provide a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies. At the end of this paper, a conceptual framework from a strategic point of view is projected to show a step-by-step integrated mitigation protocol.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic and the public health challenges in Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the knowledge, attitude and practice of pesticide use and determine the levels of serum cholinesterase among rice farmers in order to prevent and address the improper use of pesticides.
- The purpose of this paper is to determine the childbirth fear status of pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey and the factors affecting the fear of childbirth.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on women's distress levels among patients utilizing a Turkish university hospital. In addition, this study aims to determine whether the causes of infertility are related to the female or male factor.
The purpose of this paper is to review the scientific evidence regarding the effects of yoga on breast-cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018.
Insufficient intake of fruits and vegetables (FV) is one of the major causes of death and disability worldwide and an important determinant of overall cardiovascular risk and certain cancers. In response to accelerating progress toward achieving the non-communicable diseases (NCD) prevention and control targets, the purpose of this study was to investigate the association between sociodemographic characteristics and insufficient FV consumption in Thailand.
The aim of this research study was to determine the affecting factors and knowledge level of women in relation to gynecological cancer prevention.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between smartphone addiction, depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate the discounted money value of human lives lost due to coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Spain as of 19 April 2020.
- Non-medical use of prescription drugs among youth continues to be a public health concern even though rates of substance abuse among youth have declined over the past 20 years. The purpose of this paper is to examine the opinions of youth on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using prescription medications.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the prevalence and characteristics of risk factors for non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in semi-urban communities in Nakhonsawan, Thailand.
- The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of a Qigong program on sleep quality among community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate depression in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students in Thailand.
Uncomplicated malaria is a prevalent disease in Nigeria caused mainly through a parasitic infection, Plasmodium falciparum, with resulting symptoms including fever, headache, joint pain, malaise, vomiting, body ache, poor appetite and body weakness, without signs of severity or evidence of vital organ dysfunction. According to the malaria treatment guideline for Nigeria, case management of the disease involves early diagnosis and prompt treatment with effective and recommended anti-malarial drugs. The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of patients' knowledge, attitudes and practices (KAP) regarding uncomplicated malaria in the primary healthcare facilities of Plateau state, Nigeria.
- The purpose of this paper is to determine women's birth beliefs and associated factors in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey.
- The purpose of this paper is to provide a discussion of the key success factors of focus group discussions with the elderly for novice researchers.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the public health challenges during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in Nepal.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and assess a sex education learning unit for Thai primary students in the sixth grade.
- The purpose of this paper is to clarify the concept of intellectual capital (IC) in rehabilitation organizations and provide a comprehensive definition and a list of its components.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the effect of modernization on marriage patterns and contraceptive methods used among married women in contemporary Myanmar.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the prevalence of consumption of energy drinks (ED) among university students in Bangladesh and assess the determinants for preferring such drinks.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a health educational booklet (Be SAFE booklet) as a guide to improving knowledge, attitude, and practice toward drowning prevention and water safety among parents of primary school children in a local community in Selangor.
The purpose of this paper is to synthesize the qualitative research that describes the experiences of colorectal cancer patients during postoperative recovery in order to obtain a clear conclusion that will be useful for healthcare providers.
The purpose of this paper is to find the factors associated with patient delay among tuberculosis (TB) patients in border hospitals in Chiang Rai province, Thailand, as well as to understand the pattern of delay in health-seeking behaviors among TB patients in these hospitals.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of weight loss education and support interventions delivered to university students through online social media (experimental group) vs conventional methods (control group) for weight reduction on overweight undergraduate students in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to explore an association between women's experience of intimate partner violence (IPV) and women's decision making regarding the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services in Cambodia.
Fainting (or syncope) is a form of unconsciousness due to temporary insufficient cerebral circulation and can occur repeatedly as a consequence of psychological determinants at work, such as life-threatening or very stressful conditions. Mass fainting illness (MFI), previously known as mass psychogenic illness (MPI) or mass hysteria, has frequently been identified in many settings where large groups of people gather, including factories, schools, towns/villages, family groups, institutions and hospitals. The purpose of this paper is to determine the work-environmental determinants of MFI among textile factory workers.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of probiotic consumption on increasing the CD4+ T cell counts among Iranian patients living with HIV (PLWH).
Dental caries is a major public health problem among the adults and the elderly, particularly in developing countries of a nation's population. The purpose of this paper is to analyze changes in dental caries status among Thai adults and elderly over time using system dynamics.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how personality characteristics of risky pregnant women affect their prenatal distress levels in a cross-sectional study.
The purpose of this paper is to carry out hematological analysis including hemoglobin (Hb), red blood cells (RBC), hematocrit (HCT), mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), white blood cell (WBC), lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes in individuals exposed to air pollutants from smoked grilled fish using charcoal.
The purpose of this paper is to determine their sexual risk behavior and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand; analyze the associations among demographic data, sexual activities, sexual orientation, attitudes and working conditions based on the level of sexual harassment.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of the National HIV Prevention Education Program on Behavioral Changes for men who have sex with men (MSM) and transgender women (TGW) in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and the incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) for Tuberculosis (TB) treatment and care between two Thai hospitals located on the border with Myanmar and Laos, and to identify the optimal program for TB treatment care.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the basic characteristics associated with knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) regarding malaria among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current status of corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities of health care companies of India towards maternal health and to ascertain the extent to which they have fulfilled government's new orientation towards CSR activities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the mechanisms of theory of planned behavior (TPB) on cyberbullying among Thai adolescents. This study aims to examine the impact of cyberbullied victims and perpetrators on their behavioral intention to commit cyber bullying.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of husband's international migration on the decision-making autonomy of left-behind wives in rural area of central Myanmar.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the usefulness of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) in the assessment of overnutrition in comparison with bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) among children aged 6-18 years in Egor Local Government Area of Edo State, Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence and factors associated with safe sex behaviors among adolescent vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.
Dengue fever (DF) is one of the most common diseases in Thailand with a serious impact on individual health and the country's economy. A large amount of government funding has been allocated annually for the prevention and control of DF. The purpose of this paper is to determine the factors associated with the recurrence of DF at the individual, family and community levels.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the socio-demographic factors, health status and family relationships which may predict the quality of life (QoL) among older adults in the rural areas of Northern Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to determine knowledge, attitude and practices regarding air pollution among subjects in urban Dhaka, Bangladesh, and the factors associated with this in order to inform air pollution lowering programs and factors to pass on at the individual and community level.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effect of smartphone electromagnetic radiation on nocturnal headache in adolescent smart phone users in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
Malaria, kala-azar (visceral leishmaniasis), lymphatic filariasis (LF) and dengue fever/dengue hemorrhagic fever constitute the major vector-borne diseases (VBDs) that affect more than 1bn cases and over 1m deaths annually in Nepal. All of these VBDs are prevalent in South-East Asian countries. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the epidemiological situations and control strategies of these diseases in Nepal during 1998-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) and the factors associated with pain in different parts of the body among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of a combination of cognitive training and physical exercise for the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment (MCI) on their cognitive performance and health.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between socioeconomic status (SES) and dental caries among Thai working age adults using data from The 7th Thailand National Oral Health Survey (2012).
The purpose of this paper is to provide a final orientation for new graduates on the highest attainable standard of health, which is defined in the constitution of the World Health Organization (WHO) as a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of a smoking cessation program on self-esteem, attitude, perception, and practice regarding smoking control among male high school students in Ubon Ratchathani province, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the potential dermal exposure (PDE) of various parts of the body between officers' techniques and farmers' techniques under working conditions when spraying rice at different growth stages in paddy fields.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate factors affecting the potential for voluntary civic engagement among older persons in the ageing society of Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the characteristics of water containers influencing the presence of Aedes immatures in an ecotourism area of Bang Kachao Riverbend, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate age and sex-specific life expectancy (LE) for patients with ischemic stroke and intracerebral hemorrhage and to estimate expected years of life lost (EYLL) for each subtype of stroke relative to age and gender in a specific Thai reference population.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of a motivation program to quit smoking among Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) officers with non-communicable disease (NCD) risks.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the quality of asthma care among adult patients with bronchial asthma provided by a university-based primary care clinic in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the level of public knowledge about oral cancer in Uganda and to assess the impact of a free dental camp experience on oral cancer knowledge among the population.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of the Dual Approach Program to promote sexual abstinence in Thai early female adolescents and improve parent-daughter sexual communication.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationships between serum lipids, lipoproteins, homocysteine (Hcy) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) in patients with hypertension and the possible biological mechanisms of these parameters as exacerbated risk factors for cerebrovascular diseases.
Drawing on insights from the ecological theory, the purpose of this paper is to explore social determinants related to pathways to high-risk sexual behaviors of international travelers across an individual's life span.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the quality of life (QOL) and its predictors in Thai patients following multiple trauma incidents.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the level and trend of caesarean section (CS) deliveries in Karnataka (a state in the southern region of India) and its districts (local administrative units, immediately below that of India's sub-national States and Territories). It also tries to identify various factors associated with CS deliveries.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the structural relationship of a set of variables and test the relationship between maternal identity (MI) and its antecedents among primiparous Thai teenage mothers during 4-12 months following the birth of the first child.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence of emergency contraceptive pill (ECP) use and associated factors of ECPs use among women of reproductive age in Pathein Township, Myanmar.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of mindfulness-based health education (MBHE) on stage I hypertensive patients. The primary outcome was the effect of prevention and promotional hypertension behaviors (PPHB), while the secondary outcome was related to the quality of life (QOL) and perception of mindfulness and self-efficacy (SE).
The purpose of this paper is to explore perceived barriers to accessibility and utilisation of adolescent health services in Tema, Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the self-perceived competencies regarding the knowledge and skills of healthcare providers in the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to study the effectiveness of the program to increase health volunteer ability in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors associated with the decision by pregnant women to utilize either health facility, home or other places as centers for giving birth from a baseline survey conducted in Gombe state, Northeast Nigeria.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the meaning, situation, process, methods and results of managing psychotic symptoms of persons with schizophrenia among caregivers in various circumstances in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effectiveness of Brief Lifestyle Change in conjunction with Dental Care (Brief-LCDC) Programs on glycemic and periodontal status among diabetes mellitus (DM) patients.
Quality of life (QOL) among the older adult population is affected by many factors as multiple health disorders lead to diverse physical and mental disturbances. Interventions which highlight social support are considered to be beneficial and promote mental health. Older adults need support from friends and family to overcome anxiety or loneliness and make them feel a productive part of society. In crisis situations, friends, family and social support must work together. Previous research suggested the benefits of various intervention packages based on the concept of social support to improve the QOL for the elderly. In this study, a social dance program was developed along with social support program to motivate exercise amongst the Thai elderly based on social support concepts. The purpose of this paper is to determine improvements in QOL.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the trend of women's acceptance of domestic physical violence among married women in Indonesia and examine the determinants of their vulnerability to being a survivor of domestic violence.
The purpose of this paper is to redesign a continuous passive motion (CPM) machine for total knee replacement (TKR) therapy. The aim of the redesign was to improve the mechanical and electrical systems of the CPM machine to address knee movement in flexion and extension directions.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the prevalence of and risk factors for poor quality of sleep and its impact on work-related injuries among industrial workers in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the acceptability, the outcomes of using medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) and side-effects and service delivery of MTP among women at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period (LMP).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the correlation between conditions of caring for the elderly and family caregiver stress in Chiang Mai, Thailand, for the sake of fostering collaboration among family members, community and agencies involved to support these family members as caregivers to care for their elderly in the family happily.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the association of chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase activity with behavioural factors among young children living in an agricultural community.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of the modified health belief model (HBM)-based intervention for reducing body mass index (BMI) for age in overweight junior high school students, aged between 12 and 15 years. The authors also measured health knowledge and health behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a study about environmental problems caused by pesticide usage of people living in the highlands at Khao Kho Sub-district, Khao Koh District, Phetchabun Province in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) of earthquake preparedness amongst the elderly people in Chiang Rai, Thailand in the context of their distance from an active fault in the high, medium and low seismic zones.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the health effects of smartphones and tablets among the elderly population in Thailand and identify the factors associated with these health effects from smartphone and tablet usage.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the level of knowledge and practice of breastfeeding (BF) among factory working mothers (laborers) in Kathmandu district, Nepal.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the situation of accessibility to reproductive health rights and the conditional factors that affected their accessibility to five core aspects of their rights among adolescents in three provinces of Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors affecting the capabilities of family development centre (FDC) staff regarding promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of female labor force participation (FLFP), caste system and paid maternity leave on under-5 mortality in Nepal.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate toluene exposure of the printing workers and the potential of a charcoal cloth pad (CCP) as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeability coefficient (Kp) through the association of inhalation and dermal exposure with biomarkers, i.e. hippuric acid and urinary to LU.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the level of patient satisfaction with pharmaceutical care services provided at primary-level and secondary-level health facilities in Indonesia's health coverage system.
The "Buddhist Lent Dry Campaign" is an alcohol-control program that adopts Buddhist teachings to encourage behavioral changes amongst consumers of alcohol amongst the Thai population. The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the social benefits of the alcohol consumption control program in comparison to the program cost, especially for those using public money.
The purpose of this paper is to develop the larval indices surveillance system for low and high dengue risk primary care units (PCUs) and compare the outcomes of the implementation of an active larval index surveillance system in low- and high-dengue-risk PCUs in Southern Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate salivary fluoride retention demonstrated by pharmacokinetic parameters: F concentration and F half-life in saliva after brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of fluoride (F) toothpaste without rinsing or 1 g F toothpaste with rinsed water. The salivaries were also studied using the different brushing and rinses procedures.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of modified Khon exercise on functional fitness in older Thai persons. Khon is a unique dance performance in Thailand. It is a traditional dance drama performed with strong and elegant postures that integrates several performing arts and involves the story of Ramakien (Thai version of the Ramayana epic). The essence of the story is about overcoming evil with good.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the contemporary knowledge and attitude of postnatal mothers regarding the essential newborn care practices to intervene and educate mothers in future for proper practices and to enable the health planners and policymakers looking into this important issue targeting different demographic factors.
The purpose of this paper is to assess antihypertensive medical adherence and identify associated factors among elderly with uncontrolled blood pressure hypertension in the rural area, northeast of Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of elimination of diseases on expectation of life among the population in Bangladesh.
Sexual risk behaviours among young adolescents appear to be on the rise. A variety of sexual risk prevention programmes based on the principles of nursing and public health have been implemented to achieve reductions in teen pregnancy and other sexually transmitted infections (STIs) including HIV. However, the methodological and substantive features of these existing studies have never been reviewed in Thailand to identify gaps in the studies that, in turn, will affect the effectiveness of the sexual health interventions to delay the initiation of sexual intercourse and prevent other sexual risk behaviours particularly early adolescents. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the prevalence and potential associated factors related to cognitive impairment in older hill-tribe older people who live in Chiang Rai, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the level of quality of life (QoL) and factors influencing the QoL among elderly nursing home (NH) residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the relationship between early initiation to breastfeeding with stunting in children 6-59 months old.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the needs of patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting in Thailand. The aim of this study is to identify the most important needs of palliative home-based care for these patients.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effectiveness of the intervention program for dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention among rural communities in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the biological properties of mangosteen, Garcinia mangostana (GM), which defines as "queen of fruits", in relation to its health promotion effects.
The purpose of this paper is to review the existing literature on the prevalence, risk factors and prevention of work-related musculoskeletal disorders (WMSDs) among healthcare workers (HCWs). The emphasis is on workstation redesign and innovative approaches to reduce or to prevent WMSDs among HCWs according to their job characteristics and postures.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the concepts of health, disease or illness and health in the context of their environment and to propose an approach to health development.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the life narratives of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people who used substances in a substance treatment center by using narrative qualitative research.
Unintended pregnancies are an increasing public health problem among youth in both developed and developing countries, including Thailand. The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of an educational program on knowledge, attitudes and intentions regarding condom and emergency contraceptive pill use among Thai university students.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors related to methamphetamine relapse risk among clients in the substance rehabilitation center of National Narcotics Board in West Java, Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the prevalence of tobacco use and associated factors influencing the use of tobacco among adolescents in a school setting in Bhutan.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effect of delaying first pregnancy in reducing burden of unintended pregnancy (UP) among married adolescent girls in urban slums of Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to provide examples of menu board design to convey sugar, salt and fat (SSF) information and health messages in school cafeterias.
The purpose of this paper is to correlate and predict between community health and related factors and delineate the phenomenon of medical pluralism (MP) in Thammasen sub-district, Ratchaburi province, Thailand.
- At the World Health Assembly in 1977, all member states of the World health Organization (WHO) resolved to set a goal of "Health for All by the Year 2000" for governments and the WHO to collaboratively work toward achieving healthy living standards, thereby ensuring a socially and economically productive life. A year later in 1978, at the international conference on Primary Health Care (PHC) at Alma Ata, USSR, it was declared that a PHC) approach was the key to health for all by the year 2000. This approach focused on health care being made universally accessible to individuals and families, with their full participation and involvement, and at a cost that the community and country could afford because it benefits the community's overall social and economic development. The purpose of this paper is to discuss this issue.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the need for a pro-active approach to health development in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the pattern and perception of alcohol drinking among the Lahu people, Northern Thailand. The Lahu tribe is the second largest population among the hill tribe communities in northern Thailand. They have many festivals that involve alcohol use. However, there is no information available on the patterns and perceptions of alcohol use among Lahu in Thailand, and no data on the effect of globalization on their drinking practices.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of two emotional regulation strategies - cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression - on predicting successful aging among Thai older adults.
The purpose of this paper is to examine, on the community level, the effects of the intensive lifestyle modification (ILM) program (including health education based on a health belief model components and linkages, counseling, and exercise training) on weight and metabolic syndrome risk reduction in obese women in rural areas in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to describe and compare the effective of hand foot mouth disease (HFMD) prevention and control measures between low and high epidemic areas in Northern Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate factors that determine the compliance of mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria, with routine childhood immunization.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the quality of life and mental health of older workers in community enterprises in Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to study the efficacy of the district TB co-ordinating team on health service performance for suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients (PTB) in a district hospital.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the causal relationships and job stress among employees between those who were supporting their aging parents to the other group who were not. It is important and necessary to compare these groups because Thai immigrant employees who looked after their aging parent are less stress than immigrant employees without rearing their parents due to blood bonding in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of international leadership for the control of disease outbreaks relating to "One Health" in the twenty-first century. The paper aims to discuss the current issue of emerging infectious diseases (EIDs).
The purpose of this paper is to assess the quality of life (QoL) of primary family-member caregivers of patients with cancer in Thailand. The authors adapted the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale, a global tool for measuring QoL among caregivers, to assess caregivers' self-efficacy and social support.
The purpose of this paper is to identify knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) of municipal solid waste (MSW) management among highland residents in Northern Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to present experiences of women survivors of intimate partner violence (IPV) with the qualitative method, the purpose to explore experiences of survivors of IPV.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination and factors related to the intention to obtain the vaccine among young college women in Thailand.
The purpose of this paper is to review the evidence on the impact of community-based HIV testing and counselling (HTC) interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes including social and behavioural outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to synthesize published research concerning patients' readiness for discharge, particularly those who underwent primary total hip replacement (THR) surgery. The aim of this integrative review was to create an understanding of patients' views and experiences of readiness for discharged.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the extent and nature of work-related respiratory health problems and spirometric abnormalities among stone crushing workers in Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the patients' attitude toward diabetes mellitus (DM) screening in Thai dental clinics.
The purpose of this paper is to develop neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia so that the future development of these standards can contribute to the improvement of quality nursing care for the neonate as well as reduce the high mortality rate of neonates.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the validity and reliability of an adapted-for-purpose questionnaire designed to capture urban household health expenditures (HHEs) among Malaysian households as part of a larger series of studies to develop a health microinsurance scheme in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of unilateral Swedish massage on the neural activities measured by quantitative electroencephalography (EEG) measured by EEG. Swedish massage, a type of modern massage, is commonly used as an intervention in a number of research works and as the standard treatment in several countries.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the training program factors to develop the competency of regional operating officer (ROO) in the virtual service provider office (VSPO) in Thailand, which is a new management mechanism created to realize the health service system development plans.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the ambient dust pollution condition in selected point areas (residential, commercial and industrial) of Mingaladon area, Yangon region, Myanmar to find out the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors (traffic congestion, wind speed, ambient temperature and relative humidity).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of medical care globalization and medical tourism on public health and public health policy.
The purpose of this paper is to determine if an additional 60 minutes of supervised exercise training one-day a week, plus the non-supervised use of a pedometer is superior in effect to a non- Supervised exercise program combined with or without pedometer alone.
The purpose of this paper is to explore on the relationship of parental feeding practices (PFPs) and home environment to eating behaviors and nutritional status of school-aged children.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the variety of foods consumed by older people under their social, economic, environmental, and cultural contexts in the northern communities of Thailand. It is, therefore, necessary to understand the perspectives of older people and their families concerning foodstuffs consumed by the elderly.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how critical social science (CSS) can be used as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, and how it can be applied to the work of universities in Australia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of universities and research in times of crisis and the need for universities to come into their own and demonstrate their agility, flexibility and wisdom to use the crisis as an opportunity rather than a danger.
The purpose of this study was to develop a detailed competency matrix with knowledge, skills and attitude (KSA) components for the two core competencies of the optometry profession. A participatory approach aided by the Delphi technique was used in the study. Although the study was completed in 2019, the approach adopted is particularly applicable in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic disruption to the educational field.
The purpose of this paper is to critically assess the potential benefits and limitations of collaborative autoethnography (CAE) as a qualitative research method to be used by social scientists during the unprecedented time of lockdown, self-isolation and social distancing.
As the world bears witness to COVID-19, a reactive rhetoric and nomenclature of the "new normal" has emerged to describe and define the materiality of the global pandemic. A redefinition of teachers' work and how to make habitable the shift to an online pedagogy has served to illuminate the constitutive moments of teacher identity. The purpose of this paper is to provide an account of researching with the "Sturm und Drang" of the pandemic in narratives drawn from a research project on teachers' teaching.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a viewpoint from a vice-chancellor's perspective on the role universities can play in times of crisis in Australia.
- The purpose of this paper is to reflect on what matters in our here and now. The last few months has demanded that I ask this question, what matters? What I thought mattered stopped mattering and what I did not think mattered...well, mattered more. The coronavirus disease (COVID) months have changed us and we have attempted to change our lives, our homes, our ways of being.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the importance of sustainable innovation on products and services innovation in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil).
The aim of the current research is to analyze how ludic prosumption is featured on plays based on successful pop culture franchises performed in Brazilian fanvideos. Based on the argument that fans are prosumers, the present study suggests that fan plays can be called ludic Prosumption.
The purpose of this paper is to propose and test a theoretical model to evaluate how some dimensions of environmental awareness influence the intention of consuming organic products and how the gender influence it too.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) on employee retention in Generation Y (Gen Y) in a financial services industry, particularly in the accounting profession in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of entrepreneurs' social capital offline and online on early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors that affect consumer satisfaction and loyalty to online group buying sites in the Brazilian context.
The purpose of this study is to identify and characterize the studies developed in the field of strategic human resource management (SHRM) practices between 1997 and 2017. This way, the authors intend to describe methodological, demographic and content patterns of the national scientific production between 1997 - the year in which the emergence of the first editions of the journals analyzed herein occurred - and 2017, when the study was finally concluded. Likewise, the other purpose of the review is to present the institutionalization of the research on the theme in Brazil and the relationship network among research institutions. Finally, the outcomes presented supported the proposition of a study agenda that indicates new research paths regarding the implementation of SHRM policies and practices.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between fantasy and discourse in the consumption of online pornography and the exercise of female sexuality in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to identify potential arrangements of fully funded defined contribution (FF-DC) pension plans associated with the continuity of resource allocation for retirement. This paper aims to answer the following research question: what are the effects of automatic enrollment and employer match on the choice of pension plans?
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the organizational learning capacity (OL) of startups in the Northeast region of Brazil and to determine whether there is an association between the level of interaction with the startup ecosystem and the startup's stage of development.
In order to deepen research on film analysis in the field of management, the research question was "How does the film portray leadership concepts through metaphors?" Hence, the main objective was to analyze the metaphors about leadership present in a film. The authors chose the movie Chicken Run (Park and Lord, 2000), an animated film, which is full of metaphors, with important concepts about leadership and teamwork.
The purpose of this paper is to study the potential application of the lean product development (LPD) and agile project management (APM) approaches in the product development of the construction industry. The potential application was investigated not only in the technical dimension but also in the social dimension.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the applicability of social media (SM) in a service company. The goal is to understand how digital marketing strategies can be used in order to improve the firm's digital marketing plan.
Given that the economic success of organizations is largely due to their ability to innovate, this study aimed to identify the organizational tools and mechanisms that provide the development of innovative capacities of companies that have been technology-based incubators, linked to community universities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of gender diversity in the composition of the board of directors (BD) and the executive board (EB) of Brazilian companies on dividend policy-related decisions. The authors intend to analyze if the increase of female participation per se - apart from any cognitive, institutional or individual attributes - can affect the decision-making in terms of dividend policy.
The purpose of this paper is to present a case study carried out in an aircraft maintenance center that composes the Brazilian aeronautical sector. The objective of the study is to analyze and propose a sequencing method for maintenance activities in order to reduce the total downtime. Once the sequencing aims to increase aircraft availability, it has a strong influence on delivering the service in a competitive time.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the participation of teenagers as influencers in the buying decision of a family car in order to find out the relevant factors related to their preferences.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate how the Patent2net computational tool collects and organizes the massive amounts of information related to distance learning (DL) patents in the area of continuing medical education using a data mining tool, thus reinforcing its importance as an example of an Open Patent Service (OPS).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate urban resilience, defined as the cities' ability to respond to or use a negative event as an opportunity for change and development (Graziano & Rizzi, 2016) as well as the sustainable development policies of smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo (SP).
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the mediating role of learning capability on the relationships between technological capability, relational capability and the performance of small and medium enterprises (SMEs).
The purpose of this paper is to identify low-cost bus business models from different parts of the world and check their applicability in the Brazilian market. It also identifies crucial factors for the development of that kind of business and investigates the relationship between low- cost buses and other modes of transport.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of the technological segment of the general environment on crowdfunding platform operations in Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to assess whether the presence of venture capital (VC) and private equity (PE) funds in invested companies contributes to reducing the underpricing of their shares at the moment of IPO.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the results generated by an innovation management program (IMP) of the FAZ Program, a public policy that supports innovation in Brazil, according to the Pro-Inova goals.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the innovation value chain in seven strategic projects of the Brazilian Army. The paper aims to identify the common features among the projects and identify the innovation processes involved in them.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the applicability of the lean method for product development in a small Brazilian company, focusing on its application in the development of new products. The study is based on a case study from the company Vendo Movel.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence of attributes, perceived value and trust on the purchase intention of consumers of organic food.
Project portfolio selection (PPS) is an iterative process whereby managers select projects from available proposals and current projects, in order to meet organizational objectives. The purpose of this paper is to identify which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects and what aspects are crucial to manage radical innovation portfolios.
The purpose of this paper is to map the international scientific production on sharing economy through the analysis of bibliometric and sociometric indicators, as well as content analysis.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of culture, evaluation of store image and consumer satisfaction on purchase intention at supermarkets.
The purpose of this paper is to identify, through a systematic review of studies on Brazil's image, the characteristics of the Brazilian personality, associating them with the cordial man of the book Raizes do Brasil (Roots of Brazil). In addition, based on that review, it aims to present an agenda for future management studies, suggesting works in several managerial areas which may be influenced by traits of Brazilian personality.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between book-to-market (B/M) ratio, a standard measure of firm fundamental characteristics (with the profitability), changes in profitability and dividends growth rate in the Brazilian stock market. The authors consider that greater shareholders value creation (whether of growth or value stocks) is represented by higher growth rates of return on equity and dividends (or, simply, by higher "growth rate").
The purpose of this paper is to identify which risks can impact the productive planning in the MTS-MTO hybrid production system in order to understand, considering the scope of supply chain risk management (SCRM), this correlation and its relevance. This study is characterized for combining SCRM and hybrid production systems.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the adoption of sustainable innovation practices and the performance of industrial companies.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement of hedonic and utilitarian products.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the coaching process from the perspective of experts and practitioners (coaches), addressing daily aspects of its practice, as well as controversial elements in the organizational field. It also examined the role of Human Resources (HR) professionals and departments regarding their knowledge and monitoring of this process when hiring such services for their organizations.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: why do individuals become Uber drivers and how is it to work as one? The objective is to analyze why people have become providers in the sharing economy (SE) and how it feels like to be a provider in the SE.
The purpose of this paper is to answer the following research question: Are workers age 50 and over facing ageism (discrimination against people on the basis of their age) in Brazilian companies? The overall objective of the work is to bring up evidence about the existence of ageism.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a management support tool for stricto sensu graduate programs (SS-GP) in Brazilian higher education institutions (HEIs), capable of generating input lists for Scriptsucupira, making data collection more efficient, and providing information to support managers, subsidizing educational projects focused on the HEI management.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the dimensions of organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) that contribute to increase the effectiveness of IT governance (ITG) through the perception of individuals who work in public organizations. It is important to understand the behavioral effects on ITG effectiveness, since the simple adoption of ITG mechanisms does not ensure that they will be effective in meeting governmental demands.
The purpose of this paper is to reflect on potential discrepancies between the meaning attributed to sustainability in the company's strategic framework, and the meaning identified in the sustainability meanings attributed to the decision-making process and its strategic implications.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the implementation of circular economy (CE) practices in a network of individual entrepreneurs and small companies that participates in flows of products and by-products in common. The CE proposes to reduce the environmental impact and at the same time, promote economic growth through business development and new revenue streams.
The purpose of this paper is to present as main objective the understanding of what are the critical factors that lead an academic research project to achieve significant social and economic impacts.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception of the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model developed in the systematic review of literature.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the pressure from new technologies on the careers of young university students from a career theory perspective. To achieve the goals of this study, the authors considered the perspective of Arthur et al. (1999), who suggest dividing career theories between traditional and non-traditional. According to these authors, while traditional theories focus on the connection between career and personal fulfillment by considering a career as "the series of jobs worked by a person throughout their life" (p. 3), non- traditional theories emphasize "self-organization of one's career," which now needs to adapt to the environment.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the importance of logistics service quality (LSQ) as a mediating factor in the relationship between logistics capabilities (LC) and customer satisfaction (CS).
The purpose of this paper is to identify and distinguish, according to the sector (manufacturing or services), the operations management themes most valued by companies for hiring professionals, and to understand how manufacturing and service organizations differ in this.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the existing measure instruments for dynamic capabilities (DCs) in order to understand the context in which quantitative studies on DCs are developed as well as to assess the reliability and validity of these scales.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a minimum set of indicators to be measured by industrial companies to represent their sustainable performance according to the triple bottom line (TBL) approach.
The purpose of this paper is to verify how the workaround behavior has been approached in information systems (IS) studies, verifying its applicability and presenting guidelines for future research.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of innovation in the context of Brazilian small businesses by examining the following research question: which specific characteristics of small businesses in the metal-mechanical industry are facilitating factors or limiting factors to innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how certain dimensions of university-industry-government collaboration contribute to knowledge creation, management and transfer, focusing on Brazilian particularities.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of business school accreditation agencies in the organizational field of business schools (BS). The authors sought to answer the following question: How is institutional theory debated in research on accreditation in the field of BS?
The purpose of this paper is to understand the patterns and trends of publications that rely on the use of structural equation modeling (SEM) in the field of administration in Brazil, as well as to map the institutions where the authors of the identified articles are affiliated, and to discuss aspects of searching the articles in journals' archives and other scientific databases.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the structural similarities between stricto sensu post-graduation programs in management through the formation of clusters, analyzing them through the lens of the strategy tripod. The authors use the co-plot method, which was employed in the study by Segev et al. (1999), who evaluated the adaptation of American business schools through changes in the curriculum, seeking to identify differences between them.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the influence of the illusion of control (OCI) on the process of environmental scanning in organizations. The paper aims to analyze the relationship between individual environmental scanning and collective environmental scanning processes in organizations, based on the theory of OCI.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze if consumers' perceptions of the archetypes of international brands are homogeneous in different countries, if the characterization of brands through words and archetypes is homogeneous and accepted by consumers, and whether the existing brand/archetype designations in the literature are still accurate, given the degree of innovation and growth of these brands and consumers' perception across countries.
The purpose of this paper is to present a proposal for structuring the use of problem-based learning (PBL) as an active teaching strategy and to assess PBL's implications for student learning in two classes of an elective course in a management degree program.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a critical reflection on the broad "advanced manufacturing" issue. The topic is intertwined with national efforts to revitalize manufacturing and pursue technological leadership. Thus, advanced manufacturing is part of a framework that translates this perception and originates policies based on each country's specificities. In Brazil, this subject has been widespread by large multinational companies. The debates come with high expectations around several technologies that could transform manufacturing, although hardly ever accompanied by due considerations. Therefore, it seems appropriate to take a step back and make a critical reflections on the topic.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers' participation in social commerce, either purchasing, recommending, comparing or sharing information about products and services in online markets or communities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the moderating role of project management offices (PMOs) in non-governmental organizations (NGOs), by examining their performance on fundraising processes, in order to answer the following question: how do PMOs affect the performance of projects' fundraising?
To deal with "The Issue of Gender and Race in Career Progress and Labor Market" means to expand a discussion that involves complexities and responsibility, given the various intersections involved. Much has been done on the subject, although in limited spaces, and almost always for the same audience. The purpose of this paper is to argue about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how sustainable public procurement was established at the Federal Public Institution. More specifically, it seeks to identify the reasons and main implications of adopting the sustainable shared acquisitions system in this government body.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between the evolution of organizational performance and the pattern of strategic business decisions formalized in the strategic planning (SP) of a Brazilian heavy construction company from 2006 to 2014.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the different approaches of the "corporate reputation" construct, in order to identify the most comprehensive definition that can be operationalized for measurement purposes. From there, the authors examine studies on the relationship between corporate reputation and organizational performance.
The purpose of this paper is to propose eight perspectives to analyze the phenomenon of work as a multifaceted phenomenon: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how far the organizational commitment and job satisfaction influence the intention to turnover, according to the perception of employees of Technology of Information and Communication Institute (T.E.C. Institute).
The purpose of this paper is to pinpoint some key variables that help shape the notion of older workers as a source of wisdom capital. More specifically, it argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations.
The purpose of this paper is to present a discussion about a scale of social practices for the manufacturing sector with emphasis on occupational health and safety. In this panorama, the present paper was delimited for the validation of constructs that allow the discussion about social practices in relation to the management of safety and health at work.
The purpose of this paper is to report on the use and application of a crowd assessment safety risk model, the "DIM-ICE risk model". The aim of the study was to report the impact and use of this intervention on place crowd safety and the application of crowd science.
Many tourism destinations are putting greater focus on "micromobilities" to solve intractable urban problems caused by increased private car-use. The purpose of this paper is to assess where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase the use of micro-mobility schemes.
The purpose of this paper is to outline five observations that stress the trend of new governance approaches and emerging organizational models in tourism destination development and management in The Netherlands.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of new cinematographic and television operators on the attractiveness of tourist destinations. The authors identify as a future trend the influence that new players such as distribution and exhibition platforms for cinema and television works such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, HBO Max, Disney +, and Apple will have. As original creators of cinematography works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractivity of destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the phenomenon of flygskam, a trend which emerged in the environmental movement in Sweden in 2018, suggesting that flying is a reprehensible act, in the face of the climate change crisis. The movement conducts its activism in a variety of ways, including through social media. The anonymous account owner targets Instagram influencers who are viewed as normalising the excessive use of air travel in search of more IG content for their accounts. The offending influencer is interrogated on their travelling habits, and if they fail to respond, they are named and shamed publicly.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce Slow Food Tourism (SFT) as an ethical microtrend within the slow movement (slow foods, slow cities, slow travel and slow tourism) to address sustainability in the Anthropocene.
Now that manifestations of the urban arts are (becoming) Olympic disciplines, a further shift of urban culture from underground to the mainstream is to be expected. This mainstreaming brings opportunities and challenges for the tourism industry. On the one hand, urban culture can aid spreading seasonality by attracting tourists outside the listed events. However, incorporating urban culture into the veins of a city needs careful planning. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate the potential for and added value of urban arts by positioning it as a driver for creative and strategic placemaking.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of information and communication technology (ICT) in facilitating tourists' connections to the present moment in the context of e-mindfulness, a growing trend in tourism.
The number of urban dwellers has been growing in recent decades. With growing urbanization, increasing number of individuals is exposed to risk factors originating from living in the urban context, such as stress and stigma of mental health. Deteriorating health, the feeling of loneliness, environmental degradation, the falling health systems in many countries and aging population bring opportunities to the anti-stress trend. Tourism nowadays becomes an important element of modern lifestyle as people feel the need to travel. Cities, as places for people to live and work, began to emerge as major tourism destinations from the early twentieth century because of the variety of activities they offer (World Tourism Organization, 2012). The high levels of urbanization offer opportunities for many forms of economic activities, in which tourism plays a key role. As such, the opportunity for wellness tourism is stepping up in an urban context. The purpose of this paper is to proffers the following threads of research opportunities in the arena of wellness tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of "solo tourism" as a lifestyle trend. It aims to move discussion of solo tourism beyond its current limited focus. It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism. However, the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual.
Big data and analytics are playing a crucial role in digital transformation efforts of organisations in general and in the tourism and hospitality industry, thus driving greater effectiveness and efficiency and the strategy to define new business models and bring about successful change. The purpose of this paper is to explore the question of how the use of data, analytics and business insight might change the landscape of tourism and tourism services and provide an argument for the requirement to establish ethical data management systems as a platform for competitive advantage. The use of innovative data management is an effective ethical strategy to increase sales revenue by providing the tourism organisation with valuable business insights for on-going marketing activity and competitive advantage (Abraham et al., 2019; Evans, 2020). Nevertheless, the concerns and issues arising from data privacy and security deserve thoughtful future consideration.
The purpose of this paper is to look into the current demographic challenge of the developed world and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of three policy responses, highlighting how the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and present the trends of multisided platforms (MSPs) in the travel industry. MSPs are the new intermediaries in the supply chain of travel services, developed to facilitate intermediaries to have access to global travel content, increase sales and evade the threats of disintermediation. This study explores the trend of M SPs for two crucial intermediaries, travel agencies (TAs) and global distribution systems (GDSs), by focusing on their adoption of MSP, which lowers the risk of their disinter mediation and contributes to their survival in the long run.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how enhancement in territorial capital impacts economic and environmental sustainability of small-island tourism nations. The study also examines how tourism specialisation impacts sustainability.
The purpose of this paper is to look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. One particular encounter in Grand Teton National Park serves as its primary inspiration. Here a visitor was asked why he chose to visit a particular area of the park, to which he answered, "To explore the smellscape." An unexpected answer led to further inquiry elsewhere, which yielded the following revelation: not only must natural smellscapes be taken seriously as potential drivers or - in the case of unpleasant smells - inhibitors of tourism, but their influence is on the rise.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role that business intelligence (BI) plays in enhancing competitiveness in the tourism industry through the use of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes (1997).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of tourism on host communities in the Caribbean. The authors argue that tourism has a positive impact on the health and wellbeing of host communities and vice-versa. The purpose of the paper is twofold. First, to assure ourselves that existing and planned development is good for communities before considering for a moment that planned development enhances visitors' experiences. Second, that any development agenda has a legacy of useful new knowledge that can be embedded within the resources and repository of community as a resource for the creation, storage and retrieval of social, political and cultural capital.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the use of the Importance-Performance Analysis (IPA) technique to inform visitor management at marine wildlife tourism (MWT) destinations.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of pandemics on the tourism industry in a world of increased travel.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze how the Arctic is experienced while crossing the "magical" Arctic Circle through the lens of the Instagram social network in Rovaniemi, Finland.
The purpose of this paper is to explore collaborative practices in a workshop setting, which took place as part of a research project on sustainable small-scale business development and demography in South Greenland. The aim is to theoretically and conceptually discuss how emerging collaborative practices come in different shapes. The paper also unfolds how these diverse and yet interconnected practices simultaneously inspire and challenge new possible futures of tourism planning and development in the Greenlandic context.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the concept of sustainability in the context of tourism in Yllas, a peripheral, sparsely populated area in Finland which contains several fragile ecosystems. The aim of this research is to understand the views and desires of the tourism actors regarding the development of sustainable tourism in this area.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate to what extent cultural centres can be used to foster natural interaction between locals and tourists, by examining how they are used and perceived by different stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, on a conceptual level, one specific example of a product turned into a tourism attraction, located in the Arctic, namely the Sourtoe Cocktail in Dawson City, Yukon Territory. This example is deemed to be worthy of study because it is not a typical example of "Arctic tourism," and because its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative trends in tourism in the North. The deconstruction of this case complements recent developments around the concept of " Arctification."
The purpose of this paper is to examine the ramification of the Second World War on the Canadian North, and indirectly, on the American North. The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. They also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated (or not) into Canadian commemorative processes.
This viewpoint paper aims to analyse and discuss the external and internal factors that support or challenge a possible future transformation of Arctic Sweden into a major ski destination under a changing climate. In doing so, the paper questions future availability of the physical and the human factors that may foster ski tourism development in Arctic Sweden.
The purpose of this paper is to present a vision for the future of polar expedition cruise tourism based on current trends in expedition cruise travel patterns and in the types of passengers visiting the region. In particular, this paper aims to focus on the potential of citizen science as a means to enhance the visitor experience in the Arctic.
The purpose of this paper is to explore a potential strategy in which the UK could integrate cannabis across the country, to encourage tourists to travel to less visited towns and cities. It presents an idea in which UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. This paper explores the future potential of a UK cannabis tourism market in the form of a scenario.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how advances in information and communication technology (ICT) are likely to change the way tourists contact and interact with suppliers in the tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the requirements for future digital visitor flow management in the Lake Constance region of Switzerland. The research area is the Lake constance region. Its unique location with the three neighboring countries of Germany, Austria and Switzerland all bordering one lake has made the region extremely popular with both international and domestic visitors. In addition to leisure tourism, exchange rate differences (and the ability to recover sales tax differences) have caused year-round shopping tourism to develop in the region. Due to the favorable exchange rate, many Swiss will cross the border to do their weekly shopping in the border cities of Konstanz, Singen or Radolfzell. This has an effect on traffic infrastructure, which leads to congestion, especially in the high season in Summer when the different streams of visitors coincide.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability of the tourism system in Iran.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the experience economy and its current state and future trends. The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation.
The rapid development of technology has revolutionised the tourism experience. While significant academic discussion has revolved around the role of technology and current innovations in the sector, less has been considered from a futures perspective. Particularly relevant to this Special Issue is a need for academic discussions to consider future directions for technological mediation in tourism. The purpose of this paper is to provide an initial discussion of existing technological mediation perspectives which acts as a theoretical framework to begin the debate. Thereafter, three future directions are identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation within experiential tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z by examining their travel patterns, attitudes and travel motives. The possible factors shaping these experiences are identified.
The purpose of this paper is to gain deeper insight into motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participate in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. The Qinghai-Tibet Highway was chosen, as this is a popular mountain biking route. The following research questions were investigated: Why do Chinese millennials choose to go on mountain biking trips? What are the major factors influencing Chinese millennials' choice of the Qingai-TIBet Highway as their mountain bike destination? What memorable experiences do Chinese millennial mountain bikers have during their mountainbike trip over this route? Why do they regard these experiences as memorable?
This paper aims to explore a framework by way of a student fieldtrip as a medium of expression for situated learning, involving a case study of tourism students learning critical tourism through sensual and haptic dimensions of reflection. It documents a module entitled "Critical perspectives on critical tourism" at Karlshochschule on International University in Germany in which a particular component was conducted as a fieldtrip in Corfu, Greece.
The purpose of this paper is to present and discuss a futuristic scenario about the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development".
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of Airbnb as an experiential lodging platform in facilitating memorable tourism lodging experiences, and to determine whether Airbnb guests or host communities are more likely to experience transformative experiences.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the conceptual structure of the urban leisure format (ULF) by identifying its main features and also to propose the future developments of the concept.
The future of experiential travel relies on the continuous creation of innovative and unique experiences for tourists. When participating in the meaning-making process, people are still drawn to the heritage of destinations and this contributes to their understanding of both the present and future. The stock of disused or redundant historic buildings around the world provides an opportunity to create spaces that can offer unique and differentiated tourism and hospitality experiences for the experientive traveller. The purpose of this paper is to explore what constitutes a "servicescape+" and how the re-use of historic buildings for contemporary tourism or hospitality usage can be used to create contemporary experiencescapes.
The purpose of this paper is to examine youth tourism (YT) motives, satisfaction and behavioural intentions (BI) of youth tourists in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to conceptualize and examine a hospitality branding model for emerging economies like India. Hospitality brands can permeate distinctive meanings to the customers. These meanings and self-experiences of customers with a hospitality brand may enkindle the emotional relationship between the brand and customer. This research is focused on examining the role of emotional and experiential brand traits and their relationship with the customers' behavioral outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to propose lessons learned on how innovation can help facilitate sustainable tourism in a region. Sustainable tourism is a promising concept that has been around for quite some years now and still receives much attention. However, the application of the concept in practice remains a challenge. Therefore, the authors contribute to the academic debate by specifically drawing attention to concrete practical examples of innovation in sustainable tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the role of social media (SM) usage in the context of outbound leisure travel in India. The proposed framework is based on the technology acceptance model (TAM) which has been extended and/or integrated with other established models to include vital social and individual parameters of perceived social capital (SC), perceived trust (PT), perceived enjoyment (PE) and perceived behavioural control (PU).
The purpose of this paper is to use the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's (Gen Y) satisfaction towards hotel industry in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to review the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting models and their latest developments.
The purpose of this paper is to examine Las Vegas' past, present and future to provide an understanding of the unpredictable growth of Las Vegas, one in which external forces have played a monumental role in the development of the city. Las Vegas's transformation from local watering hole to world renowned fame can be attributed to a series of turning points in its history, with influencers ranging from geology, government, organized crime, entertainers, the economy, business visionaries and large corporations. Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning to make predictions on potential future states.
The purpose of this paper is to deconstruct the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacker" research through a critical lens, deconstructing backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new conceptual foundation for the future.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse how history shapes the future of airline distribution. The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues of the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018 that cover the topic of airline Distribution.
The purpose of this paper is to present a structured review of the past development of the global tourism sector, followed by the analysis of those current trends that are most likely to influence development in the long run. Conclusions offer some stimula to reflect about tourism possible future role as a role model for sustainable and inclusive growth.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the past, present and future of Haiti as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the critical innovations and movements in the evolution of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China. Drawing on the evolutionary paradigm, this study aims to investigate the reasons why nature tourism emerged in China in that period.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the emergence of cruise tourism in Iran and its potential to contribute to the development of the country's tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the projected future trajectories of real tourism exports (as a proxy for tourism demand) and relative tourism export prices of the 15 member countries of European Union (the EU-15), conditional on expert real gross domestic product (GDP) growth forecasts for the global economy provided by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD, 2015) for the years 2013-2017, where real GDP serves as aproxy for global tourist income.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the reforms in the public-holiday-policy system and their influence on the domestic tourism in China. The major reforms in Chinese holiday system in last 20 years and the overall changes of the demand for domestic tourism are analyzed in this paper.
The purpose of this paper is to use the metaphor of fitness landscapes to help us to develop an enhanced understanding of how actors in the sector of tourism are caught up in a process of continuous improvement and innovation - finding themselves caught in the process of becoming as actors try to find and develop niches that captivate people and attract visitors.
The purpose of this paper is to present a personal reflection of how one academic teaches the future of tourism. Dr Ian Yeoman is an Associate Professor of Tourism Futures at the Victoria University of Wellington; this is his story of teaching and learning based upon the following principles: a student-centred approach to learning rather than teacher focussed; the role of authentic learning in simulating a real-work environment; problem-based learning in which the student negotiates his/her own learning, sets boundaries and negotiates problems and resolves issues; and the use of problem-structuring methods to visualise learning.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the characteristics of contemporary tourism and identify possible future scenarios. The paper seeks to provide answers to a number of questions: what are the favored tourist practices of Millennials and Post-Millennials? What are the emerging needs of these two generations that the tourist industry must necessarily consider? How do new technologies support Millennials and post- Millennials in their tourist choices and experiences? What Are the main differences between these two categories?
The purpose of this paper is to examine differences in the benefits received from travel and the primary reasons to travel among distinct millennial segments. Previous studies examining millennials have focused on their presumably shared characteristics: millennials are young and carefree, expect instant gratification, seek out unique experiences, etc. However, in order to better examine the motivations and perceived benefits of travel among millennials (as well as the utility of travel mediums); this research was designed to explore potential differences among millennials with respect to age and income.
This study aims at better understanding the tourism experience of millennials by connecting their value orientations to the meaning that they give to travel. In doing so, it also aims at discovering profiles of young tourists that can be targeted both now and in the future by identifying target clusters for youth-sustainable tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. The city of Seoul, in fact, is promoting the development of sharing economy practices through a project entitled "Sharing City, Seoul" (SCS) which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the best hostel practices and trends, and to evaluate and discuss how they are keeping up with the present demand created by the Millennial travellers (aged 18-35).
The purpose of this paper is to discuss Generation Zers' tourism experiences and practices. Through the analysis of narratives and tourist stories, the ambition is to understand to what extent this tourist segment is sensitive to the notion of sustainable tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse factors influencing the propensity to share travel experiences in social media during a trip, across a sample of Millennial and Gen Z consumers in three different countries. Specifically, the paper addresses "self"-related drivers of electronic word-of-mouth (eWOM) in general social media, including reflected appraisal of self, need for uniqueness, and opinion leadership.
The purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual framework that can help a wide range of organisations, including smaller entrepreneurial businesses in non-urban destinations that fall outside of the remit of smart city developments, and in tourism destinations on the less technologically enabled or resource-rich side of the digital divide, to reap the benefits associated with employing the principles and practices associated with smart tourism to meet the needs of Millennials and Generation Z tourists.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and demonstrate the importance of the links between urban places and visiting friends and relatives (VFR) activity, and then argue that this type of travel will become more important for cities in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the potential effects of online peer-to-peer marketplaces and the so-called sharing economy on urban property markets in the context of city tourism and urban development.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to understanding the perceptions of local residents in destinations under considerable tourism pressure related to tourism and tourists, and the socio-spatial and cultural context which defines such perceptions. Bruges (Belgium), being an internationally known tourist destination, experiences a distinct pressure of tourism on its historical center and on the quality of life of its residents.
The purpose of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the negative impacts of tourism in city destinations by means of a case study in Hamburg and the construction of a conceptual model that could help to manage visitor flows.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse if and how conflicts that result from tourism are constructed as a destination management problem, respectively, as a problem of urban development and how this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as city and destination. Drawing on the notion of Seeing Like a City, the authors focus on how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts in order to manage them.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on a socio-cultural, trend-research-based practice that exists since the mid-1990s, within the portfolio of a lighting manufacturer: city.people.light. In the last two decades, such practice has delivered tangible results at brand innovation and strategic marketing levels through its participatory design principles targeting professionals. The author aims at reporting on an empirical validation of key categories (editorial products as output, workshops as generative process) within city. people.light by means of a dedicated grounded theory project (Bevolo, 2016).
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the current political and economic situation in Europe and the USA and to suggest ways in which tourism can benefit from these changes.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of Donald Trump's presidency on the future of American tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to identify and elaborate four scenarios for a sustainable industry in 2040, in which for each of the four types of business identity the implications of these scenarios were mapped together with strategic questions with reference to sustainability and actionable strategic propositions. This resulted in a framework that might inspire businesses to use sustainability as a leading principle for their commercial activities.
The purpose of this paper is to use a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas in the Netherlands.
The purpose of this paper is to use a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn, travel and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what the future might be.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the evolving expectations of guests, the drivers of change in the lodging industry, potential innovations, emerging opportunities, and likely future scenarios for hotel chains. In this paper the authors explore how hotel chains will be able to respond to the changing expectations of their guests in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to map out ten turning points in the evolution of revenue management (RM). The paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on Alonso's and Hobsbawm's premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations and illustrations.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the implications of Digital Amnesia within the tourism industry. With consumers becoming ever more dependent on technology, tourism businesses may become increasingly technically savvy to gain consumer attention. The construction of innovative, attention grabbing promotional marketing could be utilised in location service software within smartphone and tablets to alert consumers when they are close to certain attractions or providers. Advising consumers on potential activities on day trips or short breaks may also be a lucrative opportunity within this field.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the impact of political ideologies on tourism in the future. The authors first delineate the various political ideologies that exist and are available to political leaders. To do this, the authors delve into how political theorists delineate and isolate the different political ideologies. Here, they investigate the major political ideologies and look at how they view the role of tourism. They then explore how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries, with case studies from a number of countries.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of the independence referendum of September 2014 on the future of tourism in Scotland, and the implications for destination management organisations (DMOs) in Scotland and the UK as a whole.
The purpose of this paper is to present the changes in political and socioeconomic conditions after 25 years of transformation and how it provided a new methodology in tourism planning. It shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. The detailed objective is to characterize the systemic transformation and its impact on the economy.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the connections between security and order and the democratic governmental systems of the European Union (EU). It explores the link between enhancement of order (the consensual way the EU settles its differences) and benefits to tourism flows. It further asserts that these factors explain the continued expansion of the EU and also explains the conflict with Russia. The intention is to arrive at a better understanding of how tourism flows will be affected in future (negatively or positively) by the geopolitics of EU expansion.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how tourism professionals envision the prospects of current and future cooperation between the two prevailing ethnic groups on the island of Cyprus that has been separated by UN-administered "Green Line" since the Turkish invasion of 1974.
The purpose of this paper is to present a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses soft systems methodology (SSM) as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning (which will be referred to as TOUR301).
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the Tourism Confidence Index (TCI) helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The focus is on the intra-year development of international tourism demand, worldwide and in world regions. UNWTO TCI is used in combination with statistical forecasts, to test if sentiment brings benefits in forecast accuracy. If any, contributions are measured in terms of accuracy gains and assessed in alternative scenarios, including one of the hardest crises the tourism sector ever experienced.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse Airbnb as a reflection on the networked hospitality phenomenon in general. With hospitality and tourism experts, the authors looked into the past, current and future impact of Airbnb and similar initiatives. These insights were the basis for future scenarios, in a conceptual exploration that in the first place must become part of the academic discussion on the future and hospitality and Tourism.
- The purpose of this paper is to introduce a new approach to tourist tracking via smartphone app, exemplifying this on a case study from Lake Constance, a popular tourist destination in Germany. In doing so the paper illustrates past, present and future approaches to, as well as options for, tourist tracking.
The purpose of this paper is to present the results of the MEDRA project (Mersin and Drama municipalities' cooperation on accessible tourism) which was a research project, realised from 2008 to 2009. The main issue addressed by the project was the lack of accessibility for people with disabilities in tourist activities and the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the "polarity paradox" on hospitality and tourism. The authors argue that developing offerings in the field of extreme "dark" memorable experiences or even transformations, present interesting business opportunities for tourism and hospitality providers as consumer choices are polarising at both ends of the utopian-dystopian continuum. In this paper the authors specifically investigate the "thrill side" of the Polarity Paradox.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the importance of accessible tourism for the specialized travel agencies in Turkey. The purpose of the study is to identify the problems encountered by the disabled individuals with respect to travel and tourism in Turkey and to propose a solution to these problems.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the current state of the art in the United Arab Emirates' (UAE's) current federal disability law, Federal Law No. (29 of 2006) Regarding the Rights of People with Special Needs (PwD), and its impact on the 5 star hotel industry in the emirate of Dubai. In addition, the paper evaluates the impact of the existing legislation on the industry's interpretation and application of the law.
The purpose of this paper is to identify five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the special issue on "Accessible tourism futures: the world we dream to live in and the opportunities we hope to have", which explores the future dimensions of the intersection of disability and tourism in the emerging field of accessible tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to present a new, critical perspective on the selected models of disability (MD), the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the accessible tourism market potential, by forecasting the market value from 2005 to 2025. The implications of operating in theaccessible tourism market will be analysed using an assessment of major travel and leisure company involvement.
The purpose of this paper is to provide original insights into the current and future scope of accessible tourism in New Zealand from the perspectives of its stakeholders. This research sought to address the following objectives: first, to ascertain the current scope ofaccessible tourism in the New Zealand tourism industry, second, to explore social and business rationales to support a future of accessible tourist provision, and third, to examine the perceived reality and possibilities of "on the ground" accessible tourism.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The aim of the methodology is to develop and implement an accessibility training programme for the staff of the monument management company.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of accessible tourism as a business segment within the tourism sector. The paper aims to present three different scenarios of the possible future of tourism for people with disabilities in the near future.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the social background and values of students' travellers vs the meaning they give to travel and their motivation. The aim is to discover in their present behaviour cues to enhance sustainable travel choices so that the future of tourism can be secured.
The purpose of this paper is to examine factors that are important when aiming to plan for a positive legacy of mega sport events (MSEs). Specifically, the authors examine the "Dutch Approach" to legacy planning.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of tourism in New Zealand in 2050. The New Zealand Tourism Framework sets out an ambitious agenda to grow the economic value of tourism to $NZ 21 billion by 2025 at a growth rate of 6 per cent per annum. However, the tourism framework is a neoliberal document shaped by business and is void of the words such as sustainability and the environment. So, is there an alternative? This research was commissioned by the McGuiness Institute (www.mcguinessinstiute.org), a Wellington based non-partisan think tank which conducts future studies and contributes to strategic foresight.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the prospects, positioning, and planning for the development of space tourism.
Family tourism is one of the most important sectors of the tourism industry around the world and accounting for about 30 per cent of the leisure travel market. The purpose of this paper is to examine ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future.
- The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of food tourism and food festivals. Food tourism has drawn much attention as a tourism product, it is seen as one of the key components of the tourist experience. Food festivals provide an opportunity for society to socialise as by their nature they bring people together. But what is the future? By 2050, nearly ten billion people are forecasted to live on planet Earth, there will be new middle classes with new consumption patterns, oil will be scarce, the planet will be warmer as a consequence of climate change and five billion people will take an international holiday. So what could all this mean for food tourism? This trends paper portrays one future and the eight trends that will shape that future.
This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations.
- The purpose of this paper is to describe the development of scenarios for the Norwegian travel industry towards 2025. The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the 100% Pure New Zealand campaign as part of a broader national branding strategy to project the country as a unique and innovative place to visit, live and invest in. The purpose of the campaign is to project New Zealand as a young, beautiful and clean country. The idea of "purity" is mainly applied to the natural environment, represented as pristine, undiluted and de-humanised, but also to other elements such as Maori culture and hospitality, and locally produced food and wine. However, as Bose and Muthukumar (2011) point out, 100%pure New Zealand is a brand with problems because of the country's environmental issues.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an interview with futurist Ian Yeoman about tourism in Hawaii in 1776-2076.
- The purpose of this paper is to discuss the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI) to achieve the aims of the institute.
- The purpose of this paper is to provide an industry perspective on Tourism 2025, the New Zealand tourism industry's strategic plan for aspirational growth over the next five years.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact that trends in terms of changing power relationships may play in the new economic environment in which the tourism industry will have to function in the future.
- With the continued growth of social media platforms for guest feedback, the playing field for hotel rating is changing rapidly. The changing focus of consumers from conventional hotel rating systems that provide stars to classify hotels to online guest reviews and ratings is changing the field from one whereby the expert inspector or government dictates hotel standards to one where the consumer almost directly dictates what constitutes hotel quality. The purpose of this paper is to explore the development of online guest feedback platforms facilitating guest review and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the trends in the development of cyborg games in the near future.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference, held in Doha, Qatar, 23-24 February 2014.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically verify whether the development of improved relationships between higher education institutions (HEIs) and their stakeholders based on the principles of stakeholder theory creates more value.
Using neo-institutional theory, this study examines the complexity of the relationship between corporate social responsibility (CSR) and financial performance (FP) and analyzes the institutional factors that cause the complex relationship between the two variables.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the Royal Malaysian Custom (RMC), established as enforcement agency by the government, prevent Goods and Services Tax (GST) frauds.
In Pernyataan Standar Akuntansi Keuangan (PSAK) 55, the concept of impairment used an incurred loss model wherein the recognition of credit loss allowances was triggered by loss events subsequent to origination. For impairment information, historical data (past due information) and future macroeconomic predictions (forward-looking macroeconomic information) were used. In PSAK 71 or the Indonesian Financial Accounting Standards 71, impairment in financial instruments is no longer carried out based on incurred loss models but based on expected credit loss (ECL). As the new IFRS 9 impairment model requires impairment allowances for all exposures from the time a loan is originated, based on the deterioration of credit risk since initial recognition, the assessment ofcredit risk and the estimation of ECL in PSAk 71 must reflect an unbiased evaluation of a range of possible outcomes and their probabilities of occurrence including discounting for the time value of money, reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the financial well-being (FWB) of Malaysian households using the Malaysian Family Well-being Index (MFWBI) as a subjective measure of FWB.
The purpose of this study is to investigate how role clarity and learning goal orientation interact to influence employee customer orientation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of auditor characteristics on the tax avoidance of Iranian companies. In particular, this paper aims to investigate whether the length of the auditor-client relationship as well as the auditor industry specialization can have a deterrent role for tax avoidance activities in an inflationary economy like Iran.
- The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of board size, philanthropy and working capital management between basic corporate governance (CG) factors and firm's performance.
The purpose of this paper is to apply the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique on understanding the place image of Danang - the livable city of Vietnam in the minds of students.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of household characteristics on Vietnamese household saving rates by means of quantile regression.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between diversification strategy and firms' value in an emerging economy, namely Indonesia. This study also examines the role of growth opportunity as an endogeneity factor in determining this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch from the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) to the Main Board (MB).
The purpose of this paper is to examine how selected corporate governance attributes such as audit and board committee attributes impact the level of earnings management in selected Sri Lankan quoted entities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the efficiency evolution of the growth enterprise market (GEM) in Hong Kong and its role in closing the credit gap in small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the Hong Kong stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the causal linkage between electricity consumption and gross domestic product (GDP) in Bangladesh along with two control variables (per capita government spending and trade openness) to comprehend the source and direction of conceivable causal connection between them.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the existence of herding behaviour of Chinese A- and B-share markets by applying Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese stock market.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the fiscal sustainability of public finances in the Asia-Pacific region in recent years. If the ratios of public debt over GDP and primary deficit over GDP continue to rise, can the governments maintain the sustainability of the government budget in the long-run?
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies by deploying the efficient dynamic panel data generalized panel data estimation techniques.
The purpose of this paper is to detect, describe, point out and provide understanding regarding the essence of buyer responses on the channel capability in the decision-making process of buying a new product. The objective of this research is also to describe and point out the effectiveness of the product innovation in accordance to channel capability and the competitive environments.
The term "agent-based modelling" is become a buzzword widely used in the scientific literature though it refers to a variety of methodologies that are in different disciplinary contexts. This profusion of works dealing with ABM requires a clarification in order to understand better the lines of thinking paved by this computational approach. This paper aims at clarifying the different uses of ABM to characterize the evolution of economic systems.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the asymmetric effects of service attributes on ecotourists' satisfaction and dissatisfaction. It also investigates the linear relationship between service quality attributes and satisfaction as implicitly assumed in many studies adopting SERVQUAL and ECOSERV.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks of cryptocurrency that may happen.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate empirically impacts of monetary policy shocks on the exchange rate (RX) in Vietnam over the period 2008-2018.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of national governance quality (GQ) and foreign direct investment (FDI) on entrepreneurship in emerging markets (EMs). Specifically, the authors distinguish between opportunity- and necessity-motivated entrepreneurship, and explore the moderating effects of GQ on the relationship between inward and outward FDI and entrepreneurship.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between transformational leadership (TFL), customer citizenship behavior (CCB), employee intrinsic motivation (IM) and employee creativity (EC) in the context of Vietnam's hospitality and tourism industry.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relation between dividend policy and earnings quality in Vietnam, which is a frontier market.
The purpose of this paper is to incorporate risk into measuring technical efficiency of banking institutions in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) alliance. The authors have evidences that efficiency is specious and biased if risk is disregarded.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of Goods and Service Tax (GST) pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index. The study also examines the impact of the announcement of GST on market volatility.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between some features of Iranian corporations and the level of corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosure in the annual reports of listed companies on the Tehran Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of foreign direct investment (FDI) in Ghana. FDI refers to the monetary resources foreigners invest in companies listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange (GSE).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings in the presence of high and low cash regimes from the optimal or target level of cash in the context of financial constraints.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the contingent roles of perceived budget fairness, budget goal commitment and vertical information sharing in driving employees' work performance in the context of Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the reasons behind the recent surge in India's current account deficit (CAD), how it is financed and the risks associated with a high CAD in India.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the long-run and short-run effect of support price on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL-ECM approach.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the efficiency of Jordan insurance companies and its determinants using data envelopment analysis (DEA), slacks-based and logit models.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and examine a model of both promotion and barrier factors affecting the intention to adopt mobile shopping in an emerging country like Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to map the role of designers in innovation and design management literature. The author identifies five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the roles of designers, and the ontology, essence, metaphysics and metaphysics are delineated.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the impacts of human resource management (HRM) practices on firm outcomes using Vietnamese small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) data.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the simultaneous relationship among ownership concentration, innovation and firm performance of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Vietnam from 2011 to 2015.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the possible impact of fiscal policy on the saving behavior of emerging Asian economies, whether fiscal policy help to promote the saving rate or put a pressure on it.
The purpose of this paper is to assess both short- and long-term influences of public investment on economic growth and test the hypothesis that whether public investment promotes or demotes private investment in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the performance implications of the interaction between market orientation (MO) and management accounting system (MAS) use in terms of broad scope, timeliness, aggregation, integration, and integration on firm performance. The moderating role of accountants' participation in strategic decision making in fostering the use of MAS is also examined.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of fiscal policy on economic growth under the relationships with the changes in the institutions and the burdens of external debt.
The purpose of this paper is to use the stakeholder view to examine the influence of independent directors on firm's corporate social responsibility (CSR) disclosure in the context of Japan and the USA.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the unique link between derivatives use and exposures to country risks, exchange rate risks and interest rate risks by comparing domestic firms, domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) and affiliates of foreign MNCs.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically investigate whether Chinese corporations conform to the pecking order theory once non-tradable shares (NTS) are revoked during the 2005-2007 NTS Reform period.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how differences in the credit channel affect investment behavior in the US and the Euro area.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the benefits of debt reduction in developing countries by exploiting a natural experiment of debt relief under two programs: the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) and the World Bank's Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative launched in 1996 and the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative (MDRI) established in 2005.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a methodological argument that a possible dialogue between econophysics and economists can emerge. This kind of dialogue would not be superfluous, in this challenging context for economic knowledge, to understand how to understand the emergence of economic phenomena.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance (IF). Islamic finance is practiced today by financial intermediaries, which circulate funds from providers to users of funds. Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) use contracts developed in fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) literature to devise products that can be used to circulate funds in a way that is Shari'ah compliant (in abidance by Islamic law).
The purpose of this paper is to develop a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economics. This paper aims to address the issue of inequitable distribution of wealth in the global economy.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of cognitive, personal, environmental and behavioral factors on investors' intentions to invest in sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) using social cognitive theory (SCT).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the competitiveness level of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) in the logistics industry in Malaysia and identify the challenges faced by them in the adoption of takaful (Islamic insurance) protection.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of the Shari'ah Governance Framework (SGF-2010) in addressing and resolving the current challenges in Shari'sah governance in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an effective internal control mechanism for managing Shari'ah non-compliant income (SNCI) in Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate and compare the performance of Qatari Islamic banks (IBs) and conventional banks (CBs) from 2015 to 2019 using the financial ratio analysis (FRA) method. The banks were assessed in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a systematic review of literature on factors affecting takaful (Islamic insurance) demand from articles published from January 2009 to June 2019. The review aims to synthesise previously published research to explore and identify what actually drives the demand for Islamic insurance. Gaps and directions for future research are identified.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah non-compliant (SNC) issues in the practice of tawarruq financing in 16 Islamic banks (IBs) in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual framework of internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in Islamic banks (IBs) based on the findings of some studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effectiveness of technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns in Shari'ah-compliant vs conventional stocks in the context of the Malaysian market.
The purpose of this paper is to explore clients' perception of Mudarabah and musharakah (M&M) as micro-equity finance and their understanding of the financial products.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the concept of crowdfunding and how it could benefit Muslim entrepreneurs, particularly in Malaysia. With the emergence of many equity crowdfunding platforms, this paper examines the current crowdfunding platforms and highlights the Shari'ah contracts mainly used in the effort to develop an equity crowdfunding (SEC) framework for Malaysia. The identification of issues related to crowdfunding has led to introducing an SEC framework for an alternate method of financing.
The purpose of this paper is to propose participation-based tax increment financing (P-TIF) as a viable financing method to cater to the needs of community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or land sale models, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework of awqaf (pl. of waqf) doctrines based on the classical jurisprudential framework of the Shari'ah validity of waquf.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices and evaluate the efforts made by selected Muslim-majority countries in introducing Shari'sah- compliant central banks (SCCBs).
The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of intellectual capital (IC) in the operations of waqf institutions and non-profit organisations (NPOs), as few studies have discussed this issue in relation to these organisations. The study proposes a conceptual framework of IC in NPOs, along with a review of IC application in the context of certain N POs. It concentrates mainly on the issues of current waqaf management and its potential for reform through the consideration of IC.
The purpose of this paper is to present alternative contemporary interpretations and practices drawing from the same facts as those referenced in the Administration of Muslim Law Acts (AMLA) Chapter 3 and sources complementary to AMLA. The paper focusses on the current challenges facing the family of deceased Muslims who follow the Shafi'i or Hanafi schools of jurisprudence.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the total, systematic, idiosyncratic, fund-specific and downside risk exposures of Islamic mutual funds with their conventional counterparts to see which kind of fund has higher risk exposures.
The purpose of this paper is to study the stand taken by bodies of collective ijtihad (juristic interpretation) with regard to the resolutions of the Shari'ah Advisory Council of Bank Negara Malaysia (SAC-BNM) where parameters of maslahah were considered, and second, to highlight the parameters of Maslahah to understand the level of compliance with these parameters.
The development of the Islamic finance industry and the increasing market share of Islamic banking in Malaysia make it necessary to assess the contribution of Islamic banks' financing to industrial production. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between Islamic banking and industrial production in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss methodology, its principles and its application to the field of Islamic economics and finance. It also looks into the matter of integrated knowledge and proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the linkages between Malaysian real estate investment trusts(REITs) and selected macroeconomic variables over the period 2011-2017. The study aims to identify whether different types of REITs, i.e. conventional and Islamic, will have different relationships with the macro economic variables. It also aims to assess the impact of the REIT size on the relationship between REIT performance and macroeconomic variable.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the determinants of the intention to adopt Islamic banking in a non-Islamic developing country, namely, Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the new purpose of waqf, namely, to make impactful small and micro businesses successful in a circular economy.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how Islamic finance disputes bordering on Shari'ah (Islamic law) issues would fare before the current Nigeria's judicial dispute resolution mechanism, namely, the Central Bank of Nigeria's (CBN's) Financial Regulation Advisory Council of Experts (FRACE).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region during the period 2009-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated approach for building sustainable Islamic social finance ecosystems. The approach is based on the idea of associating all the stakeholders in one ecosystem where social welfare initiators can cope together to launch complementary initiatives to have a more significant impact on their communities and to cope with social finance providers to ensure continuous financial support to the ecosystem.
The purpose of this paper is to elaborate on business succession from an Islamic accounting perspective. In Islam, heirs and their entitlements are determined in accordance with the provisions of Islamic law: the Noble Qur`an, the Sunnah of the Prophet (peace be upon him) and Muslim scholars' verdicts. Business as an inherited estate becomes a family business and, therefore, heirs become partners to it. The equity (after settling debts and bequests) is shared among them.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated maqasid al-Shari'ah-based performance measure (IMSPM) for measuring the performance of Islamic banks (IBs).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the structure of the Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) and the performance of Islamic banks (IBs) across different regulatory environments in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.
The purpose of this paper is to study the practices and operations of Bait-un-Nasr Urban Cooperative Credit Society Limited (BuN), one of the oldest interest-free microfinance institutions (IFMFIs) operating in India, to evaluate its performance in terms of its growth and sustainability aspects, and to identify the operational and Shari'ah issues and provide possible solutions. It also aims to compare the performance of BuN against that of Indian micro-finance industry standards and benchmarks, and document the operations of the institution as a source of reference for future research.
Zakat and waqf are Islamic social funds that serve as effective tools for achieving financial inclusiveness and poverty alleviation in Nigeria. The purpose of this paper is to present an empirical data collection and analysis of the challenges facing the development of these institutions in Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of the decision to adopt Islamic finance among small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Oman. More specifically, this paper investigates the influence a firm owner-manager's Islamic finance knowledge of profit and loss sharing (PLS) financing, for example, musharakah and mudarabah financing, and of non-profit and loss-sharing (non-PLS)-based financing, such as murabahah and ijarah, has on the adoption of Islamic finance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the liquidity creation of commercial banks in Middle Eastern and North African (MENA) countries by various types and sizes, and to test the relationship between the creation of liquidity and the profitability of these banks during the period 2011-2016.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relative effectiveness of interest-free monetary policy (IFMP) and interest-based monetary policies (IBMP) compared to conventional monetary policies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the viability of integrating unit trust waqf with a modern financial instrument that is not only Shari'ah compliant but also carries high potential for competitive returns while at the same time preserving the initial capital.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an alternative mechanism for calibrating the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) for Islamic banks to mitigate certain risks.
The purpose of this paper is to review the current human resource practices of zakat institutions in Malaysia in relation to the key elements of HRM that exist within Islamic organizations as proposed by Hashim (2009) including recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development and compensation.
The purpose of this paper is to present rent-seeking behaviour as a concept and theory as well as the dynamics of rentier economies in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the contemporary issues of form and substance in Islamic finance from an Islamic law perspective.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which maslahah is taken into consideration in Islamic banking operations in Malaysia, particularly in respect of the three selected issues, bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the conceptual framework of Islamic venture capital (IVC), its viability in this diverse market place and necessary steps for smooth processing of IVC transactions. It also provides recommendations on the form and practice of successful IVC investments.
The purpose of this paper is to suggest Unleveraged Green Investment Trusts (UGITs) as a model to enable Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) to meet their liquidity management needs. UGITs represent a case of financial innovation that is motivated by two key factors: (i) liquidity risk that impacts financial stability, and (ii) climate change leading to serious implications on the achievement of the United Nations' sustainable development goals.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a financially affordable Islamic home financing (IHF) model that is more affordable than the conventional bay' bi thaman ajil (BBA) and tawarruq (commodity murabahah).
The purpose of this paper is to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the Islamic financial services industry (IFSI). The purpose of the rating system is to assess the level of compliance of Islamic banks with respect to Shari'sah norms.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the credit risk management (CRM) performance of Islamic banks (IBs) and conventional banks (CBs) in Pakistan's banking industry and analyze asset quality (AQ) and loan quality (LQ) exhibited by the banks.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the issue of bay' wa salaf, as deliberated by jurists and scholars, enlist and explain the structures of relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay'wa salaf in their execution, as well as to conduct Shari'ah analysis on their structures to determine their rulings, and propose solutions for the same.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a cooperative-waqf model for the development of idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The model is based on the concept of cooperative development.
The purpose of this paper is to review and analyse ar-rahnu (Islamic pawnbroking) in the context of the informal credit market theory because of its increasing role as a financing alternative used by women micro-entrepreneurs as a means to survive in business.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the policy of gradual reduction of the corporate tax rate on corporate tax revenue in Malaysia over an 18-year period.
The purpose of this paper is to address the socio-scientific methodology of holism emerging from the true foundation of Islam - that is, tawhid as the monotheistic law of everything. Islamic economics, finance, science and society are studied within trans-disciplinary holism under the primal ontology of tawhidi (monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge) and its methodological worldview. The proposed corrective methodological worldview is premised on "everything" and must therefore define its permanent epistemological basis.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology to assess the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt.
The purpose of this paper is to draw attention to the prolific expansion of predatory publishing from natural sciences to social studies in the West. It explores the consequences of predation for Islamic economics and finance and seeks to suggest remedial measures to curb the menace.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the opinions and recommendations of various experts regarding the integrated cash waqf micro enterprise investment (ICWME-I) model as a source of financing for micro enterprises. It aims to determine the range of factors that will impact its suitability, applicability and prospects in the market.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the centralisation of the corporate governance framework for Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) from the Shari'ah (Islamic law) perspective. The paper explains the origin of Islamic corporate governance, particularly focusing on the institution of hisbah (market surveillance) in the formulation of modern Islamic corporate Governance. It also discusses the Islamic jurisprudential concept of ikhtilaf al-fuqaha` (differences of opinions among ShARI'ah scholars) and the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of corporate governance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the possibility of adopting salam-based crowdfunding, a viable Islamic financial product innovation that is relevant to meeting the financing needs of the agricultural sector.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an understanding of the application of musharakah mutanaqisah (MM) by Koperasi Pembiayaan Syariah Angkasa (KOPSYA) and identify the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM by Islamic financial institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore and analyze the factors that will favour or constrain the introduction of an Islamic retail bank in Mauritius. The premise is that establishment of a full-fledged Islamic retail banks in the country would cater for the needs of Muslim and non-Muslim individuals, businessmen and small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), help meet the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and provide for better financial inclusion.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah issues related to sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct in general and American Finance House LARIBA's use of it as the basis for financing home purchases.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the development of Shari'ah governance requirements in the Malaysian Islamic finance industry from its inception until recently. It also describes the dynamic development of regulation and guidelines on Shari'sah governance, which has progressed in line with the latest requirements and expectations of the Islamic Financial Services Act 2013.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the existing practices of Islamic home financing and related matters to ensure that such activities are in line with the statutory requirements of the Islamic Financial Services Act (2013) (IFSA) and Shari'ah principles.
The purpose of this paper is to discover the relationship between the sacred months of a year and stock indexes in the Iranian and Iraqi Stock Exchanges.
- The purpose of this paper is to develop an economic theory of Islamic finance, based on certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices of Palestinian Islamic banks and their contribution to socio-economic development in Palestine.
This paper aims to unpacks the conceptual meaning of the term daman al-milkiyyah (ownership risk) and discusses its relevance in the context of contemporary applications in Islamic banking and finance. The central argument of this paper is that the source of any legitimate and profitable economic activity rests with the concept of damanal-milkyyah. It is argued that the concept does not narrowly refer to ownership risks or uncertainties but instead refers to liabilities and responsibilities that come with ownership.
The purpose of this paper is to gauge the level of awareness of target respondents on the availability of takaful and insurance coverage to address their protection needs, understand target respondents' takaual or insurance needs and how these needs are met, identify factors considered by target respondents in securing takaial or insurance coverage, and understand targets' experience in securing such coverage. The study also aims to identify potential areas of growth and improvement for general takaious business in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the classification and acceptability of preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the reporting dimensions of intangible assets in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the relevant Shari'ah requirements in Islamic finance.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for the use of Shari'ah non-compliant assets as rahn (pledge) in Islamic banking products.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the compliancy of contra trading practices in Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (BSE) and to determine whether contra trading is permissible under Shari'ah.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the Shari'ah stance on the goods and services tax (GST) on tabarru'-based takaful (Islamic insurance) products.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of the Islamic Financial Services Act (IFSA 2013) on the takaful industry in Malaysia of compensation for late payment of takafully benefit claims.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the optimum size of rotating qard hasan (QH) savings and credit associations (ROSCAs) and the factors that affect their efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to explain the Shari'ah screening and cleansing criteria for shares with particular focus on the ISRA-Bloomberg's methodology in both aspects. The paper also discusses in detail the cleansing methodology proposed by ISra-Bloomberg for the income generated from stocks.
The purpose of this paper is to critically review the global Islamic banking practices and identify how Islamic banking in Turkey resembles or differs from the practices of other prominent countries. It also examines a large number of key ratios reflecting business models and efficiency of conventional banks (CBs) and Islamic banks (IBs) in Turkey between 2005 and 2015 to provide a more comprehensive picture of the problems and to recommend workable solutions.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the basic concepts of purging, present a comparative study of the existing purging methodologies prevailing in the market, highlight the issues pertaining to the existing purge methodologies and propose issues for experts and researchers to research further.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss how the charitable institution of waqf (endowment) can be used to develop a sustainable model to promote the economic engagement of refugees. It delves into the establishment of microfinance and start-up funds to promote entrepreneurship among refugees in refugee camps and urban areas.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a new Shari'ah risk rating model for Islamic banks. The proposed model includes 14 factors to determine the degree of Shari'sah compliance of an Islamic bank. This rating will introduce a healthy competition among Islamic banks to comply with ShARI'ah laws and regulations.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the possibility of relaunching the takaful annuity retirement plan in Malaysia. It particularly seeks to address the key operational challenges in view of previous practices and input from industry players as well as research findings on annuities.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the nature of micro-takaful as a tool of financial inclusion. It examines how zakah and waqf can be harnessed in micro- takaful to provide social security and uplift the economic conditions of underserved communities. The Shari'ah issues related to the use of zakAH and waquf as part of the micro-Takaful model are also examined.
The purpose of this paper is to conduct a theoretical study on the prohibition of bay'wa salaf and its link to the qard policy relating to Malaysian Islamic banking deposit products. The Malaysian central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), issued a policy document titled Qard in 2016 that mandates all Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) in Malaysia to revise all products based on wadi'ah yad damanah (savings with guarantee) to qard (loan) by 31 July 2018. This will affect deposit accounts.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between entrepreneurial resilience and Iranian organizations' resilience using the fuzzy data envelopment analysis (Fuzzy DANP).
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the entrepreneurial competencies affect the micro-enterprise income and assets of micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of prior founding experience of entrepreneurs on early board selection in new ventures. The authors hypothesize that, relative to novice entrepreneurs, experienced entrepreneurs are more likely to appoint early boards with greater human capital and with greater functional diversity.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether the entrenchment of managers can affect influence firms' dividend payment decisions and the investor sentiment in the Tunisia context.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the main factors that influence the green purchasing behavior (GPB) of young customers in Sindh, Pakistan. Green purchasing is so far a very new notion in Pakistan and, therefore, literature on promotion of GPB is still lacking. Green products have been defined by other researchers as products which do not cause pollution on Earth or natural resources' depletion, and can also be recycled. Despite concerns for environment and customers' positive attitude to green products and sustainability, market share of green products remains limited to just 1-3% of the whole market. Owing to this situation, there is a dire need to explore buying behavior of a young generation belonging to the region and also to educate and motivate them to buy green products.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the extent to which small and medium enterprises (SMEs) have embraced the born global strategy and the Uppsala model, the role institutional environment (IE) plays in the debate and lessons for Nigerian and African SMEs in their quest for internationalization.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of customer satisfaction as a mediator and perceived price as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mediating role of entrepreneurial skills developed by undergraduates (ESDU) as a plausible mediator of the relationship between entrepreneurship education (EE) and sustainable development (CVSD).
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effect of behavioural antecedents of available resources on electrical installation and maintenance works (EIMW) students' entrepreneurial intentions (EIs) using the theory of planned behaviour (TPB).
The purpose of this paper is to understand whether entrepreneurial education imbibes entrepreneurial orientation (EO) among engineering students. The authors wanted to test whether students' performance in the Technology Entrepreneurship Programme (TEP) influences the propensity of entrepreneurial firms to hire them.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the impact of women entrepreneurs on economic development around the globe. Along this main objective, the study also intended to measure their impact on globalization and gender inequality. This study uses the data of 77 countries.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an evidence-based understanding of the root causes that drive the entrepreneurial small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) growth in Pakistan so that policymakers can have a better hold on how to develop SMEs. The study focuses on the relationship between trade credit (TC), retain earning (RE) and small small and medium enterprises' performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans.
The purpose of this study is to know the different factors that persuade travelers from the Philippines, Singapore and Indonesia to trust and use Airbnb.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of supply chain collaboration and national policies on innovations of Malaysian light emitting diode (LED) manufacturing companies. It also examines the moderating role of corporate entrepreneurship in the relationship between national policies and innovations.
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the association among boreout, mobbing and service innovation performance. The secondary aim of this study is to examine the mediating effect of boreout on this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the mediating role of entrepreneurial education in the relationship between entrepreneurial education and entrepreneurial intentions among undergraduate students in a tertiary institution in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents of attitude towards entrepreneurship among Asnaf Millennials from low-income households in Malaysia. The study was interested in the study by Gartner (1985) in constructing and testing the theory that connected the concepts of traits that can precede the attitude toward entrepreneurship. The conceptual model was designed according to the psychology of trait theory. The theory of psychology explained the characteristics of an individual are different because of personality traits. However, the theory would not be suitable to explain the traits among AsNaf Millennials, as it is commonly used for entrepreneurs among millennials.
The purpose of this paper is to understand and evaluate whether (and how) students enrolling in two different types of educational programs - vocational and academic - differed in their entrepreneurial characteristics and orientations. In this regard, four constructs that find mention in a wide range of entrepreneurial research - perceived self-efficacy (PSE), personality characteristics (PC), subjective norms (SN) and entrepreneurial intentions (EIs) - were used to investigate the difference between the two sets of student groups.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between personality traits (PTs) of employees and intrapreneurial behaviour (IB) and the moderating role of knowledge sharing behaviour (KSB) in a developing country context.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of market orientation on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) innovativeness in Yemen. Specifically, the paper examines if customer orientation, competitor orientation, inter-functional coordination and supplier orientation have a significant impact on SME innovativism.
The purpose of this paper is to report the results on the influence of entrepreneurial framework conditions (EFCs) on business sustainability among youth and women entrepreneurs using the global entrepreneurship monitor and monitor (GEM) model.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the role of entrepreneurial intention in promoting women entrepreneurship among women entrepreneurs in India. Entrepreneurial intention plays a vital role for any decision to take place for starting any firm. Most entrepreneurship research on individual level analysis has focused on the entrepreneurial activities of male entrepreneurs. It is explicitly found in earlier research findings that there is no significant difference in male and female entrepreneurs. Several other studies were conducted with a focus on studying the gender differences in entrepreneurship. It has been stated in some studies by that women entrepreneurs are different from that of men in terms of characteristics, background, motivation, entrepreneurial skills and the problems faced by them. In addition, studies have pointed that men and women use different strategies and organizational structures while managing business enterprises.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated model of non-profit organization (NPO) donation-related behaviors. To achieve this aim, the study examined the influence of three key mediating variables of donor loyalty, namely, attitude toward beneficiaries, trust and self-esteem in one integrative model.
The purpose of this paper is to examine whether variations across firms in observed market timing theory result in systematic variations in observed life cycle of the firm in the Tunisian and French context. The authors test this hypothesis by assessing the impact of the ownership structure and life cycle on the market timing Theory using data of 24 Tunisian firms listed on the stock exchange and 100 French firms listed in Paris trading.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effects of innovative low-cost strategy and competitive intensity on performance of restaurants in Ghana. Specifically, the study investigates the performance of the restaurants through the combined effects of innovation low- Cost Strategy and Competitive intensity.
The purpose of this paper is to measure the entrepreneurial characteristics of university students and compare these characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups in the Indian context.
Although fostering creativity and innovation has been investigated to be a driver of numerous benefits, it's negative consequences (i.e. unethical behaviors) have received little attention. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of climate for creativity and innovativeness (CCI) in linking personal unethical sales behavior to sales performance, and to explore how CCI, task characteristics (e.g. difficulty, clarity and performance pressure) and psychological states ( mindfulness, self-justification) contribute to unethical sales behaviors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between co-creation and customer satisfaction in the banking sector. The study examines the impact of co- creation on customer satisfaction.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effects of factors affecting the fulfillment of open innovation in companies based in science and technology parks (STPs) in Yazd in Iran, considering the importance of applying open innovation strategies (external technology acquisition and external technology exploitation) in the context of an innovative culture and then examine the impact of the amount of the open innovation on organizational performance.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the Internet of Things (IoT) on social innovation (SIs) in Japan. The IoT has been instrumental in the promotion of innovation, improving the exchange of ideas and the development of knowledge management systems. It is a disruptive innovation that is altering the way in which information and knowledge is managed within organizations to foster knowledge flows, open flow of knowledge and knowledge management system.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. Specifically, this study aims to investigate the effects of training on microenterprise ownership and performance.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the effects of factors affecting the technology acceptance and use behaviours of women entrepreneurs on women's entrepreneurship motivation factors (WEM).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the antecedents of entrepreneurial intentions amongst business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana, using theory of planned behaviour (TPB) control.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate that how narcissism construct moderating effect between CEO and the entrepreneurial orientation (EO) in small firms i.e. registered private schools in different cities of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to establish an interconnection between marketing and entrepreneurship, particularly from the perspective of micro, small and medium scale enterprises (MSMEs) in emerging markets (EMs). It is hypothesized that the level of market orientation of a firm determines the degree of entrepreneurial behaviour. Further, development of prudent marketing policies remains the pivot for true entrepreneurial success.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the factors that affect the brand image and consumer satisfaction towards the Islamic travel package in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the challenges encountered by the Tibetan entrepreneurs in obtaining credit and financial growth in Karnataka state. The study focuses on the evaluation and exploring the probable and suitable financial resources to prospective entrepreneurs residing in the vicinity of the state considered for the research.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how Google search influence the entrepreneur on both sides, such as the number of firms and an amount of capital. This is a standard reference for not only academic researchers but also policymakers when promulgating any policies regarding entrepreneurial movements.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the factors affecting the performance of Indonesian special food small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in entrepreneurial orientation in Batu Batu, East Java.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the mechanisms through which network reliance (NR) by rural farmer- entrepreneurs influences entrepreneurial performance (PERF). It is proposed that entrepreneurs who depend highly on their networks are more likely to acquire knowledge, which helps them improve upon their PERF. The study also extends the existing literature by looking at the mediation and moderation factors that interacts with NR, emotional intelligence (EI) and knowledge acquisition (KA) to influence entrepreneurial performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of innovation capabilities on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. The study also examines the role of service innovation in the attainment of service success.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between green purchase awareness and green purchase behavior (GRPB) and examine the mediating role of environmental concern as a mediator in this relationship. The study has two main objectives that are to ascertain the relationship of green awareness and GRPB and to examine whether environmental concern mediates the relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of entrepreneurial competencies on micro-enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a validated measure of individual social entrepreneurship orientation (IEO) in social entrepreneurship (S-ENT) context (hereafter mentioned as ISEO).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior and the mediating role of psychological capital in this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the simultaneous impact of individual and team-based entrepreneurship to bring innovation within small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the context of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the importance of corporate entrepreneurship in our ever-industrializing world and the relationships between the strategic approaches and internal innovation performance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore Accelerators and their practices in sustaining start-ups within their innovative programs. And with an ever-increasing demand for Accelerators amongst start-up companies, this study will demonstrate the importance of Accelerators in new venture creation.
In today's dynamic and multifaceted business environment, it is very imperative to enhance the performance of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) so that they can offer a more innovative product and service that can compete with its global competitor. However, the question is how MSMEs can identify which factor is important for developing their capability to innovate. The purpose of this paper is to prioritize the enablers of innovation capability (IC) in the MSME sector of India and to provide the future scope related to this area, which will help scholars, entrepreneurs and policymakers.
The purpose of this paper is to present an initial analysis of the nature of crowdfunding in China. This study has sought to understand the institutional environment of crowdfunding industry in China, given it is largely unregulated, given regulatory frameworks, uncover patterns of development, profiling crowdfunding platforms and profiling the regulatory landscape.
The purpose of this paper is to test the approach of life cycle management (LCM) to attribute to environmental damage an economic value both at company and supply chain level and, for this purpose, have been used jointly the life cycle assessment (LCA) and life cycle costing (LCC).
The purpose of this paper is to empirically explore important variables that are directly and indirectly related to inducing the investments of Korean diaspora entrepreneurs to the homeland. It also seeks to examine the relationships among those above-mentioned variables to inquire upon a set of critical questions pertaining to Korean diAspora entrepreneurs' investment in the homeland including the effectiveness of the World Korean Business Convention (WKBC) and theWorld Korean Business Network (WkBN) using data gathered from participants of the WKBC.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of proactive personality, entrepreneurial self-efficacy and perceived university support factors on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of entrepreneurial orientation (creativity and innovativeness, risk taking propensity, proactiveness and autonomy) on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a model for assessing the effects of personality traits on entrepreneurial intentions (EI) in perspective of theory of planned behavior (TPB) in the context of a developing country.
The purpose of this paper is to find out how the proactiveness, innovativeness and risk-taking propensity of entrepreneurial orientation influence both financial and nonfinancial business performance through multivariate regression analysis. The authors also tried to examine the moderating effect of entrepreneurship education on the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and business performance.
The purpose of this paper is to explore avenue where suppliers/manufacturers are aligned with health-care providers to take advantage of supplier relationship management (SRM) principles. A successful SRM, however, is not feasible without a clear understanding of supply chain finance (SCF). Financial breakdown during the Great Recession of 2008-2010 taught an important lesson that SCF is one of the critical components in sustainable supply chain operations. This paper is organized as follows: brief literature review is given in Section 2 which is followed by framework for implementation of SRM in healthcare area.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the factors that differentiate successful spinoff entrepreneurs from non-spinoff entrepreneurs in Japan's entrepreneurial ecosystem. The authors focus on the role of the entrepreneur's prior experience in the context of spinoffs.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the efficiency of non-profit organizations (NPOs) using data envelopment analysis (DEA) and other analytical methodologies to respond to the challenges of evaluating efficiency.
The purpose of this paper is to present an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company based on the Hermeneutics approach.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relevance of a number of factors emphasized in the literature as inducing the capacity of entrepreneurs to identify and exploit commercial opportunities within the context of ASEAN-5 countries. In addition, the presented work aimed at identifying the most significant variables in this framework in relation to the entrepreneurship capability (EC) environment of these countries via empirical analyses.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. Specifically, this study aims to investigate the relationship between economic vulnerability and entrepreneurial competency among Malaysian households.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance of small- and medium-scale enterprises (SMEs) in Ghana.
The purpose of this paper is to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of social business enterprises (SBEs) and to analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one.
The purpose of this paper is to study the government venture capital (VC) policies in Japan that have recently become a fast-growing source of financing for new technology-based firms (NTBFs). It discusses in detail what Japanese policymakers should know about government VCs and how they should effectively draft, amend and implement policies on government VC policies.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce the concept of locus of legitimacy and propose a framework that may explain how social enterprises choose different types of resource acquisition strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to empirically analyze the relationships between corporate R&D capability and corporate technology innovation, and the variables essential for technology innovation.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between strategic planning and performance of small- and medium-scale enterprises (SMEs) in Ghana and the moderating effect of market dynamism on this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to examine various network relationships formed after the Business Clinic Day (BCD) program in the regional business ecosystem and to propose the new role of universities for the change of a network structure.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of decent working conditions on work-life balance of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) employees in Bangladesh. The study aims to investigate whether decent work conditions contribute to work- life balance in the context of Bangladesh.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the status and conditions of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island, Philippines. Specifically, it aimed to describe the organizational variables of SMEs and assess their conditions in terms of membership/ownership structure; leadership; policies, systems and procedures; resource mobilization; linkages and networking; communication systems; and awards and recognition.
The purpose of this paper is to describe a concept about how blockchain- and distributed-ledger-principles can be used for securing a sensor network with a lightweight protocol. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor. It is based on principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of the concept of blockchain technology and its potential to change the world of banking through facilitating global money remittance, smart contracts, automated banking ledgers and digital assets.
The purpose of this paper is to build a P2P trading platform for household residents who want to buy and sell electric power. Household residents bid and ask with each other on the platform. The platform discloses buyer-sell price information to participants and supports the power trading through smart contracts. In other words, the basic operating process of the platform is designed to automate the transaction process.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of institutional support on women's entrepreneurial self-efficacy, and the indirect positive effects on entrepreneurial success. The authors examine the institutional antecedents of female entrepreneurs' self-efficiency and the social cognitive pathways through which institutions affect their entrepreneurial outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether auditor change occurs following financial restatements; and, as the severity of a restatement increases, does the restated financial statement in the year following the auditor change also increase?
The purpose of this paper is to examine the antecedents of perceived value in the context of the sharing economy, specifically Airbnb.
- The purpose of this paper is to investigate the importance of corporate and institutional entrepreneurship through analyzing the K Tire's first adaptation of Radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology among the world tire manufactures.
The purpose of this paper is to determine what factors of entrepreneurship promote the entrepreneurial intention of ICT majors in Busan area. Also, an empirical analysis was performed by deducing the factors that need to be considered to activate entrepreneurial intention in the universities.
The Internet of Things (IoT) industry is becoming an important part of the infrastructure for building the ecosystem of the future industry. Korean small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the IoT industry are facing serious challenges as to making a strategic choice of whether to keep the status quo or transform for growth. However, little research is finding that investigates IoT attributes and linking them to innovation paths for IoT-SME. Therefore, this study intends to analyze the conceptual definition and attributes of IoT industry and present policy implications through an exploratory study of Innovative Korean IoT-sMEs that have secured the growth base by linking these attributes.
The purpose of this paper is to understand influential factors of IPTV service defection through the weblog analysis of 3,906 service users, who represented both service defectors and non-defectors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of emotional labor on work engagement and boundary spanner creativity, and the moderating role of emotional exhaustion on the relationship between emotional labor and boundary spanners' work engagement.
- The purpose of this paper is to present a path model that would provide useful structure for managers developing brand concept management and researchers studying brand equity. The present study explores the relationships between emotional attachment, commitment and brand equity with an emphasis on understanding the linking role played by brand concept.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the challenges and factors influencing initial trust and behavioral intention to use mobile banking services in the Philippines. This study focuses on analyzing the direct effects of antecedents of trust, the mediating effect of initial trust, and the moderating effects of demographic variables on non-adopters' behavioral intention.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the strategic challenges of outsourcing innovation in global market. The purpose of the study is to answer the following question: in the case that a firm located its innovation in a highly heterogeneous foreign market, if high transaction costs are caused by the distance and discretion of its innovation, should the firm outsource its innovation function to the third party of the host country?
The purpose of this paper is to conduct an initial analysis of the dynamics, effectiveness and benefits of entrepreneurship education (EE) at selected secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand.
The purpose of this paper is to present an attempt to measure nation image analyzing utterances for nations using unstructured data and compare them with traditional offline surveys.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationships between golf range users' participation motivation, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention.
The purpose of this paper is to understand whether innovation competence can be instrumental in defining the firm level competitiveness. The unit of analysis for the study is the agro-food processing firms in the state of J&K (J&K) in India.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze young entrepreneurs' characteristics and some factors affecting entrepreneurs' intention on agricultural sector of Indonesia.
The purpose of this paper is to introduce integrated marketing communications (IMC) theory to further management innovation and establishment of mutually beneficial nonprofit organization (MBNPO) and improve management performance.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between female participation in top management team (TMT) and the growth performance of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) within the context of China particularly, to investigate the moderating effects of education level of female top managers in this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent of the income-generating projects (IGPs) of the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP) in terms of their length of operations, number of staff and the average number of clients served.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention (SEI) based on the social cognitive career theory (SCCT).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of business process reengineering (BPR) and information strategic planning (ISP) on enterprise resource planning (ERP) performance in small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) of Korea. In addition, this study examines the relationship between BPR and ISP and levels of ERP customization.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a cross-cultural comparison of the boycott intentions of university students in Canada and Korea with a focus on the difference regarding boycott attitudes, boycott motivations and ethnocentrism. The boycott case examined in this paper against Maclean's magazine is a practical case study of ethnic grouping and segregation as well as perceptional difference which comes from cross-culture backgrounds.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, relying on quantitative meta-analysis, what factors determine the adoption of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology around the world.
The purpose of this paper is to compare the features with respect to firm size distribution shown in two industrial firms around the manufacturing and service activities in Korea. Traditionally, firm size distributions are known to be log-normal distribution or Pareto distribution. However, when viewing the recent empirical analysis through a broader range of data relating to the firm size, firm sizes are reported to be out of the log- normal distribution. The correct identification of firm size Distribution is an important starting point in a company's strategy and corporate policy.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the strategies and success factors of haitao (Hai Tao) business in the Chinese market.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the conditions under which discount rates are valued over limited quantity and vice versa, for limited-quantity flash sales with limited supply.
The purpose of this paper is to develop an appropriate new product development (NPD) process that fits the current status of a medium-sized radio-frequency (RF) business firm by analyzing the existing NPD process and failure cases.
The purpose of this paper is to identify those specific decision-making factors an entrepreneur considers prior to establishing a new venture. The objective is to establish a holistic and common understanding of the cognitive antecedents present in the entrepreneurial mind-set, which are used to identify, define and respond to market-related needs/problems in unique and novel ways.
The purpose of this paper is to verify how purchase intention changes in proportion to the product type and the entry of large competitors and further measure the impacts of such mediator variables as technological uncertainty and market uncertainty on purchase intention of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the systematic and hierarchical relationships among firms' strategic orientations, firm innovativeness (INNO) and performance with large Korean companies.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method for precise vehicle localization using feature matching of pavement images to obtain precise vehicle position and trajectory data.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a feasible lane-change path planning and tracking controller for self-driving articulated trucks on highways to ensure safe lane-changing behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a quasi-moving block speed guidance (QMBSG) model to guide the vehicles passing through the intersection by introducing the moving block section theory to alleviate the congestion at intersections. The proposed model considers comprehensively the balance between mobility and safety.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the schedule adherence based on dynamic signal control and speed guidance in connected bus system by considering multiple road sections and intersections.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics by using the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set.
The purpose of this paper is to explore micro-level driving behavior using short-range communication (DSRC) data collected from vehicles. The key question to be answered is what sampling rates are appropriate to capture micro-driving behavior without losing much information (i.e. by undersampling).
Adverse weather conditions cause serious harm to road traffic safety, especially under low-visibility conditions related to fog. Facing the severe security situation, fine classification of road traffic visibility is of vital importance to establish more accurate control measures and to ensure road Traffic Safety under low visibility condition. The purpose of this paper is to explore the fine classification for road traffic traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the drivers' acceptance of the on-road dynamic message sign (DMS) and on-board human-machine interface (HMI) for connected vehicle-based variable speed limit (CV-VSL) system in fog area.
The purpose of this paper is to provide a summary of the pre-deployment efforts of the Wyoming Department of Transportation (WYDOT) connected vehicle (CV) pilot deployment program. The paper aims to discuss the performance evaluation framework of the WYDOT Connected Vehicle Deployment Program and the lessons learned from Phase 2 of the program.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the changes of female drivers' electrocardiograph (ECG) signal in time, frequency and domain indicators in anger and calm states within the context of connected vehicles.
When perceptive sensor failure occurs during the automated driving procedure, it is necessary for human drivers or an automated driving system (ADS) to perform fallback behavior, which is to operate the automated vehicle as well as achieve a minimal risk condition. The purpose of this paper is to develop an adaptive model predictive approach for automated vehicle control in fallback procedure based on virtual vehicle scheme.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the correlation of critical driving risk in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term based on connected vehicle basic safety messages (BSMs) messages.
The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a surface electromyography (sEMG)-based steering assistance interface that relies on the biceps brachii muscles of the driver to produce rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation for low speed, nonemergency driving tasks.
The purpose of this paper is to design the system framework of hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment, which can effectively reduce the risk and provide reference for the emergency management of relevant departments and shippers.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a traffic density extraction method under the vehicular ad hoc network (VANET) environment. This method represents a novel approach to extracting the density of vehicle level, lane level and network level, which overcome the disadvantages of the traditional methods.
The purpose of this paper is to comprehensively figure out different types of features in lane-change (LC) maneuvers and select the most contributive features over various LC scenarios. The aim is to propose a feature selection method for predicting driver LC behavior.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of automated driving on the driver's own localization in a driving simulator study.
The purpose of this paper is to establish a model that can accurately identify a driver's braking intention in real time based on cerebral cortex activity data.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a method for analyzing drivers' characteristic driving operations characteristics based on combined features and feature co-occurrence analysis, using AdaBoost.
Traffic accidents are a major public-safety problem in developing countries such as China, which cause enormous economic losses and can even destroy families. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment.
The purpose of this paper is to present a novel lane change control system for autonomous electric vehicle (A-IWM EV), which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and energy efficiency of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure.
The advancement of computer technology in recent years has allowed researchers to develop efficient optimization techniques for solving large-scale problems in various fields and helped practitioners to incorporate some of these techniques into their planning activities through specific integrated decision support systems. The purpose of this paper is to discuss three applications of intelligent computing in vehicular networks and their performance and effect is better.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the decision-making problem of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow. The authors propose a Markov probabilistic decision making (MBDM) approach to solve the problem of decision making in a dynamic traffic environment.
The purpose of this paper is to propose a cooperative cellular automata model (CCAM) based on the ICA model developed by Meng and Weng (2011) to smooth the work zone traffic flow dynamics in the presence of connected automated vehicles (CAVs).
The purpose of this paper is to present the development of test scenarios, surrogate bicyclist and associated hardware and software tools for the evaluation of bicyclist automatic emergency braking (AEB) systems for the performance testing.
The purpose of this paper is to propose an accelerated testing method for automated vehicles (AVs) safety evaluation in cut-in scenarios based on improved importance sampling (IS) techniques.
The purpose of this paper is to explore postdoctoral scholars' perceptions of a university teaching certificate program that provides professional development in teaching and learning skills and confidence. The program was designed to provide participants with the opportunity to focus their professional learning according to their teaching background, interests and desired outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) tool and its functionalities, emphasising the added value for investors and further stakeholders in the real estate sector. The tool provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio").
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the value effects of deep energy retrofits on the property market. The authors seek answers to various important questions: How do energy efficiency gains affect the value and valuation of properties? To what extent will future policy measures affect current property prices? How does a deep retrofit with energy efficiency improvement add value to a property? What is the magnitude of these value effects?
The purpose of this paper is to explore how the Australian property industry is responding to climate change and the information needs of property institutional owners, occupiers and users of their assets.
The purpose of this paper is to shed light on the value-influencing mechanism of on-site energy production and its effect on property values and verify it from the perspective of professional property investors in commercial properties.
This paper aims to develop a flexible forecasting tool for the automatic assessment of both environmental and economic benefits resulting from low-carbon investments in the real estate sector, especially when applied to building portfolios. A set of four artificial neural networks (NNs) is created to provide a fast and reliable estimate of the energy consumption in buildings due to heating, daily hot water, cooling and electric equipment, depending on some specific buildings' characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property in Europe, and by so doing, to determine whether stronger policies are required to realise decarbonisation in existing residential property.
The purpose of this paper is to quantify and measure the dynamic effects of energy performance certificates (EPCs) on house prices across the price spectrum, as well as improving the understanding of the potential contribution of EPCs in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements, which enable householders to optimise energy efficiency within financial frameworks.
The purpose of this paper is to consider Australian courts' views on climate change by concentrating on the issue of concerns arising from water risks in coastal areas from future inundation as a result of sea-level rise or increased precipitation. This research focuses on the east coast of Australia, examining decisions of the courts and tribunals from Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the future of sustainable real estate investments in a post-COVID-19 world. What lessons can we learn from the Covid-19 pandemic? What will be the new "normal"?
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the adaptation strategies by paddy-growing farmers to mitigate the climate crisis in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether smallholder farmers' perceptions of climate variability are supported by climatological evidence in a semi-arid region in South Africa.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of climate change on water resources in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. The paper aims to focus on a community-based adaptation to water insecurity in the context of the climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effects of farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures on agricultural output in the Loess Plateau in China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between climate change and the grassland ecosystem service value (ESV) in Qinghai province, China.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse changing trends in extreme rainfall extremes over the Mekong Delta under the impacts of climate change using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator.
China's national carbon market is expected to become the world's largest carbon market and is critical for achieving China's domestic climate-change mitigation goals. But China's program is likely to face significant challenges, because of its complexity and large scale. While some of these challenges - such as emissions accounting, allowance allocation and market volatility - are common to emissions trading systems around the world, others are unique to China, particularly in the arid and semi-arid regions of China. One of the most important challenges is the impact of the construction of China's nationalcarbon market on the social and economic development of the regions. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to predict the carbon price trend under different economic development and energy consumption levels, so as to be able to formulate various countermeasures in advance, turn crisis into opportunity and minimize the negative impact of carbon trading policies on arid or semi-ARid regions.
The purpose of this paper is to compare greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across three livestock production systems in Eastern and Northern Ethiopia through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the economy-wide impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the climate-resilient green economy (CRGE) strategy in Ethiopia.
The purpose of this paper is to establish rainfall IDF curves based on historical rainfall data series in 44 years (1975-2018) for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula, Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the impact of product differentiation and emission reduction policies on the production and CO2 emission reduction of the steel industry in China.
Increasing climate change is likely to hinder the steady and rapid development of the world economy. Therefore, one of the key aspects of climate change governance is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of atmospheric nitrogen (N) deposition on the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions. The paper also investigates the effect of N deposition in the soil on the growth history of clones.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of climate change on agricultural production in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam using a modeling approach.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the dynamic behavior of the relationship between carbon emissions and the industrial production index (IPI) in the short and long term. In this context, the scaling exponents and the singularity spectrum are obtained to determine the origins of this multifractality. When the frequency structures in the series are considered, the multifractal detrended cross-correlation approach is applied for analyzing the relationship of the two data at different frequencies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of drought shock and risk-taking networks on the adoption of modern irrigation technology by farmers in the context of Zhangye, Gansu, PRC.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the relationship between logistics performance and carbon emissions of 11 Balkan countries.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the determinants of adaptation strategies to climate change among the smallholder farmers in Adama District, Ethiopia.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the under-developed countries of South Asia. The study is based on a cross-sectional survey conducted in the semi-urban areas of Pakistan, Bangladesh and India.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the spatial and temporal changes of vegetation phenology and their correlation with climate change in the Loess Plateau.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the adaptation strategies used by farmers to cope with climate change and its impacts in the Lijiang prefecture in Southwest China. It also aims to explore the factors that influence farmers' adaptation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to test the environmental effects of climate financial fragmentation empirically, aiming to clarify the as yet inconclusive theoretical findings on the impact of fragmentation. Further, this study contributes to the understanding of the role of cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions in climate finance, which has been rarely investigated in prior research.
The purpose of this paper is to review the existing studies on socioeconomic determinant factors of climate change adaptation (CCA) by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) and to identify the current research gaps and suggest areas for future investigation.
The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of different energy plus non-energy-related direct and indirect inter-sectoral carbon linkages of the Indian economy.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the effectiveness of current policy instruments used in Brazil to promote renewable energy sources and solar, in particular, with a view to proposing future instruments to boost the high potential of solar power in the country. The Brazilian power sector is selected as the case study because it presents the following challenges: an expected significant increase in electricity demand, increasing number of protests at new hydropower plant for environmental reasons and the great success of the performance of some current public policy instruments, such as auctions. It is argued there are conditions to greatly expand the share of solar in the BrazilianPower sector, and this paper discusses proposals on policy instruments to reach that potential.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the evolution characteristics and convergence modes of carbon productivity across Shanghai's 29 manufacturing subsectors.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the social representation of climate change (SRCC) in a context of exposure to coastal risks in the Caribbean Sea.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) in OECD countries. This study examines the impact of foreign finance on CO2 emissions and the role of economic growth in this relationship.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of climate-related and geophysical natural disasters on foreign direct investment (FDI) in developing countries. The authors ask the question: is there a pattern that shows FDI increasing as a result of natural disasters? When controlling for other commonly accepted determinants of FDI, such as the growth rate of income, quality of institutions and natural resource abundance, do we see a change in post-disaster FDI and does the disaster reaction differ in the short and the long run?
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the short- and long-run impacts of climate change on the agricultural output in China.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the local knowledge-based perceptions on climate change and its impacts in the Rakaposhi valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an analysis of determinants of adoption of climate-smart agricultural technologies (CSATs) and adoption effects on non-rural rice growers (NRI) in Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of climate change on cereal crops production in Pakistan. The paper aims to examine the impact of climatic factors on wheat production in the country.
The purpose of this paper is to highlight how adoption and scaling of proven climate-smart agricultural innovations in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) can benefit from enhancing the role played by strengthening local institutions (LI) and indigenous knowledge (IK) systems toward complementing formal knowledge systems with IK systems in climate change adaptation work.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the impacts of a changing climate on the livelihoods of forest-dependent communities proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya.
The purpose of this paper is to draw on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting community risk assessment (CRA) of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. CRA is critical for informing climate change adaptation planning.
Adaptation to climate change and variability is regarded as an intrinsic part of households' overall risk management strategies in rural reality. The purpose of this paper is to conduct a systematic analysis on what factors influence households' adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate demographic characteristics and social networks that may influence the household capacity to prepare, recover and adapt or change their source of income or livelihood if needed when faced with prolonged droughts or erratic rainfall events in Mbale municipality in Eastern Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness of 31 provinces and regions in China.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether aging and off-farm employment will affect farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. In addition, the authors want to determine whether technology cognition plays a mediating role in the impact of aging andOff-farm Employment on farmers' technology adoption behavior, and also whether social network plays a moderating role.
The purpose of this paper is to provide some grounded analysis on how transformations in technology use and practice can occur and show how it is possible to take advantage of the presence of substantial distortions in many policy and market arenas to leverage technology and craft policy bargains which facilitate Pareto superior reforms, i.e. reforms in which no party is worse off and at least one party is better off.
Conservation agriculture-based wheat production system (CAW), based on the principle of minimum soil disturbance, continuous ground cover and appropriate crop rotation, provides an alternative to the conventional system to enhance the resilience of agriculture to climate variability through better adaptation to climate change. The purpose of this paper is to understand whether farmers who experienced that CAW performed better under climate extremes during the 2015 wheat season, learned from their experience and increased the land area dedicated to CAW the following year.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the level of vulnerability to climate change in Can Tho, Vietnam's fourth largest city, by a set of indicators.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of the 2015 El Nino on maize production in three municipalities in the transitional ecological zone of Ghana. Maize is widely produced by smallholder farmers and serves as the main staple food for most households and livestock in Ghana (Asantewah, 2003; Braimoh and Vlek, 2006). However, because it is mostly cultivated under rain-fed conditions, it becomes vulnerable to extreme climate events like the El Ninos. The study is relevant in understanding how ENSO impacts agriculture: an enterprise that could move the country closer to eliminating hunger and meeting goal one of the Sustainable Development Goals.
The purpose of this paper is to apply adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference systems (ANFIS), artificial neural network (ANN) and fuzzy time series models to predict the carbon dioxide (CO2) emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase for the years 2010-2060.
Rangelands are the dominant land use in southern Tunisia under arid and desert climates. These lands, however, have suffered decades of severe degradation due to profound socioeconomic changes, expressed in the emergence of agro-pastoral societies in place of the former pastoral ones. Traditional grazing systems of transhumance and nomadism, which had historically allowed for grazing deferment and control of grazing livestock, have been abandoned. Almost all rangelands in arid areas of Tunisia (with a mean annual rainfall of less than 200 mm) are now grazed continuously without any restriction on stocking rate. Such changes have led to rangeland deterioration. The degradation of soils and the loss of perennial palatable species, mainly grasses, are two direct results of the increasing anthropic pressure on arid rangellands in Tunisia. The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands in response to climate change. The authors use ecological niche models (ENMs) to assess the potential impact of climatic changes on the establishment and distribution of shrub species in West Asia.
The purpose of this paper is to study the genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam.
Wheat is the most important food security crop at the global level with a production of 750 million tons (MT) on about 220 million hectares (Mha) in 2017. Sub-Sahara Africa (SSA) produced a total of 7.5 MT on a total area of 2.9 Mha accounting for 40 and 1.4 per cent of the wheat production in Africa and at global levels, respectively. The purpose of this paper is to examine the challenges and opportunities of wheat production and breeding in SSA in the face of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between the adoption of agroforestry practices and climate change mitigation strategies in the North West province of South Africa. The study was conducted to ascertain the extent to which farmers in the study area are aware of climate change, yet they fail to adopt mitigation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to present indigenous knowledge-based climate governance (IKS climate governance) as the best alternative for rural communities because they are not directly involved in the governance structure that was presented by Dodman and Mitlin (2015) in Zimbabwe.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between gender, social capital and adaptive capacity to climate variability among pastoralists in arid and semi-arid regions of Kenya.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the influence of the use of indigenous forecasts (IFs) and scientific forecasts (SFs) on pastoralists' adaptation to climate change in Rwenzori region, Western Uganda.
The purpose of this paper is to estimate in Mexico the regional impact of an increase of 1.5degC in mean global temperature on soil moisture regimes and to analyze the implications for the different ecosystems of the country.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the spatial-temporal variations in the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and the response of vegetation to climate change in the Yellow River basin, China, from 1982 to 2012.
The purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual proposal for the rational use of the abundant solar irradiation resources of the semi-arid climates of the world for their sustained socioeconomic development. The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of photovoltaic (PV) energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of crop diversification (CD) as a climate change adaptation strategy on farm households' welfare in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. It also examines whether there is synergy or trade-offs between CD and climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss regional legislation to address climate change in China through exploring the following two questions: first, whether it is necessary to enact climate change legislation at the regional level first, and second, if it is possible to enact regional legislation first. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze perceptions of climate change effects among owners and managers of tourist accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) in the Muga River basin (Girona, Spain) and determine what countermeasures they have taken or are planning on taking to mitigate potential effects.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the productivity and production risk effects of adopting drought-tolerant maize varieties (DTMVs) in Zambia. Drought risk, in particular, is a major concern since it has serious and complex economic, social and environmental implications for rural communities.
Flooding has become one of the leading disasters worldwide and is predicted to increase in frequency over the coming years as a result of climate change and other human-induced activities. The purpose of this paper is to examine the perception of flood risk and health impact of exposure to flooding among households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa.
The purpose of this paper is to link scientific knowledge to policy by proposing a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is defined and discussed below. The authors apply it to study the Paris Agreement (PA).
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which climate smart sorghum varieties are being adopted and then dis-adopted by farmers in Tanzania. The question addressed in this study is: In the light of the prominence of wide spread dissemination of improved sorghUM varieties in Tanzania, are some varieties being adopted, and if yes, what does the adoption and subsequent dis- adoption of such varieties tell us about the sustainability of sorghums production in Tanzania and the resulting lessons for sorghumm breeders, policy makers and farmers?
The purpose of this paper is to disentangle the specific group of crop switching decisions that are primarily motivated by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influence these decisions.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an in-depth empirical analysis of the institutional and organizational capabilities for climate change adaptation in the public sectors in the least developed countries (LDCs). The authors address critical questions about whether and how LDCs can absorb more donor funding and about the risks and returns involved.
The purpose of this paper is to assess climate change and vulnerability perceptions in the South African rural community of Ga-Dikgale. The study explored the community's perceptions of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influencing factors of carbon emissions in China based on the projection pursuit model and the Markov transfer matrix.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the economic impacts of climate change on crop farming in Bangladesh. The study examines the impact of temperature and rainfall changes on crop production, net farm incomes and farmland values.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the vulnerability to climate change and variability for female-headed and male-headed farming households in the northern region of Ghana. The authors postulate that there is a significant difference in the vulnerability levels of male- headed and female- headed households.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving local measures for adapting to climate change. The paper seeks to present practical and research-based guidelines for the management of such networks.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing and interpreting climate change issues and integrating them into a managerial decision-making process. The authors also investigate differences in corporate attitude toward the Korean emissions trading scheme (ETS) regulation and carbon management practices. Finally, the authors examine how climate-enterprise proactivity leads to operational performance and market and emission reductions in the context of South Korea.
The purpose of this paper is threefold. First, the current environmental conditions for viticulture production in Poland are presented. Second, the state of the art of winegrowing in Poland is characterised. Finally, based on primary data applied to an econometric model, climate change factors which could influence the operations and cost-effectiveness of vineyards in the short and medium term are described.
The degradation of mangrove forests is a growing problem in various mangroves worldwide. The purpose of this paper is to assess the vulnerability of a tropical coastal protected area to erosion using GIS models in the context of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to systematically address the occurrence of extreme temperature events in hazard-scenario analysis of Hulunbuir, China. The objectives of this study are: to identify extreme high-temperature events during the past 56 years; to model the hazard of extreme high temperatures; and to consider the possible impact factors of extreme temperatures.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the scientific basis of the Paris climate agreement (OPC21) based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the relationship between board characteristics and the extent of carbon emission disclosures by Turkish non-financial entities listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how climatic change (as measured by rising temperatures) has affected human mortality in 23 developed countries for the period from 1970 to 2010. The authors argue that the best estimation of the health effects of temperature change comes from modeling the past relationship between temperature and mortality, across countries, for a relatively long period of time.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the conversion between seven types of land uses within three-time periods, namely, 1986, 2001 and 2014, at interval, category and transition levels of intensity analysis. It assessed the historical trends of land use change or conversion by farmers and the major drivers that will influence their decisions for conversions in the future.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of climate change on natural recharge in an arid environment. The main aim of this study is to evaluate how climate change should change groundwater recharge in the coming decades.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the impacts of climate change on the economic development of Bangladesh. As one of the least developed Southeast Asian countries, Bangladesh is among the top ten nations most vulnerable to climate change. The adverse effects of climate variability have already worsened the overall economic development. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to examine efforts that have been made by stakeholders in Cameroon to promote synergy between climate change mitigation and adaptation and prescribed recommendations for improvement.
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the potential of strategic environmental assessment (SEA) to enhance disaster risk reduction (DRR) strategies for the coastal zone of Bangladesh by integrating climate change adaptation (CCA) into policy and decision-making processes.
The purpose of this paper is to understand community vulnerability to climate change and variability at the local level in a coastal municipality in southern Mozambique with an aim to support policy intervention.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the robustness of geographical instruments, longitude and latitude, for temperature to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture because instrumental variables method makes it possible to assert the relationship between agriculture and climate change as a causal relationship rather than merely a correlation.
Adaptive capacity assessment is a significant component of vulnerability assessments because it aids the identification of resource-poor communities deserving priority consideration during the formulation of strategic responses to climate change and the allocation of resources and provisioning of assistance. It is also useful in that it assists the governing of adaptation actions by facilitating effective and timely implementation of planned response measures. The purpose of this paper is to map the adaptive capacities of Nkonkobe Local Municipality, Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, which is considered to be extremely vulnerable to climateChange because of limited livelihood options, poorly developed infrastructure, different forms of human insecurity and dependence on agriculture.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change (CC) on cocoa production in Nigeria. The authors propose a Ricardian valuation of the impacts of CC on Nigeria's cocoa production.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the general understanding and attitudes of rural residents in China regarding global warming and their willingness to pay higher prices to mitigate it.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze farmers' responses to climate change in the Brazilian Sertao, the most populous semi-arid region in the world. The paper analyzes the dynamics of climate variables in the last four decades, highlighting trends in average temperatures, precipitation and regional variabilities. Based on farm-level data of the Brazilian Agricultural Census 2006, the paper identifies the most vulnerable hotspots for climate change and how adaptive strategies may attenuate the impacts.
The purpose of this paper is to review various works in peer-reviewed articles and other forms of publication which have documented climate change in Uganda. It attempts to place into context a diversity of evidence on climate change over the past years, and thereby to call attention to pending issues that need exploring in order to adapt to and mitigate possible threats.
The purpose of this paper is to present a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of European Union (EU) and international climate policies, through a participatory process of experts' engagement.
The purpose of this paper is to present the current state and perspective of water management policy in terms of the impacts of climate change on the Velika Morava River in Serbia. The main drivers of water cycle changes are variations in temperature, precipitation and other climatic parameters in the river basin. Changes in these parameters are expected to have significant impacts on the hydrologic balance and will trigger future changes in water availability.
The Global protocol for community-scale greenhouse gas emission inventories (GPC) was published by the ICLEI, World Resources Institute (WRI) and C40 (a network of the world's megacities committed to addressing climate change both locally and globally) in 2014. The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) accounting for the city of Nanchang, China, based on the GPC framework.
The coastal areas of Uruguay are among the most exposed to wind-induced flooding and sea-level rise (SLR) in Latin America, with up to 10 per cent of its population directly exposed. The purpose of this paper is to show the implementation of ecosystem-based adaptation (EbA) measures to extreme weather events and flooding within an Integrated Coastal Management (ICM) framework in Kiyu, San Jose from 2013 to 2014.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impacts of a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering strategy on Caribbean coral reefs.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the extent to which the climate change adaptation projects listed under the National Adaptation Programme of Action (NAPA) in selected countries in West Africa have incorporated ecosystem services and their redesigning options.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of climate change (CC) on African indigenous vegetables (AIVs) production in Kenya. AIVs have been identified as an important component in providing food and nutrition security and compensating for nutrient deficiencies. This is especially important for a country like Kenya, which is characterised by rapidly increasing population and high poverty levels and multiple burdens of malnutrition and undernutrition.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how agricultural production and farmers' incomes are affected by on-going climate variability, and the adaptation strategies practiced by smallholder farmers in three drought-prone districts of West Hararghe, Oromia National Regional State of Ethiopia.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the perceptions of pastoralists regarding climate variability and its impact on their livestock system and diseases in the Borena lowland of Ethiopia.
The purpose of this paper is to present the results of a forest inventory and analysis in Gilgit-Baltistan (Gilgit, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Diamer districts of Pakistan, using Landsat satellite imagery and fieldwork. The paper aims to provide a baseline forest inventory for all Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate trends and perspectives for achieving sustainable development from society in relation to climate change in Colombia.
The purpose of this paper is to examine how to transform China's environmental impact assessment (EIA) procedures to accommodate consideration of climate change and what constraints might be for doing so. This is in line with the "mainstreaming" approach to build resilience to climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the main drivers of climate change vulnerability (CCV), adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The paper also aims to explore the extent to which climate change adaptation and climate change risk perceptions affect CCV and adaptation.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a statistical model to forecast domestic water demand in the context of climate change, population growth and technological development in the Yellow River basin.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the processes through which the extremely poor can accumulate assets and build resilience to the impacts of climate change. Further, it identifies how the extreme poor households' assets can be protected, and it explores how long-term resilience for the urban extreme poor can be built.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the factors that determine the probability and intensity of adoption of multiple climate-smart agricultural practices (CSAPs) in the Gangetic plains of Bihar, India.
The purpose of this paper is to characterize the velocity of cities' future climate shift - i.e. the speed and orientation of the geographical displacement over time - and explore its potential implications on urban dwellers and on the design of adaptation strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to explore institutions and options for institutional adaptation at the local level vis-a-vis sustainable water management in rural Zimbabwe using the case of Mbire District in the mid-Zambezi Valley area of Mashonaland Central Province.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to smallholder agroforestry (AF) systems through their potentials to sequester carbon (C) as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration.
The purpose of this paper is to determine farmers' perceptions on climate change and its stressors in Botswana; identify farmers' adaptation strategies to climate change; and determine factors that influence farmers' Adaptation to Climate Change (AC) practices.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how affective attachments to ideals of post-colonial sovereign independence played out during a single day in April 2014 that Pugh (2016b) spent with town planners - two that he interviewed and others that eventually joined them - in their offices in Castries, the capital of St Lucia (an Eastern Caribbean small island state which gained independence from the UK in 1979).
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ethical dilemmas related to the relocation of populations from Small Island Developing States at the highest risk of being submerged under the ocean.
The purpose of this paper is to disentangle climate-human interactions on oceanic islands because these commenced and to identify those special characteristics of island environments and societies that remain valid in today's globalized world and could be used to help make future interventions for climate change adaptation more effective and sustainable.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate through a series of case studies how extractivism has not only wrought havoc on small islands historically but that it is a practice that continues to occur to the present day. In particular, it intends to show that the negative impacts of extractivism are neither short-term nor limited to those islands. Rather, due to the nature of the resources now being extracted, these negative effects have increasingly global and long-term consequences, which in turn especially threaten the lives and livelihoods of those in the very communities from where the extracted resources originate.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ways in which characteristics commonly allied with "islandness", such as smallness, land boundedness, isolation and fragmentation, may limit the applicability of global and regional climate impact assessment methods to Small Island Developing States (SIDS), particularly atoll countries.
The purpose of this paper is to present findings from an innovative UNESCO-funded research project conducted between January and September 2013. The project "Sharing Perceptions of Adaptation, Resilience and Climate Knowledge" (SPARCK) used ground-breaking socio-technological methods to survey three key sectors (secondary school teachers, rural communities and media personnel) in the South Pacific.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the perspectives of artist-practitioners on the communication of climate change in the islands of the Pacific. The Pacific islands are particularly vulnerable to climate change, and there has been little practical guidance available on how to effectively communicate climate change specifically in ways that increase community resilience.
The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework for taking responsibility for the climate refugees in Bangladesh. Bangladesh has been severely affected by climate change in recent decades, and it represents centuries of deprivation as a result of colonization, imposed war, economic repression and fragile governance that are considered as the root causes of vulnerability. Climate change and associated incremental level of extreme climatic disasters are now being widely accepted as a threat for mankind. It is also acknowledged that communities in vulnerable regions are already facing limits in their capacity to adapt with those incremental climatic events.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of foreign direct investment (FDI) on carbon intensity in different countries with different levels of income.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the roles social protection can play in reducing and facilitating migration due to climate change. Based on conceptual arguments and empirical literature on climate-induced migration and social protection, this paper explores the potential benefits of social protection programmes to address climate- induced migration.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impacts of disasters and climate change on human mobility in the context of South America. Human mobility is defined as: involuntary internal and cross-border displacement of populations, voluntary internal andCross-border migration and planned and consented relocation.
The purpose of this paper is to gain an understanding of the current level of planning and oversight of migration and displacement associated with climate change in Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states (SIDS) and identify best practices in the effective management of climate-induced migration and displaced people.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of climate change on human migration and displacement in the context of the Republic of Serbia. The aim of this study is twofold: first, to identify the main causes of environmental displacement and migration and, second, to propose a framework for improving planning policy and increasing community resilience to climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the role of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change in rural India. The authors propose that migration is an important adaptation strategy for households to adapt to climate shocks.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the magnitude, duration, frequency and spatial extent of meteorological drought in the north east highlands of Ethiopia.
Global warming owing to an increase in greenhouse gases leads to climate change all around the earth. It is important to study the climate change effect on hydrologic cycle parameters, such as runoff, evapotranspiration (ETP), surface storage and soil moisture, to evaluate conditions of water resources, flood damage amount and hydrology balance. Considering the following factors, population growth, humans' need for food and water resources changes due toclimate change, it seems so significant to evaluate the climateChange effects on ETP. The purpose of this paper is to evaluate potential evapOTranspiration in future periods (2070-2100) in the west of Iran due to the effects of climate change.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which remittances have been used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana and the types/forms of investment often made from remittance by rural households and how such investments support climate change risk diversification.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate flooding vulnerability in relation to the spatial enlargement, particularly in new development areas close to Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
The purpose of this paper is to find out the application of Kafalah in Islamic banking in Malaysia generally. In addition, the research seeks to ascertain applicable rules governing the application and rules of Shariah governing the same.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of Islamic work ethics (IWE) in the Information and Communications Technology sector.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between economic growth and the development of the Sukuk market in Pakistan. It is a fact that banking sector is so important for economic development and growth. Recent financial crises show that current conventional banking system has some deficiencies. In this point, Islamic banking system which is thought to be an alternative model has entered to banking sector of many countries. The Sukuk Market represents the approval of the principles of Islamic Law (Sharif) in Islamic capital and money market where the market must be free of prohibited elements or activities in Islam. This paper aims to examine this issue.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the challenges of transforming education in the Arab world to prepare students to be effective and productive citizens and workers in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The purpose of this paper is to present an original option trading strategy based on the well-known auto regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) econometric model. It is applied to series of European call and put option contracts whose underlying asset is the S&P 500 Composite index.
The purpose of this paper is to review the articles published on strategic management accounting (SMA) and its techniques in the influential accounting journals since 2008 to date (November 2019) to revisit the relevance of studying SMA techniques from traditional Management Accounting Practices (MAPs).
The purpose of this paper is to examine empirically the conditional correlation between the major US indices (S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities as; Feeder Cattle, Leen Hogs and Live Cattle during the period from July 22, 2010 to June 30, 2017.
The purpose of this paper is to identify technical challenges that are hindering the wide-scale adoption of smart and connected health-care systems and discuss how big data and internet of things (IoT) technologies can accelerate the speed at which connected health care can be deployed and adopted by all health care stakeholders.
The purpose of this paper is to review, assess and propose a new integrated framework for improving fire safety in buildings based on current fire hazard challenges.
The purpose of this paper is to examine students' perception about the use of mobile phones in an educational setting in a higher education institution located in Jamaica. Students' user acceptance of mobile devices in the learning environment is even more critical for Caribbean and developing world institutions in the context of significant infrastructural, institutional, socio-economic and financial resource constraints. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia's financial institutions.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the effect of Aaker's brand equity dimensions, namely, brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products.
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the antecedents of perceived risks and trusts in the relationship between customer satisfaction and loyalty, and examine the moderating effect of gender in the proposed relationships. In addition, this study extensively examines the gender differences.
The purpose of this paper is to explore how small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the business-to-business (B2B) context perceive branding, and to evaluate how they currently manage branding communication channels and branding strategies.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the extent to which the external dimension of the Pan European Bologna Process (BP) has been realized, 20 years after its launch. The stated number one objective of the BP reform was to present and explain the European Higher Education Area (EHEA) to other world regions.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the use of concept mapping to visualise contested knowledge which may have been regarded as tacit knowledge: the values and perceptions of teachers that underpins their practice. Concept mapping has been used in numerous educational settings and is becoming a common feature in the higher education literature (Kinchin, 2014). Most of the studies that have been published to date have tended to concentrate on mapping curriculum knowledge (i.e. agreed knowledge).
The purpose of this paper is to assess the existing policy, legal and institutional framework of information and communication technology (ICT) in electronic banking to establish whether they are sufficient and effective enough to prevent and contain cybercrime in Tanzania.
The purpose of this paper is to explore Google Art and Culture, which is a digital collection of artwork, photographs, historical events, notable figures, prints and sculptures of thousands of resources from almost all the countries of the world. This platform gives users to explore world-renowned artifacts, archives, museums, archives and organizations that are in cooperation with Google Cultural Institute. It not only provides users with significant features like any user can zoom into their views into high-resolution images with specifications; can create their own collection; and is able to watch and watch videos.
The purpose of this paper is to present estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis.
Drawing on behavioural plasticity theory, the purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between abusive supervision and moral courage and the moderating role of moral efficacy. The study also examines how the interaction between both influences moral courage.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the joint effect of corruption, seigniorage and borrowing on inflation using a large panel data set of 72 countries.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the usage intention of Facebook users through the judgment of the uses and gratification (UGT) and with some mediation effects in the context of Facebook.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between the signaling variables (auditors' reputation, underwriters' reputation and ownership retention) and initial public offerings (IPOs) in the context of institutional characteristics (legal origin and corruption levels).
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between human resource management practices (HRMP), ethical climate (EC), performance appraisal (PA), organizational performance (OP) and the mediating role of ethical climate in the relationship of HRMP and OP in Nigerian educational sector.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the growth rate of intermetallic compound (IMC) at the interface of Cu/Ni and lead-free interface, and the Kirkendall void formation rate for the FCCSP package under reliability stress following automotive reliability criteria.
The purpose of this paper is to add a spectral perspective to the Saudi population projections of the Population Division of the United Nations (U.N.) used in Abusaaq's (2015) paper on Saudi Arabia's pyramid of ages.
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the importance of student evaluation of teaching and its impact on student response rate. The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between strategic improvisation (SI) and performance of higher education institutions (HEIs) and the moderating role of organizational culture on this relationship.
Three-dimensional printing (3DP) has the potentials to be a milestone in multi-material 3DP, customized design and structural applications. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) in a single structural form to get the benefit of combined properties of different materials. It was suggested that hybrid deposition manufacturing (HDM) process can fulfil the demand of high dimensional accuracy, less post-processing with improved surface properties.
The purpose of this paper is to review the theoretical and numerical results presented in (Amendola et al., 2016a, 2016b, 2016c; Fraternali et al, 2015a, 2015b, 2015c) on the mechanical response of layered pentamode lattices equipped with rigid and hinged connections, by studying the variation of such quantities with the lattice constant, the solid volume fraction, the cross-section area of the rods and the layer thickness.
The purpose of this paper is to present numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms, which are formed by discontinuous sets of tensile elements, which connect two sets of three compressed members.
 magnesium (Mg)-based composites are gaining a growing attention as a promising alternative for bio-inserts and bone fixation devices, because of their high biodegradability, superior biocompatibility and low elastic modulus nearing to that of the bone. However, their full potential use is not escalating and, often hindered because of the consequential drawbacks. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the physical-mechanical properties of Mg-3Si-HA composites, which have been fabricated using Spark plasma sintering (SPS).
The purpose of this paper is to study the dynamic properties of a 2-D periodic material in the representative unit cell (RUC).
This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems on masonry structures.
This paper aims to examine the effects of corporate social responsibility, social media marketing, store environment, perceived value and sales promotion on consumers' purchase decision with empirical data from department stores in Malaysia.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse a set of advanced economies and compare the way in which some factors considered to influence risk propensity are associated to this variable. Furthermore, in the wake of studies whose findings suggest that relative to general population, entrepreneurs possess a different set of characteristics (Camelo-Ordaz et al., 2016), the authors use two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs. The research question pertains to whether the propensity to risk is associated in the same manner to gender among entrepreneurs and non-Entrepreneurs, while controlling for other characteristics.
The purpose of this paper is to determine the association between the effects of market sentiment, liquidity, persistence and leverage in the dynamics of implied volatility (IV) during earnings announcement. This study investigates theoretically and empirically the change dynamics in IV around earnings announcements dates.
The purpose of this paper is to test the moderating role of organizational culture (OC) on the relationship between corporate entrepreneurship (CE) and business performance (BP) in the context of selected banks in Pakistan.
The purpose of this paper is to provide an examination of the corruption-environment link. It will quantify two distinct mechanisms through which corruption will influence pollution. The first mechanism of connection is the direct impact of corruption on environmental regulation and enforcement. The second one is "indirect" through economic growth. This is possible due to the link between economic growth and pollution described by many studies.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether there is a significant correlation between the corporate characteristics and capital structure such as size, profitability, liquidity and age.
The purpose of this paper is threefold: to affirm to a broad audience the exigent need to treat all in the human conversation with kindness, respect and dignity; to argue that the very purpose of formal education - from a US perspective - includes a sense of spongy inclusion; and to make the Prince Sultan University Research Review (PSURR) road while walking it and contribute some soil to the common ground of exchange and academic collaboration.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the implications for research, policy and practice of teaching English as a multilingual language in the multilingual classroom.
 Optical character recognition (OCR) is a technique that aims to automatically convert a machine-printed or handwritten text image into an editable text format. This technique is highly desirable in various real-world applications, such as digitising learning resources to assist visually impaired people, bank cheque processing and mail sorting. Although handwritten script is significantly more challenging than printed Arabic text for OCR, Arabic printed text OCR still poses significant challenges. To produce an efficient Arabic OCR system, effective performance evaluation of current OCR systems is essential. The purpose of this paper is to provide a better insight into the effectiveness of the state-of-the-art of Arabic printed Arabic O CRR systems with possible interpretations for future performance enhancement.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic (PV) technology from the public's perspective in Malaysia.
The evolution of digital systems has made it difficult to discuss cyberattacks across a variety of stakeholders. There is currently no universal language or model that is suitably able to cater for the needs of all stakeholders who may be affected by an attack. This means that stakeholders have to be technical and comprehend many other non-technical aspects of attacks or else misunderstandings across the stakeholders are likely to happen. The purpose of this paper is to outline commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model.
The purpose of this paper is to consider the fundamentals of the measure of influence on recommender systems. Recommender systems let users share their reviews about products, places, establishments or services. The social component has become an interesting aspect of recommender system because it allows an increase of popularity of a product or place. Such popularity comes as a consequence from the satisfaction of the consumers. For this reason, some businesses approach the received reviews seriously to keep good satisfaction rates or for increasing them. Since some reviews received more votes than others, it can be stated that some reviews are numerically more relevant than others.
The modern Web has gradually evolved into a huge information repository with hidden knowledge, thanks to the unprecedented information explosion. To exploit the full potential and support unified representation of such knowledge, knowledge base (KB) construction has become an important research topic for both database and knowledge management communities. Despite the large scale of existing KBs, they are still far from being complete and accurate. The purpose of this paper is to propose GrandBase, a new approach for extracting actionable knowledge from Big Data, which can be used to solve the knowledge extraction problem.
Grey relational analysis (GRA) is a multi-attribute decision-making (MADM) tool that provides a single measure of performance for each alternative with respect to a set of incommensurate attributes. Nevertheless, the traditional GRA is only limited to the situations with a single level of attributes, which might not entirely satisfy the need for increasingly complex MADM problems. The purpose of this paper is to develop an integrated GRA approach using data envelopment analysis (DEA) and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the size-dependent behavior of nano-beams under torsion by an innovative stress-driven nonlocal elastic model.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the effect of local instability on fire response of steel beams under different loading configurations and web slenderness. The effect of shear parameters on fire behavior of beams was not considered.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the provision of collective goods by multinational enterprises (MNEs) in emerging markets through the lenses of ordering systems, non-contractual exchanges, internalization and reciprocity theory.
Although it is arguably the most corrupt continent on the planet, corruption in Africa has been largely neglected by geographers. The purpose of this paper is to fill this void; its aim is to disclose the uneven geography of corruption there and the causes of differences in the level of severity found among its various countries.
The purpose of this paper is to explore management action to reduce carbon emissions caused mainly by air travel by employees in a global management company. The research question is: can management and accounting practices decrease an organisation's environmental impacts? The paper aims to discuss these issues.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the current state of corporate sustainability in the coffee industry in Mexico and to identify strategies to foster corporate sustainability. The paper also aims to identify the most effective strategies to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the industry.
The purpose of this paper is to explore why firms do not change from their existing costing system to a more advanced costing technique, namely, activity-based costing (ABC). Specifically, this paper explores reasons why adoption of ABC did not increase.
The purpose of this paper is to offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address societal disruptions. Societal disruptions - of the magnitude triggered by the agricultural, industrial and information revolutions - pose challenges that are much greater and different in kind than the industry-wide disruptions that businesses have learned to manage.
The purpose of this paper is to identify the knowledge and practice gap in accounting education and propose an alternative teaching method to align accounting education to meet the need of a practical world. This paper would assist accounting instructors and educators to develop and implement experiential and practical accounting module. Universities are expected to continuously improve and respond to critical thinking skills.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of e-banking service quality on e-loyalty in pandemic times through the interplay of service quality and e-satisfaction. The study also examines the mediating role of the service quality in the relationship between e- Satisfaction and E-Loyalty.
The purpose of this paper is to investigate the critical success factors of partnerships among professional service firms (PSFs) from an emerging market perspective. The study aims to examine the relationship between partnership success antecedents and partnership outcomes.
The purpose of this paper is to understand the role of strategic management for effective employee engagement and skill development of employees in start-ups.
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the performance of the health insurance sector in India and its contribution to the overall insurance market in India.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between benefits of scheme (BoS) and job satisfaction in the context of handloom weaving industry in Ethiopia. The paper aims to examine the effect of BoS on job satisfaction.
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the impact of psychological entitlement and perceived organizational justice on cyberloafing or spending work time using the internet at work.
The purpose of this paper is to examine the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world.
The purpose of this paper is to present the story of CERA India, a leading ceramic kitchenware company in India, which has gone through a financial crisis in the year 2019-2020. The paper aims to illustrate how the company has come out of the crisis and is now omnidextrous to sustain in a situation of crisis.
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the financial performance of General Insurance Re (GIC Re), the sole domestic reinsurance company in India, using performance ratios (PRs), internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the problematic public policies and the leadership challenge for socio-economic transformation in South Africa. Recent historical facts reveal that South Africa has enjoyed a good spell of political stability (arguably), free from armed conflicts and relatively peaceful with little disruptions to economic growth and development since the advent of democracy over three decades ago. Despite the apparent political stability, the economic performance has not been at its best to enable a quick turnaround of the apartheid inflicted damage and legacy to the society to date.
