The findings from this have been developed into a set of considerations for prospective users of the method, intended as a decision-making tool for novices to GT research. Novice use of GT can be fraught with complexity and initially perceived as in-compatible with traditional post graduate research.
The results of the study reveal that financial sector reforms have a positive and significant impact on FDI inflows in Ghana. The findings also reveal that the financial sector reform has a positive impact on the FDI inflow of Ghana. In addition, the findings reveal that there is a significant positive relationship between the level of financial sector development and FDI.
The Iranian policy in the ME has taken many aspects in its pursuit to execute its policy in light of the political transformations that occurred in the region. These determinants have served the Iranian project that is based on performing a promising regional role supported by a military force that relies on both conventional and non-conventional capabilities whether related to the nuclear program or the development of the country's rocket forces, in addition to using a number of tools that exist in the regional arena and supported by the political and social environment in the Arab region that witnessed substantial changes following the Arab revolutions in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya, in a way that serves this strategy.
The results show that the DSARIMA-GARCH model is able to capture both daily and weekly seasonal patterns and capture the volatility behavior of the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series at the same time. The forecasts produced by the selected model are accurate for one day ahead, one week ahead and a month ahead.
The authors find that cultural products are valued differently from traditional products in that they are valued based on their meaning, which is highly subjective and ambiguous. The authors argue that the value of cultural products shifts the focus of valuation away from the products themselves towards how certain agents in the socio-cultural environment identify and certify their products. In other words, valuation takes place through selection systems, e.g. part of the "judgement devices" (Karpik, 2010) and the nature of the cultural products determines which selection systems take predominance in driving their valuations. This rather unique valuation process has profound implications for organizations engaged in cultural production. These organizations essentially produce meaning rather than just making things. Because meaning is deeply embedded in specific social-cultural contexts, its production is no longer a private endeavour pursued by firms alone, but requires the involvement of various relevant agents, which constitute selection systems that firms need to manage.
The authors identify conceptual nuances between traditional organizations and OSS communities in regard to common antecedents of psychological ownership (e.g. extrinsic rewards). Importantly, the authors also differentiate the types of organizational commitment most relevant to the two settings. While continuance commitment (i.e. the need to stay with a current employer) influences psychological ownership in traditional organizations, the work identifies normative commitment as a powerful antecedent of psychological Ownership in OSS community. Finally, the qualitative results reveal that - in contrast to traditional organizations where psychological ownership is felt toward the organization - psychologicalOwnership is often felt toward end users as opposed to the community itself. Taken together, these findings not only highlight the importance of studying O SS communities but also offer guidance on how leaders can best manage members to ensure the community's continued success.
The findings of the study revealed that the majority of the students were aware of the concept of anti-oppressive practice, but they were not prepared to apply this approach in their daily practice. The majority of students were not aware of social work as a social justice-oriented profession in the country. The students were, however, aware that social work is an important practice approach that can be used to address structural and personalized social problems.
From the path analysis it can be seen that local domestic potential visitors do hold a positive image of the GEM and, as this study is based on the premise that "image" plays an important role in the marketing of services. As the author is dealing with "first time" visitors to GEM, thus the factors that impact pre-visit destination image are very important and as such the following factors are important: learning/knowledge has a significant positive effect on the image of GEM. Museum facilities have a significant effect on GEM image and this agrees with several previous literature.
The findings from this research have identified the potential to shape an entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude development based on entrepreneurship education and financial support. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. The financial support provides deeper encouragement than entrepreneurship education to shape the entrepreneurial attitude, which will further stimulate the entrepreneurial intention to venture into entrepreneurship.
The results of this paper reveal that the disclosure level of public and private universities in Egypt is low; undoubtedly, there are many obstacles that constraint universities to strengthen their efforts to promote the practice of social responsibility activities, some of which may be owing to organizational matters, laws and regulations that serve the role of universities to fulfill their social responsibility, as well as the lack of awareness of the importance of the initiatives taken by universities in achieving the sustainable development.
The study shows that the reform demands in Kuwait were not surprising. They were the result of political conflicts that preceded this period. The protests were not as demanding to change the regime as in other Arab countries, but it was only a pressure on the government and strengthening of the influence of the opposition under the existing regime. The opposition in Kuwait is complementary to the regime, not an alternative to it.
Based on the previous context, the study acquires it is importance as: This study is considered to be a continuation of many research studies in the same way of developing practical formulas for measuring public performance. Authors are seeking to benefit from quantitative tools to serve the administrative studies related to measuring the institutional performance in the public sector. The idea of research is vital as it baves the way for assessing institutional performance and then assessing executing public policy in the following step in future studies in this line.
Applying the proposed algorithm on a sample of terrorism incidents that happened in Egypt from 2011 till 2017, it was found that the network of terrorist groups can be decomposed into two important components and three cliques. This means that in spite of the fact that there are 22 terrorist groups registered in the GTD data for this sample, there are only two to three main shared patterns of terrorism. In other words, we have many group names for the same pattern.
The results show that lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness have a significant influence on the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit. In addition, functional food consumption is influenced by lifestyle adaptation and social media. Furthermore, functional foods are perceived to be healthier than normal processed foods.
Contraceptive discontinuation is an important part of the overall fertility increase observed during the past decade in Egypt. Discontinuation is one of those behaviours that contribute to the level of fertility through what Jain and colleagues have termed the "leaking bucket" that reduces the impact of FP programmes. The contribution of contraceptive discontinuation to unintended births in Egypt is high. It was estimated in 2014 to be 66.4 per cent while nonuse of contraception accounted for the remaining one-third of unintended recent births.
The ethical framework presented in this paper can be used to guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. The ethical framework is based on the principles of Islamic jurisprudence of priorities, which is an ethical approach to prioritization.
MCMC simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression. In the same line, GLM can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression, GLMs is considers as an extension to ordinary least square method when the variances are not equal (i.e. heteroscedastic models).
The results show that the three adaptive media strategies have a significant impact on the crowd behaviour. In addition, it is found that the intensity of the media strategy has a positive and significant effect on crowd behaviour in the intensification and decline modes.
Modelling of bivariate regressions for real growth per capita with the measure for financial development that is broadly used in the literature (M2/GDP) provides strong support for the association between real income growth and financial development. However, the regressions do not yield statistically significant results regarding the presence of time-series dynamics between real growth and indexes relating to financial institutions and banking or error correction. The Financial Markets Index used in this paper shows a strong association with real economic growth.
It seems that researchers rely more on classical statistical methods although they could benefit from the use of newer and advanced techniques. The authors strongly believe that advanced statistical methods can be employed heavily in this area.
This study has found that both urban and rural consumers exhibit similar levels of sustainable consumption behaviours in terms of conservation and purchase behaviours. However, urban consumers are found to be more concerned about energy conservation than rural consumers, whereas rural consumers are more concerned with water conservation. The study also found that the factors influencing energy and water sustainable consumption behaviour of urban consumers differ significantly from those of rural consumers.
The results of the study indicate that neonatal morbidity was more prevalent among young, educated, higher caste mothers. It may be due to the level of awareness of danger signs. On the other hand, the older women less educated and belonging to socially marginalized class were poorly reported the morbidity. Whereas, by obstetric variables, it is the mothers of the first child, first order birth and mother of two or less number of children who have reported more neonatal mortality compared to their counterparts. Further, interestingly, the study found that the majority of mothers were seeking care from private practitioners for their sick neonates, though the strong network of health facilities is available at various levels, and consequently spending more money out of pocket.
The study shows how the meta-network representation can be used to gain insight into the Syrian Crisis complexity. It also shows how unstructured data extracted from Security Council Reports can be extracted, analyzed and transformed into a network form that changes over time to create a dynamic network of different interacting players. The proposed approach in this study can then be extended to accommodate the full scope dimensions of an international crisis, using other resources, in addition to Security Council reports, such as media coverage and social media discussions.
This article provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector. This model provides a starting point for future research that evaluates the identified variables and provides a long-term assessment of the competitiveness of tourism destinations. As part of a future agenda, it is proposed that competitiveness research will identify a new focus on sustained growth.
- The paper finds that there are three main intellectual trends in contemporary Islamic philosophy: the reformist, secular and liberal. It also finds that the intellectual projects of the reformists and the seculars are based on a complete, or almost complete, philosophical vision; while the liberal thinkers have been able to construct an "intellectual project", conforming to reform in real life.
The results of the empirical investigation showed that co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) has a positive and significant effect on cost efficiency, volume effectiveness, responsiveness and product modularity. In addition, the results showed that collaborative assembly has a significant and positive effect on value to customer (VC) in terms of cost efficiency and volume effectiveness. The results also showed that the IC plays a mediating role in the relationship between CMMC and value to the customer.
Deterring VNSAs requires a broad understanding of deterrence. The main focus of the theory remains unchanged, which is preventing undesirable actions. However, deterrence should include methods that transcend the traditional deterrence theory. The possibility of deterring violent ideologies, recruited militants and their supporters cannot be addressed easily by the classical theory, which focused on the sovereign nation-states. Many VNS as do not have the traditional assets based on the territory, which can be targeted through the threat of punishment associated with traditional state-based theory. This dilemma is well known as "the return address problem".
The findings of the study indicate that the educational policy in Egypt is still based on the traditional school system, which has not been able to meet the needs of the society. It is necessary to improve the educational system in order to provide a better education for the future generations.
The findings indicate that the most common operational inefficiency identified within the downstream domain of the PSC is related to the lack of effective inventory control, which is a critical step for developing and improving the distribution of the finished products to customers (patients). In addition, it was found that there is a high level of wastage associated with the medicines delivery process in the UK and Greece, which has a significant impact on the quality of medicines delivered to patients.
The results show that IB scholars have a critical role to play in the development and adoption of renewable energy in international business. IB scholars should not be free of such responsibility. IB researchers are invited to conduct more research to increase the understanding of some of the biggest questions of our lifetime.
The research finds that the Air Force Medical Readiness Agency (AFMRA), Medical Logistics Readiness Support Branch, has observed shortages in material availability for many of these pharmaceutical items. Analysis of current contingency pharmaceutical shortages shows a significant trend of insufficient, individual site demand signals for various pharmaceutical items, resulting in non-fulfilment by private sector suppliers. This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics. It is found that there is a significant opportunity to improve supply chain efficiencies through strategic supply chain integration efforts to address current shortages.
The results of this research indicate that C-17 reduced-engine taxi procedures can yield significant fuel and cost savings for the US Air Force's Air Mobility Command (AMC). This research also found that aircraft gross weight (GW) can significantly impact the average thrust required to produce capable taxi thrust during lengthy periods of taxis.
The authors' method proved effective both in terms of the quality of results produced and in termsof computational tractability. The risk curves the framework produces are designed to be easily interpreted by decision-makers who are faced with challenging resource decisions. One can easily prioritize certain supply classes over others and understand the associated fleet requirements. Commanders can also quickly generate what-if scenarios to test how changes in vehicle availability or consumption would affect supply shortages, for example if new vehicle technology is introduced and worst-case downtime increases from 40% to 50%.
The results of the comparison between each of these edge-greedy subtour elimination methodologies showed that the GT was the fastest tracking methodology for small- to medium-sized instances. However, these results also indicated that given a more efficient coding matrix, the GT could become the preferred methodology for all instance sizes.
The results show that defence SCs must be customised to meet military customers' requirements in two modes: peace and war. Differentiation strategies are proposed for defence SC design (SCD) based on the military customer's requirements. The findings suggest that defence companies should focus on the defence customer's operational requirements in the design of SCs.
This paper provides insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain.
The paper provides a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the USAF's organic supply chain's resiliency. The risk to reconstitution risk to the supply chain is defined as the risk to its ability to maintain and reconstitute its inventory of DLR spare parts in the long term.
The results of the study indicate that the model can be used as a guide for the planning of NEOs in South Korea, and that it can also be used to guide the planning and execution of NEO operations in other countries.
Results of linear regressions found that of the three metrics tested, SDRs had the greatest impact on aircraft cannibalizations. They have a significant positive relationship with the number of cannibalizations across all three commands studied and Air Force wide. Given this finding, further analysis of other high-SDR commands such as Air Force Materiel Command (MFC) and Marine Corps Reserve Command (MC) was conducted to determine the magnitude of the impact these discrepancies can have on aircraft readiness.
The results indicate that the SMA approach yields high-quality solutions that minimize the number of changes to assignments resulting from instance perturbations, as compared to the initial solution. The LP approach yields solutions that are significantly less robust than SMA solutions, as measured by the robustness measure.
The results of the MIP and heuristic solutions are compared for a relatively large problem indicative of problems encountered by analysts at the USTRANSCOM. In addition, the heuristic and MIP solutions for 27 randomly generated problems are compared to assess the suitability and suitability of the analysis. Regression analysis is then used to identify significant predictors of capacity expansion errors observed in the heuristics. Finally, suggestions for future work on the MNCP are provided.
The model shows that the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number to be set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area is optimal as a function of both the size of the population exposed to the anthrax plume and the number needing preventive measures, even if they were not exposed.
Experimental data from this investigation indicate an overall improvement in detectability of flaws using UT on EBM Ti-6Al-4V with surface roughness reduction. At frequencies of 2.25 and 5.25 MHz, the orientation of inspection surfaces, side to side vs top, appears to have no impact on the ability to detect internal defects. However, at frequencies of 5.5 and 10.5 MHz, there is a significant difference in flaw detection of titanium alloy samples at 2, 5, 5 and 10 MHz. This difference is due to the fact that the surface finish of titanium alloys is much less than desirable at these frequencies.
This paper finds that the US Air Force's 220 C-17s and 52 C-5Ms will comprise the entire organic strategic airlift force at least until 2040, and probably beyond. The CRAF will continue to play an important role in the US military's strategic mobility capability for the next 50 years.
Based on the results of the value-based framework, the Excalibur series munitions provide the most value. Given these findings, commanders should be encouraged to use the M982 1a-2 for point and small area targets, but consider the use of the M795 or M549A1 for large area targets.
The research suggests that the most important ESI practices that contributed to positive project performance within the sample consisted of systems design involvement, design involvement and product design involvement. In addition, the research identified that many of the ESI approaches used in the private sector exist in the context of product development sourcing within the defense industry, despite the perceived existence of limitations that exist within the highly regulated federal acquisition environment.
The paper finds that the intuition behind decreasing total active inventory (TAI) and assumed proportional decreases in non-available hours is not borne out. The data shows non- available hours remaining nearly constant. NMCM is also the largest component of downtime. Drivers for NMCMU include age, platform type and fleet size, among others.
The results indicate that learning culture is positively related to operational performance and that human capital mediates the relationship between learning culture and operational performance. The results also indicate that workforce level has a significant moderating effect on the learning culture-operational performance relationship. Specifically, LROs and Mx Officers perceive a stronger positive relationship with learning culture than do Mx officers. However, the relationship is not significant at the individual level.
The BIP solution is compared to the heuristic solution for two relatively small problem instances to offer evidence that the proposed heuristic provides meaningful insights. The heuristic algorithm is tested on a large-scale MRVP, which is indicative of the problems encountered by analysts at the United States Transportation Command.
Three additional factors were found that strongly influence the willingness to bear PBC induced risks: the chosen path toward full PBC, the ability to make accurate forecasts and the length of the contract. The service provider's performance attributability was indeed found to be a strong factor influencing the service providers' willingness to take PBC-induced risks. In this study, the service provider did not have total control over the performance outcome. This study showed two methods on how this can be managed by the customer and service provider, namely, Service Level Agreements and exclusions.
This study finds that the Arab Spring region experienced an "Arab Awakening" if they saw an increase in violent or nonviolent protests in 2011, the first year of theArab Spring. Saudi Arabia was included because of the government's harsh reaction to initial protests from the minority Shiite group. These protests diminished quickly, although not because of a lack of fervor from protesters. This signifies Saudi Arabia as an interesting case in the diverse reaction to the Arab Fall.
The results show that the model can be used to predict the likelihood of a USAR Troop Program Unit (TPU) being located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements. The model can also be used as a screening tool to identify locations with the highest probability of meeting the staffing requirements of their TPUs.
The current system of SCL retrieval can be modeled as a parallel machine-scheduling (PMS) problem and can benefit from heuristics already defined in current literature. An alternate system, where the ammunition company focuses on processing magazines, has the potential of significantly reducing the makespan of the retrieval process if sufficient magazines store SCL for multiple customers.
Contrary to the 20 percent CPI stability rule often used on projects, the authors found that environmental remediation projects do not typically have stable CPIs by the time they are 20 percent complete. Instead, it was found that the CPI of environmental remedial projects usually stabilizes when projects are about 40 percent complete, although this may vary based on the factors the authors identified as having a significant impact on CPI stability.
The findings suggest that DoD-backed innovation programs provide both participants and the Department with valuable benefits. Participant companies benefit tremendously from the funding these programs provide, which allows them to grow their business, develop new research and prototyping and commercialize. The programs also introduce participants to the various idiosyncrasies of the contracting space and to the unique challenges facing the armed forces today. However, today's threat environment and adversaries demand that cutting-edge capabilities are integrated throughout the whole of the Department of Defense (DoD).
The results indicate that the number of force packages needed to sustain a deployed SOF package is greater than the number needed to maintain predetermined combat readiness and quality-of-life standards. In addition, it was found that the D2D ratios of the deployed force package were significantly higher than those of the control group.
Both the likelihood of an ECP and the additional amount incurred to be incurred appear to be statistically independent of acquisition phase, branch of service, contract type or any other factor except for the basic contract amount and the number of contract line item numbers (CLINs). Both of these variables equally affected the percentage of the contract cost due to an increase due to ECPs. The logistic regression approach proved a poor predictor of determining the probability of a DoD contract incurring a ECP. However, it did provide invaluable insight that lower cost contracts appeared statistically less likely to incur an E CP.
The results indicate that the O&S costs of the U-2 are stable over the life-cycle. The authors also find that the median O& S cost is found to be consistent with the model developed in this research. In addition, the authors develop a regression model (including the results of the stability analysis as an explanatory variable) to predict median O & S costs.
The results show that preferential customer treatment from the defense industry for the military has a positive effect on the attractiveness of the buyer-supplier relationship. However, the effect of customer attractiveness on the preferential treatment is not as strong as expected. In addition, it is shown that there is a positive relationship between the attractiveness to the military and the perceived preferential treatment.
The results indicate that the accuracy of the performance appraisal system is significantly affected by the system structure, dynamics, and human behavior. Specifically, the authors find that the system accuracy decreases as the number of promotions increases, and increases with the frequency with which an officer moves up the career path.
The authors found that the average utilization rate across all 159 sorties was 55.52 per cent of cargo throughput optimized routing ACL. The total number of airlift aircraft for the given set of cargo requirements was reduced by almost 25 per cent. Two of the most influential techniques (aggregation and dual rail swap) required no additional 463L equipment and could be implemented immediately through re-education efforts.
The findings of this study indicate that category management and strategic sourcing can be improved by using analytics to inform the development of a more comprehensive sourcing strategy that is aligned with the organization's strategic objectives.
The ILS-S application was successfully transformed from a proprietary COBOL-based software application on a proprietary proprietary platform to a modernized Java-based application system running on an open platform. A key step on the path to success was the isolation of the SBSSCOBOL software from all direct user interfaces and all external data system communications. Once that isolation was accomplished, the COB OL code was converted to Java and in place in place of the legacy legacy COBol software. The successful modernization of the Air Force S BSBSS application immediately reduced the annual operating cost of the I LS-S/ES-S component by $21.3M - a savings of $3M per annum.
The results show that the proposed model can be used to generate median will-cost estimates for acquisition programs. The median estimate becomes a middle-of-the-road estimate from which to work from in the should-cost approach rather than the floor.
The results of this study indicated that the modified WCST was a better fit for military officers than the original WCST. Specifically, set switching and set maintenance were significantly higher in the modified version of the WCST than in the original version. Cluster analysis by non-perseverative error rate revealed that set maintenance was the most important factor in explaining variance in cognitive flexibility.
The results show that the LPTA source selection method has a positive effect on the time-to-contract, but the TO method does not. The LPTA method, however, does not necessarily result in better contractual outcomes, particularly given the anecdotal belief that TO procurements take longer to award than LPTA procurements.
Through the use of multiple linear regression aided by increased geographic data specificity through ZCTA method, mixed stepwise selection methods and principal components analysis (PCA), the authors show that forecasts produced by the multiple linear regressors - which themselves require simple linear forecasts of the predictors - are robust for a relevant forecast horizon of up to five years. The authors also present an empirical study comparing our model to other common models.
The authors find that FinTech has had a positive impact on household finances in the USA, Germany, India and China. However, the authors also find that the impact of FinTech is not uniform across countries. In addition, the results show that the effect of Fin tech on household finance varies across different countries. For example, in the US, FinTech lenders have led to lax screening, resulting in an increase in lending to riskier borrowers. In India, Fin tech has led to a decrease in the number of loans made to low-income households. The authors also found that in Germany and China, Lending has been found to have a positive effect on portfolio investments.
The results show that, first, interest rate liberalization has a nonlinear impact on bank liquidity creation, and the relationship between them is inverted U-shaped. Second, through the mediation effect tests, the authors find that interest Rate liberalization affects bank liquiditycreation through bank risk-taking. That is, interest Rates liberalization leads to changes in bank risk taking, which in turn leads to Changes in Bank Liquidity Creation.
The results of the study reveal that the time varying return and volatility relationship between stock market return and macroeconomic risk factors is quite stable in both China and USA. However, the two markets differ in terms of size and economic prominence. In addition, the study also finds that the feedback effect of macroeconomic uncertainty on the stock market returns and volatility is stronger in China than in the USA.
- The authors find high DAs firms tend to save more cash. The results remain significant with firm characteristics being controlled. The findings are consistent with the earning manipulation hypothesis that suggests firms' savings associated with DAs are largely driven by managers to spend cash to satisfy their self-interest. The authors then propose two conjectures to explain the documented positive association. The earning manipulation argument attributes the higher saving at high DA firms to earning management. That is, self- interest-seeking managers use (more) excess cash to benefit themselves. The signaling hypothesis, on the other hand, advocates that the higher savings in highDAs firms are associated with influential DAs, which has informational benefit that could effectively reduce costly external financing. Given manager-shareholder-aligned interest, firms will save morecash, in conjunction with the employment of DAs for future internal (external) financing.
The results from the analysis give insights into net emitters and net receivers of risk spillovers, which can be useful for potential investors in deciding which particular CESEE market to invest in. Moreover, the magnitude of the spillovers is estimated, which gives answers to the questions whether changes in the spillover dynamics and magnitudes change over time. The main contribution of this research compared to existing ones lies in depicting the countries which are sources of shock spillovers.
The authors find that the opening of high-speed railways reduces the cost of corporate debt financing, and this negative correlation is more significant in non-state firms, firms with weaker internal control, and firms that hire non-Big Four auditors. The authors also find that analyst attention, institutional investor participation and information disclosure quality mediate the impact of the shortening of the time distance between Beijing and Tianjin.
The results show that there are significant differences between northern and southern hemisphere consumers regarding the importance of signal attributes in the WTP for pasture-raised beef. Northern hemisphere consumers are more concerned about traceability and traceability-related attributes. Southern hemisphere consumers, on the other hand, are more interested in animal welfare attributes. In addition, the results confirm that there is a significant difference in the importance that consumers place on the attributes that are independent from each other.
The results of the study revealed that perceived role clarity is positively related with IWB through intrinsic motivation and job involvement. In addition, the results also revealed that intrinsic motivation fully mediates the relationship of perceived roles clarity with job involvement and IWB.
The results suggest that higher trade volumes involved in the transaction are associated to an increase in the probability of renewing a contract. Similarly, the existence of a greater variety of products transacted between the parties (economics of scope) increases the odds of contract renewal. In addition, the presence of asset specificity (dedicated assets) contributes to increase the probability to renew a B2B contract in capital-intensive industries. In this context, this occurs when the supplier is the closest supplier, regardless of the geographic distance.
Grounded theorizing starts by crafting good research questions leading to interesting unsolved real-world problems. If research questions demand to navigate the online world to get appropriate answers, researchers can feel confident to span the boundaries of the method into this new reality. Moreover, it shows that gathering online data can be easier than collecting traditional offline ones, but they are also challenging because of the overwhelming volume and types of data available. Thus, it is suggested that grounded theorizing on online contexts starts from crafting the research question, followed by the methods of online data gathering. Alternative consolidated methods for analyzing these new kinds of data are also presented. Finally, the article addresses future and present challenges posed by the new online era for grounded theory, as well as how the lessons learned from traditional offline grounded theory can be helpful to mitigate them.
The results show that incubator efficiency is positively related to the survival of start-ups. In addition, the efficiency of incubators is positively associated with the number of employees and with the size of the company. However, incubators are not efficient in the creation of new businesses.
The results showed that companies in countries that institute the mandatory dividend have lower levels of investment and greater sensitivity of investment to cash flow than similar companies located in countries without this obligation, even controlling for other variables such as institutional environment and economic and financial development.
The results show that the adoption of rural insurance by producers in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, is positively related to their level of education, farm size, land size, farm age, farm income and farm size. In addition, the authors find that the probability of using insurance is positively associated with the number of years of experience in the farm, the size of the farm and the farm age of the producer. The authors also find that there are significant differences in the determinants of insurance adoption between the two groups.
The results of analyzing the companies listed on the B3 (the Brazilian stock exchange) show that companies that contracted loans from the BNDES were able to make greater investments. In addition, and more importantly, the results show that BNDes loans amplify the effects of cash flow on investments, generating a kind of credit multiplier. In other words, the B NDES multiplies the investment capacity of each monetary unit of cash flows generated by the company.
The results show that there is a difference in the extension of environmental disclosure between companies in Brazil and the USA. The results also show that companies located in the USA have a higher level of disclosure than those located in Brazil, which is consistent with the legitimacy theory, which postulates that companies with lower environmental performances will take over a greater volume of disclosure in the search of legitimacy for stakeholders.
The results show that there is a positive relationship between political connections through campaign donations and tax aggressiveness. Companies that make campaign donations have a lower tax burden after financing the electoral campaign, leading them to have a relatively low tax burden.
The results show that firms with higher asset pledgeability have greater access to credit, can make more investments and have higher sensitivity of investment to cash flows vis-a-vis firms with lower pledgeability. The authors also show that the sensitivity of debt to cash flow is positive (negative) for firms with high (low) hedging needs. Finally, the authors find that the demand for cash is sensitive to the availability of internal funds and firm borrowing capacity.
The results confirm the positive impact of cooperative governance on the cooperatives' financial performance. The results also provide elements for further regional analysis, indicating the positive results for cooperative governance and the positive financial performance in the south of Brazil, which opens up a path for new investigations on the link between social capital and cooperativism.
The results show that a positive facial expression of a male model in a static ad has a positive effect on emotional contagion and product evaluation, whereas a false smile of a female model has a negative effect on product evaluation. The gender congruency effect of the model-gender congruence effect is also confirmed.
The results show that the presence of strong everyday sadism is associated with unethical behavior in the business area. Managers with strong traits of everydaySadism are more likely to engage in opportunistic behavior and engage in results' management and fraud.
The results show that SIC is positively related to identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation. Moreover, SIC has a positive effect on identification and trust, as well as on satisfaction with work and life.
The results indicate that HR professionals have a positive perception of the performance and knowledge of older managers. However, there is no evidence of companies adopting age management practices in recruitment and selection, integration, and retention of these managers.
It was found that the magnitude of the effect between EO and organizational performance is positive and significant, consistent with a representative percentage of studies that claim that firms strongly oriented by entrepreneurship achieve better performance than firms that do not adopt EO. The study also produced evidences about the mediators in the EO-performance relationship by testing and confirming the partial mediation of learning orientation and innovativeness. Although the indirect paths showed significance, it is notable the small magnitude of these effects.
The results show that corporate global mindset, as a firm capability to deal with strategic complexity and intercultural complexity, is closely related to experience in international markets. The results also show that global orientation, global knowledge and global skills are positively related to international franchising.
The results show that the efficiency of Brazilian electricity distribution companies is affected by the choice of the estimation model and by the heterogeneity among the entities compared. The results also show that there are significant relationships between the variables that affect the efficiency.
The results show that the IWE is significantly related to the organization commitment and job satisfaction. It also indicates that the application of IWE can help achieving great commitment and satisfaction among employees towards the organization, particularly among the Islamic banks.
The results show that gender, research experience and geography were related to the authors' importance in the co-authorship network in the management and accounting sciences in Brazil. Although the evidence produced by Mello et al. (2013) showed an increase in collaboration intensity in such disciplines, the results of this paper show that there are still inequities in the structure of scientific collaboration in the disciplines.
The results pointed out that firms are mostly family-owned and voting rights are mostly concentrated in the hands of the ultimate shareholder (USL), producing evidence consistent with the theories of ownership structure and with the owner's influence on strategic decisions. Moreover, a significant relationship was found between M&A and firm size, investment, market value and market value, as well as between firm size and growth opportunities.
The results demonstrate that the occurrence of EWE has gained more attention in media coverage; however, there is still interest for risk management activities. Media coverage of drought and floods was unevenly distributed, and the two events are framed differently in terms of impacts to society and risk management responsibilities. Additionally, the results highlight the difference of media coverage in the cases of slow-onset and sudden-on events. The media portrayal conveyed the scale of risks involved in EWE and reinforced the responsibilities in risk management. However, the authors found reduced attention to risk management Activities, particularly for mitigation and preparedness phases.
The results showed that the board of directors' size, independence, separation of functions from the board chairman and the CEO position, and the largest number of meetings impact the CBEI. In addition, the board's characteristics seek to support corporate responsibilities, fulfilling a diversity of issues in the operational scenario, including the influence of the gender of the president and the age of the counselors of the board.
The results show that men are more likely to accept intuitive (analytic) advice when the advisor's gender is male, while women are more inclined to accept analytic (intuitive) advice in advice taking. The results also show that the influence of advisor gender and advice justification on advice taking is moderated by the gender of the advisor.
From the data presented herein, the authors affirm that tacit knowledge was inserted in all UDP routines. The most observed manifestations of tacit knowledge were perceptions, tacit heuristic, experience and intuitions. Thus, these tacit skills may represent the core of the tacit knowledge in the UDP in the cases studied.
The research results corroborate the foundations of spillover effects theory and with the recognition that the intensity of the effect of the foreign participation on the performance of economies will depend on the absorption capacity of host economies. The evidence presented in this study highlights the importance of better understanding the real effects of state intervention, through the use of industrial policy instruments and how they affect foreigners' investment decisions, as the lack of clear industrial orientation that is systematically integrated with MNEs' operations may result in economic development opportunities below the ideal level.
The results suggest that there is a role to be played by markets for water use rights in Brazil, even though solely under specific conditions, such as during periods of considerable gap between the supply and demand of water. The ensemble of answers obtained from the interviewees highlights the preference for a temporary, short-lived, localized application of a potential market.
The results show that satisfaction with after-sales services is positively associated with loyalty and WTP. However, reputation and involvement do not have a significant effect on the relationship between satisfaction and loyalty. In addition, the results demonstrate that the emotional component of satisfaction explains intention and repurchase behavior better than the cognitive component.
The case study shows that the technocratic and materialistic political coalitions coordinated their actions in favor of the Belo Monte HPP and the idealistic political coalition confronted them. It was observed that changes in the institutions were a result not only of confrontation strategies but also of mutual learning among coalitions, such as the incorporation of social and environmental considerations by the hegemonic coalition in the project's design.
The authors suggest that there are several epistemological justifications for using case studies and show that the quality and rigor of academic research with case studies are directly related to the alignment between epistemology and research design rather than to choices of specific forms of data collection or analysis. Furthermore, multiple data collection techniques can be used in in single or multiple case study designs.
Embodied practice-based research is the upshot from the intertwined of the researcher's interpretation, judgment, and affect performances. All interpretation, judgement and affect are actions wherein the researcher cognition is not separated from his/her perception and its capacity to affect and be affect by humans and non-humans--including the research data. There is no coherent interpretation without perception and affect.
This article argues that the interest in varying the perception about a phenomenon at the collective level; the hierarchy of complexity between the conceptions regarding the phenomenon; and the outcome space constitute a theoretical and, mainly, methodological framework. It is a framework that can contribute as an alternative to problematize and analyze organizational practices, expanding the possibilities of creating theories from findings in the field.
The findings show that QCA is capable of capturing altogether the three principles of causal complexity, and thus is the preferred choice for empirically testing configurational theories. However, it is also possible to find evidence of asymmetry and equifinality in QCA, which is contrary to the assumptions inherent in conventional QCA.
There is a need to clarify the procedures adopted in conducting transcriptions in research reports in the management field, as well as the limitations of the transcription technique and the quality of a transcription.
The results show that the proposed method can be used in the context of empirical research in management studies by using the Bayesian paradigm for the construction of scales. The results also show that it is possible to use the BFAMD method in the presence of a prior information such as past studies or information gathered from the experience of specialists.
The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of IE. The authors argue that further comprehension of organizational phenomena is possible through more intense use of in-depth knowledge from daily operations of a single (or a small group of) organization(s).
Multilevel regression models have become considerably important in several fields of knowledge, and the publication of papers that use estimations related to these models has become more and more frequent. The reason for the importance of multilevel modeling is due mainly to the determination of research constructs that consider the existence of nested data structures, in which certain variables show variation between distinct units that represent groups but do not assess variation between observations that belong to the same group. In addition, the computational development and investments that data analysis software developers have made in the processing capacity to estimate these models have also provided support to researchers who are increasingly interested in these models.
The paper provides a practical guide to the novice researcher on D&V of attitudes measurement scales, starting from the literature review and interviews with experts to define the construct domain, the writing of each statement and its caveats, the empirical validation using EFA, and finally several practical suggestions with methodological comments on each topic.
The authors find that the Poisson pseudo-maximum-likelihood estimator is a robust substitute for the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors apply both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences.
The paper presents an overview of the DiD method, summarized here in terms of some practical recommendations. Researchers wishing to apply the method should carefully plan their research design and think about what the source of (preferably exogenous) variation is, and how it can identify causal effects. The control group should be comparable to the treatment group and have the same data availability. Matching and other methods can refine the control group selection. Enough time periods should be available to credibly motivate the parallel trends and, in case not fulfilled, it is likely that DiD is not an appropriate method. The robustness of the analysis can be enhanced by using exogenous control variables, either directly in the regression and/or through a matching procedure.
Mainstream scholars have made remarkable efforts in closing the gap established at the late eighties, where attention to ties' content was shifted to the background (i.e. the reintroduction of ethnography, development of multiplex models, etc.). However, the mainstream has not been able to respond to its critics, and the likely limits to its expansion.
The four main assumptions used by the algorithm are misplaced and, more importantly, significantly bias the development of science toward the perception of male scholars who are primarily affiliated to highly developed countries where English is the official language.
The results showed that the size of the company, calculated by the logarithm of the companies' total assets, was inversely related to the return, while the price-to-book indicator was positively related to it. It was also observed that the adoption of the IFRS standards positively affected the relationship between financial variables and stock returns, which is more relevant when the accounting figures were under its aegis. In addition, it was observed that institutional moderators were included in the analysis.
From this, it was possible to present a set of characteristics that conceptualize and qualify a DBM, as presented in Table I. The arguments presented in this paper contribute to the practice as these concepts and characteristics can be used as a validation tool to identify if a business is a D BM.
The results show that the application compatibility with the PHC is the main predictor of the use of Mobile PHC, followed by the Performance Expectancy with the use and Technical Support provided to users. The results also show that satisfaction with the MECS work is determined by the Application Compatibility with the MobilePHC system and its impact on the performance of the teams is mediated by the Technical Support.
According to the interviews, the companies developed relational synergies with their strategic suppliers, adopting operational competencies for the efficient use of resources. The companies used resources and skills to contribute to the relationship strategy to obtain greater relational income for the individual companies and the chain as a whole. Collaborative relationships are relevant because they enable the members to use integrative strategies to influence the development of competencies to create competitive advantage.
The results indicate that logistic regression models increase the GINI coefficient by 5.8 times when compared to subjective analyses and the area under the ROCAUR curve (AURAUR) by around 62 per cent. The random forest increases the GinI index further by 4 per cent and the AOCUR by 2.2 per cent, and the results show that these models improve the efficiency of the credit granting process significantly.
The paper identifies three conditions under which hybrid arrangements that contractually combine resources from public authorities and private operators can outperform the polar cases of public bureaus and full privatization in the delivery of a specific subset of public goods that the authors identified as "critical services". The advantages of hybrids are conditional to the capacity of hybrids to reconcile competing interests to achieve socio-economic cohesion, to combine capabilities dispersed among partners to benefit from positive externalities, and to satisfy legitimacy concerns with respect to the role of government.
The results indicate non-rejection of H1, thereby allowing one to infer that entrepreneurs are more satisfied with their jobs, as was also pointed out by Binder and Coad (2013) and Van Praag and Versloot (2007). The results also indicate that entrepreneurs have higher levels of job and family satisfaction than non-entrepreneurs.
The results indicate that the way in which social identity is measured and represented reveals distinctions in the relationships between work team identity and different indicators of effectiveness. It could be inferred that this relationship depends on the level of correspondence between the components of identity and the criteria of work team effectiveness, as well as on thelevel at which these analyses are carried out.
The results show that the presence of women on the board of directors has a positive impact on the CSR, CG and financial performance of Brazilian public companies. The results also show that gender diversity on boards is positively related to the CG and CSR of companies.
The findings confirm the relations between impulse buying and the consumer's decision-making and the post-purchase emotions. In addition, the findings confirm that the influences linked to the environmental dimension also act on impulse buying. The age construct presented an inverse relation with impulse buying, while the impulse buying was found to be stronger in this behavioral dimension. The results also confirm that impulse buying is bound to price and the store environment.
The results show that the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry in Brazil has a negative impact on the competitiveness of the industry. The results also show that there is a significant difference between the supply chains of South Korea and China in terms of the number of suppliers and the level of participation of the automotive industry.
The results of this study showed that the consumers' attitude and beliefs are formed and how greenwashing affects their green products consumption in retail. This study also showed that risks are not considered when the consumers believe that greenwashing is not true.
The paper concludes that universities can play an important role in the fight against corruption, as they have the potential to play a significant role in providing a platform for students, faculty and other stakeholders to engage in a dialogue on corruption. The paper also highlights the need for universities to take a more active role in fighting against corruption.
The study identifies new sub-categories, which are not just related to nonprofit organizations, but also to the organizational context of the nonprofit organizations. The findings show that the use of ICT by nonprofit organizations can improve their ability to achieve their social mission. The barriers that prevent the full use of the ICT are also observed.
The authors found that outsourced workers from UNIRIO were significantly more satisfied than faculty members and TAEs, despite their relatively less stable position. In this sense, it is possible to affirm that the outsourced employees that participated in this study possess more modest expectations and/or have less favorable frames of reference, positively affecting their job satisfaction. The results on organizational commitment only partially corroborate the literature on this issue, still lacking research on this subject, both nationally and internationally. Finally, the study showed that turnover intention is negatively influenced by both job satisfaction and normative and affective commitment.
The results show that the three dimensions of MCS (distributive, procedural and interactional) have a positive effect on the perception of organizational justice, which, in turn, reduces the propensity to create budgetary slack and data manipulation. In addition, organizational commitment and trust in the supervisor have a negative effect on these two unethical behaviors.
The results show that there are statistically significant differences in the structural coefficients present in structural relationships of the proposed financial literacy model, considering different groups of respondents with different combinations of actual financial knowledge and perceived financial knowledge. The results also show that the heterogeneity across these four groups implies in different behaviors in the light of the conceptual model.
The paper integrates the literature about HGFs at its different levels: business environment, organization and individual. This creates a document that brings together the main theoretical and empirical results generated at each level of analysis, thus shedding light on the interdependence between them. Second, it advances a characterization of scale-up companies to enable a better basis for discussion. Finally, it identifies gaps in the existing literature and suggests pathways for future research.
The results provide clarity on the dominant cultural profile, cultural forces and the relations between cultural profiles and the economic, environmental and social dimensions (the 3BL approach). The dominant cultural profiles among the companies, according to the knowledge of the staff, were hierarchical. Company B had a mostly clan-based profile. The results show the prevalence of the hierarchical and clan cultural profiles, so these companies demonstrate stability, control and a focus on the internal environment.
The results allowed us to conclude that all the barriers limit the creation of new organizations; 69.0 per cent of the respondents did not accomplish the previous entrepreneurial intention. The financial resources barrier (economic-financial) is the most important one, 85.2 per cent do not create an organization because of it. The personal barrier (sociocultural) is second most important except during the period in which banking financial support is available, where become the first. The impact of the normative-regulatory barrier is statistically relevant, but practically irrelevant on the magnitude.
The results indicate that the most adequate relationship between the perception of quality and healthiness that is not completely clear in the researched literature represents a gap that represents a theoretical gap to be filled in the literature.
The results show that the most important factors influencing the decision on product customization differ between B2B and B2C products. In addition, there is a significant difference in the importance of these factors between the two types of products. The results also show that there are significant differences in the relative importance of the factors that influence the product customization decision between the types of product.
The research findings point out that, in the first years of their term, CEOs are more likely to use opportunistic results management practices. On the other hand, there are indications that CEOs with a long term of office seek to preserve the reputation created over the course of their careers, and for this reason, use less discretion in their accounting choices.
The results show that OBA and trust influence satisfaction between suppliers and buyers on the automotive sector supply chain, from the transaction costs economics (TCE) perspective of TCE, which may consequently impact relationship satisfaction, such as the risk of opportunism, specificity of assets invested and need to establish safeguards.
The paper provides a conceptualization of green HRM, addresses workplace-based green human resource management (HRM) practices, sheds light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations and suggests a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green HR M.
The results demonstrate the effectiveness of this celebrity endorsement, as well as the effect of different contexts on endorsement. They show that although new celebrities are less affected by endorsements from established celebrities as they become better known, employing the endorsement of celebrities with charisma and who are related in some way to the aspiring celebrity can be an effective strategy, especially for newcomers on the scene.
The findings suggest that the Brazilian firms do not follow target payout ratios, but they do try to pay dividends that are moderately dependent on past payments. The level of dividend payment is affected by stock voting rights, privatization, dividend payments deductibility provisions and changes of corporate governance rules. Changes in the tax legislation have a significant influence on dividend payout ratios. Payout ratios are positively affected by changes in regulation that reduce the agency problems among shareholders of the firm. The authors found significant positive effects in dividend payouts for firms that belong to special corporate governance segments of the stock exchange - firms that voluntarily adopt better practices toward its outside shareholders, thus reducing agency problems.
The results show that the B/M ratio and ROE have a positive and significant effect on stock returns. In addition, the results indicate that the relationship between the B-to-market ratio and the expected future returns is stronger than the relation between market value and expected returns. The results also show that momentum and liquidity have a negative and significant influence on the relation of the B&M ratio with the future returns.
The results of the tests performed indicate that practice departs from theory in the country: of the eight hypotheses tested, the authors rejected seven hypotheses and partially rejected one hypothesis. One possible explanation is that few Brazilian academic studies consider transaction costs such as brokerage fees, bid-ask spreads and liquidity when studying the benefits of quantitative portfolio optimization.
The structural model developed showed that, notably the values of the dimensions Self-transcendence and Conservation can indicate changes in the affective commitment to the organization. The first variable contributes to engagement, while the second one reduces the commitment levels, partially validating H1. However, as the Conservation sign was opposite to the typically indicated in literature (Tamayo et al., 2000, for example), new analyses are required, mainly using the disaggregation of dimensions by motivational types. Likewise, the expectations about career and organization have presented remarkable effects on the commitment, except for the Career and personal life factor.
The results show that the quality of the institutional environment of the G-20 countries is positively related to FDI flows. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between institutional quality and the level of FDI.
International opportunities are more associated with mode continuation than modal shift in the internationalization process of traditional firms. Specifically, the authors suggest that over time firms learn to: refine, rather than switch, servicing modes within foreign markets; better develop internal and exploitative opportunities; manage a portfolio of servicing modes; and identify when and how to use complex servicing mode packages to capitalize on a mix of (internal and external, exploratory and exploatory) opportunities in new foreign markets.
From the results found in the general questions about the impact of the programs on the evaluated dimensions, as well as those found in specific questions of these three dimensions, it was observed that there is a perception on the part of graduates of the development of their competency, career and income after participating in the stricto sensu Administration graduate programs at UFBA. Regarding competencies, a strong perception of evolution was found by graduates, who considered that the program had a high impact on this development. With regard to career, there was also a decrease in the occupation of lower levels and an increase in the number of individuals being the chairperson or board member in the organizations where they work. Overall, 48.7 per cent of graduates have evolved in their hierarchical positions, whereas 42.3 per cent remained at the same level.
CRA is a methodological innovation for case analysis which is being used to infer: the most important words in a speech (either a transcript or a written text); the way in which these words interact between themselves; and the similarity between different texts. Frequently adopted in information and computer sciences, CRA was only recently introduced into management-oriented journals. Yet, there are only some few works published using this method in this area and no Brazilian publication has been found. This observation can be done for several other case-oriented research methods.
The administration of justice is a subject of high social and political importance, linked to the broader field of public administration, but it has hardly been studied, especially in Brazil. A well-administered justice system is a civilizing influence and contributes to social cohesion and to the country's social and economic development. Although important, this issue has not received proper attention from the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration.
The results of the study show that the choice experiment is a useful tool in non-market value analysis, but there are a number of methodological issues that need to be considered when designing a choice experiment.
Logit model was used to estimate the value of intangible socioeconomic benefits arising from the afforestation activities. The results show that the total WTP of these intangible benefits is higher than the market value of these benefits. The value of the intangible benefits was found to be significantly higher than market value.
The research shows that China's forestry marketization already has made obvious achievements in the process of the reform on marketization. At the same time, China's marketization process needs to be further promoted in an all-round way, and market-supporting reforms should be further explored. In addition, the role of Forestry marketization in forestry economic growth is analyzed by constructing the Cobb-Douglas production function and establishing regression equations. The results showed that Forestry Marketization was indeed an important driving force for China's forest economic growth. And, forestry capital investment, forest land investment and forestry science and technology progress also play important roles in promoting China's Forestry Economic Growth.
The study finds evidence that forest reserves in the GAR have experienced some degree of depletion. Human behaviour is found as the main driver of forest depletion, followed by climate change and then institutional failure. In all cases of climate change, human behaviour and institutional failure, there is an observed increasing order of effect, which implies that the higher these factors are perceived to be in rank, the more they are found to be hurt to forest resources.
The results show that the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of PM2.5 can be estimated at a rate of US$2.4 million per year. The economic benefits are mainly attributable to the reduction of PM10 and PM2,542 ug/m3 per day and 15 ug per year, respectively. In addition, it is also found that urban trees have a higher adsorption rate of 80-90% compared to 50-80% for PM10, which is in line with previous studies.
The results showed that the WTP and WTA for reforestation for environmental services were significantly higher than for other environmental services. The WTP was higher than the WTA in the case of forest goods and services, while WTA was higher for ecosystem services. In addition, the respondents were willing to pay a higher WTP for forest services than for forest goods. However, they were not willing to accept a loss of ecosystem services due to the loss of forest services.
A large number of the surveyed respondents were highly concerned about the ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest. They expressed deep interest to pay for further improvement of ecosystem services. They were willing to pay a minimum of Rs. 1,000 per annum for each ecosystem service. They also expressed a willingness to pay up to Rs. 2,000/year for the protection of the ecosystem. The majority of the respondents were also willing to contribute to the conservation of the Sundarban ecosystem.
The results show that the quality of China's exports to the developed countries is generally low. The quality of the exports to developed countries was relatively high. The results also show that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between the proportionation of international production segmentation and the quality improvement of exports by Chinese enterprises. Moreover, there is a positive and significant relationship between export technology and export quality.
The results showed that Chinese forestry economic growth was mainly driven by capital investment and property system; particularly, the correlation of forestry investment in fixed assets and forestry production was the largest. On the one hand, it states that the investment infixed asset played a particularly important role in the rapid growth of China's forestry economy. In addition, it showed the lower impact factors in today's forestry industry development. This suggested that human and material resources still relied on a great deal of investment to maintain rapid growth and extensive development.
The authors demonstrate that the environmental income is the earning from relatively savings from the potential cost of consumption on environmental quality improvement on the pathway of economic growth. In China's case, it determines the future pathway of rural conversion to the era of eco-urbanization. By examining the uncertain environmental impacts with population growth, the authors discuss the uncertain effectiveness of time preference changes for sustainable growth, and the relative savings from cost of environmental impacts are critical to capital accumulation over time.
In the process of forest protection and utilization, under the constraints of ecological protection and social and economic development policies, the optimal allocation and design of forest utilization related to this content needs to be carried out to realize the dual objectives of ecological service function and social economic development. To achieve optimal forest land management, the integration of relevant basic data in various regions and departments can be achieved through unified data collection and processing standards. And multi-source data including remote sensing data, survey data, data collection standards and system integration can be used to improve the performance of dynamic monitoring and assessment of forestry area.
The results of the research show that the city residents' preferences and needs for future urban forest improvement are very similar to their "consciousness expression" (city residents' multidimensional awareness) and "activeness expression," which in turn, will be the embodiment of their "creativity expression." In addition, the results also show that city residents are willing to pay a certain amount of money for making the improvement of their urban forest.
When the insurance premium decreases and the subsidy from government increases, more forest farmers will purchase forest insurance. According to simulation results, the larger forest field area owned by the forest farmer, the more tendency of purchasing forest insurance by forest farmer will be. When the government provides 100 percent subsidy to the forest insurance premium and all forest farmers join the insurance program, the insurance coverage rate will be 100 percent. Moreover, forest farmers with a large forestField area are more actively to purchase forest Insurance than those with a smallField Area.
China's forestry resources development has been challenging due to serious problems such as shortage, inferiority and uneven distribution of forestry resources. The vast territory, huge population and widespread forest landscape of China have led to the numerous indexes and complex data; therefore, it is important to improve efficiency and accuracy of forest resources investigation and forest cover monitoring to ensure the sustainable development of the forestry resource. In this case, the theory and technology that are developed on the basis of big data can be widely applied to analyze China's Forestry Resources.
On the basis of model analysis and numerical examples, the paper finds that under the condition of the producer taking the role of a leader, the wholesale price with shortage penalty scheme can realize the supply chain coordination only if the producer occupies the whole profit and the supplier almost gets no profit. The whole profit in decentralized system can be reallocated when the producer changes his order quantity.
The main results demonstrate that KOF's globalization index (1980-2017) had a significant negative effect on deglobalization among the economic, social and political global indices. However, the economic and social aspects did not have a significant direct effect. There may be an indirect effect or "mediated effects with variables that are not included in this model," and further research is needed. Additionally, the negative influence of the political global index was greater for developed countries than developing countries. The results show the importance of the response to deglocalization on the political side of a country.
The results of this research show that the organizational transformation is a determinant of corporate hospitality and its effect on corporate sustainability. The results also show that corporate hospitality has a positive and significant effect on the corporate sustainability of the company.
The results showed that corporate governance in banks is able to influence bank operational risk management, liquidity risk management and market risk management. Furthermore, credit risk management at a bank with first governance rating is different from that of bank with third governance rating. Liquidity risk management is different at bank with second governance rating, and banks that have second governance ranking are also different from the bank with the first governance ranking. However, it is not found that any governance-rated bank has no difference in terms of risk management of market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk.
The results of the study indicate that the relationship between environmental sustainability and economic growth in India is positive and statistically significant. Further, it is also found that environmental sustainability has a positive and significant impact on the flow of foreign direct investment (FDI) to India. However, the positive impact of environmental sustainability on FDI is found to be insignificant.
The results of the study indicate that the long-run equilibrium relationship among the variables is found to be positive and significant. The direction and magnitude of long- run error correction mechanism are also significant. In the short-run, human capital, investment in IT, external demand and openness index are found to have a significant positive impact on software and service exports from India. The long-term equilibrium relationship between the variables, however, is found negative and insignificant.
Using the dynamic fixed effects estimates obtained for 11 countries in the subregion, dated 1996-2016, the empirical findings suggest that even though no significant positive relationship exists between democracy and economic growth, there is a positive relationship between FDI, financial development, democracy and political instability on economic growth.
Blended finance is a growing, indispensable financial method for development project, in particular for SDG, but not a panacea. The development gaps in low-income markets are huge. Investor appetite cannot be stimulated by de-risking efforts at the project level alone. Transparency, incentive control, sector and macro-level policy reforms and good governance are critical to creating markets that will unlock sustainable private sector investment. And blended insurance is another area to take a public attention in the development area which has a slightly different logical background and roles.
The results of the empirical study showed that waste separation attitude and behavioral intention toward waste separation are influenced by the external and internal stimuli. The external stimuli are the degree of acceptance of the waste separation policy and the perceived effectiveness of public policy, which, in turn, influence the intention to engage in waste separation behavior. The internal stimulus is the extent an individual accepts the policy and its perceived effectiveness. The effect of the external stimuli on waste separation behavioral intention was found to be positive.
The authors find that overall financial development (the combination of all banking, stock market, bond market, insurance sector and bond market development) has a causal relationship with economic growth in the case of BRICS economies. In fact, after relaxing the issue of cross sectional dependence, it is found that openness in financial services trade affects growth with respect to the development of financial sector. For example, the result of openness infinancial services trade turn out to be positive when financial development is measured as stock market development, Bond market development and insurance sector development. Therefore, it can be argued that in countries with higher stock, bond and insurance market development more openness in the financial services enhances economic growth, while in countries With less stock, Bond and Insurance market development the ability of financial openness to facilitate growth is feeble.
The authors find that three factors drive China's choice. First, facing the USA as the only super power in the post-Cold War era, China seeks to rely on its partners to counter US pressure. Such a motivation grows even stronger when the relative power of the USA over China increases. Second, China puts a great emphasis on promoting cooperation with its neighboring countries through the partnerships. Finally, countries that can contribute to China's modernization efforts are more likely to become its partner.
The authors find that the relationship between the distribution of legislative constraints and foreign debt is indeed curvilinear. In highly constrained developing countries in which legislative constraints outweigh the executive's veto power, the rate of change in foreign debt increases because multiple legislative veto players are likely to increase spending for their particular constituents. However, in developing countries where the policy-making power is equally distributed between the executive and the legislature, it is likely to be low because power parity hinders each institution from fueling the impulse to particularism.
The findings of the study indicate that the IT sector in India has made an enormous contribution toward the Indian economy in terms of increments in macro-economic indicators, such as national income, national income balance, the balance of payment and total employment. The success of the IT industry in the post-globalization period has changed the Indian Economy enormously as a source of economic growth, total employment and standard of living of people. The IT sector has become one of the most dynamic and vibrant sectors in India's economy. It is the single largest contributor to services exports. It has become a key source of employment creation and economic growth in India.
From the analysis of the political dynamics resulting from actors' preferences, macro conditions and given institutional rules, it is concluded that of the four possible paths, path 2 of differentiated integration, multi-tier Europe and path 3 of a continuing covert incremental integration, rather than the political path 1 of a political union or disintegration/dissolution, are the most likely to happen.
The analysis in this paper shows that IPE thoughts analogous to Western economic liberalism and economic nationalism did emerge endogenously in Korea when it faced environments similar to those in which these Western thoughts arose, albeit in ways that reflected Korea's particular situations during the times concerned. This research also confirms that "economic" ideas are in essence "political economic" ones, showing thereby that the " economic" thoughts of the Koreans in these periods were largely shaped by their political thoughts.
The underlying cause of the trade war between the world's two largest economies is political (i.e. the Sino-US hegemonic rivalry) rather than economic (e.g. US attempts to improve the trade balance with China by imposing tariffs on Chinese goods), the article contends that the full understanding of thetrade war requires close attention to the importance of power competition between the two superpowers. As China continues to threaten US hegemony in the world in general and East Asia in particular, the US-China competition for hegemony will intensify over time. A s a result, the tradewar between the USA and China may persist longer than many anticipate. Further, even if the tradeWar between the US and China ends soon, a similar type of conflict is likely to occur later as long as the S Chinese-US competition for global hegemony continues.
The findings of the study revealed that the city of Dhaka is at the highest risk of being inundated by climate change-induced flood in the near future. The study also revealed that there is a need to develop a comprehensive flood risk assessment model for the city. It was also found that the study can help the municipal authorities to identify the areas that are most at risk of flood-induced disaster.
It was found that the forest patch of Panchet forest division is suitable for elephant's resting and hiding condition. It was also found that Jaypur-i, Kalabagan, Kalangra, Taganaganj, Chandra, Chandrapur and Peardia forest patches are suitable for foraging, foraging and corridor selection. However, Jaypur forest patch is not suitable for resting and foraging due to lack of space.
The results of the study indicate that the hydrochemical types Na-Cl and Ca-Mg-HCO3 dominate the largest part of the studied area. The major cations in the studied groundwater are in the decreasing order as Na+ > Ca2+ > Mg2- > K+. The anions are also arranged in decreasing order of SO42- > Cl- > HCO3. Groundwater in the study area is generally alkaline in nature. Assessment of water samples according to exceeding the permissible limits prescribed by WHO for drinking purposes indicated that in all the samples, the concentrations of cations and anion are below the maximum acceptable level for drinking waters. The total hardness indicated that 98.66% of groundwater samples fell in the soft water category. According to SAR index, all of groundwaters belong to the excellent category and hence can be used safely for irrigation.
Mammalian herbivore species were found to be abundant in GNP. Common species were at the high abundance level and rare species at the intermediate and low abundance level. Large common species were more common than small rare species. The distributional patterns of species were similar across the three spatial areas. The probability of occurrence of common species was higher than that of rare and common species. A positive relationship was found between species abundance and the spatial distribution of species.
P. betle extract was found to be effective in inhibiting the growth of the juvenile tilapia under static exposure. It was also found that the toxicity of the extract was significantly higher than that of the control group (p<0.05). The results of the acute-lethal toxicity test showed that the extract of P. betel leaf extract was more toxic to the juvenile Tilapia (p=0.01) compared to the control (p = 0.01). However, no significant difference was found between the two groups in terms of toxicity levels.
In the study area, all of the respondents found rooftop farming beneficial though some obstacles are hindering the respondents to commence rooftop farming. Television was found to be the main source of people's knowledge of rooftop gardening. Urban waste such as plastic bags, polythene sheets, fish carats, bottles, cans and jars were found to been used for planting and household vegetable waste was used as compost. Constraints of rooftop farming were encountered in the study areas. People's perception regarding damage of roof, lack of knowledge and busy in their daily schedule were reported, thus necessary plans have to be adopted to encourage people for rooftop garden.
It has been concluded from the available literature about the effective role of women farmers in agriculture farming, livestock husbandry and dairy development, all over Pakistan especially in the rural area of all provinces. They participated in the overall majority of on-farm and off-farm activities. Due to socio-economics, cultural milieu and technological obstacles such as lack of decision-making, no availability of desired needs, very strange family behavior, lack of knowledge about modernized agriculture technologies, there are no opportunities such as training of most advanced launched technologies for the sake of better crop production, dairy and fisheries sector sustainable development, as well as the availability of microfinance to support the women farmers to make them self-dependent.
The results show that the intention of the households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes is influenced by the following factors: awareness of recycling, norms, availability of infrastructures and disposal services, housing conditions and economic benefits, information about the potential toxicity of e-waste and previous experience in recycling e-Waste. In addition, gender and marital status are also significant predictors of disposal behavior.
It was found that heavy metal concentrations in coastal sediments of Peninsular Malaysia have increased significantly in recent years. The major sources of heavy metal contamination are from agriculture, industries, urban development and other land-based activities such as mining, industry, agriculture, water treatment plants and sewage sludge. It was also found that the concentration of heavy metals in sediments has increased significantly over the past few decades.
Results indicate four out of five recreational beaches have higher potential in developing rip current. These are the coastline areas covering from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP). The results from this study demonstrate a consistent trend with field observation study as well as drowning incidents reported by media and newspapers.
Based on the existing analytical methods and research results of carbon footprint in textile industry and the existing problems, this paper will suggest the improvement measures to reduce the carbon footprint of the textile industry with life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the analysis method.
The findings reveal that the occurrence of forest birds in residential areas is higher than that in primary and secondary forests. In addition, there is a significant overlap between forested and residential areas in Terengganu. The occurrence of urban birds is higher in residential than forested areas. The study also reveals that urban birds are more likely to be found in areas with grasshoppers, locusts and crickets.
The empirical results show that value of asset, value of loan, household size, ratio of spending to income and dummy state are consistently giving similar impacts on per capita income of participants at different quantiles. However, age negatively and significantly affects per capita Income only at middle and lower quantiles but not at higher quantile of per capitaincome. The results indicate that young participants of AIM contribute to higher per capita incomes when per capita level of income is at lower and middle levels but not in higher quantiles of income distribution.
The results show that the optimal debt ratio of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area has a positive effect on the firm's profitability, while it has a negative impact on the level of financial leverage. Moreover, it is found that the optimum debt ratio is positively related to firm's size, accruals, the Eurozone's Economic Sentiment Indicator, growth domestic product (GDP) growth rate per capita and the European Central Bank (ECB) key interest rate.
The results of the study indicate that there is no significant effect of ESG scores on portfolio performance. However, there is a positive effect of the social dimension of SRI on the performance of the portfolio. The results also indicate that the impact of social dimension on the portfolio performance is higher in Turkey than in Europe.
The authors find that the predictability of stock returns differs significantly between emerging and developed markets. In particular, emerging markets are found to be less predictable than developed ones. The authors also find that there are significant differences in the nature of predictability across markets, which may be due to the fact that emerging markets tend to be more liquid, more volatile and more volatile than their established counterparts.
- The results indicate that the determinants of capital structures of the "Islamic" firms are not that different from those of non-Islamic firms established in the prior literature. However, differences arise between " Islamic" firms in developed countries and those in developing countries. Specifically, the authors find that debt ratios of "Islamic") firms are higher in countries which have both developed capital and banking sectors whereas in developing country this effect seems to be insignificant. The authors also show that some of the differences between developed and developing country firms can be explained by the presence of Muslim-majority countries in the second group.
The results show that the efficiency and productivity of IIs in Turkish capital market is in a developing trend. The efficiency analysis shows that IIs operating in Turkey are efficient and well-productive. The productivity analysis shows the efficiency of the IIs is in line with investor expectations and investor expectations.
The paper finds that the implementation of Basel IV in the EU is moving slower than anticipated, with the European Union (EU) being an exception where those standards are being implemented through the revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR 2 and Directive (CRD 5) and the updated Pillar 3 disclosure requirements, both of which are beyond the scope of this article. This is partially driven by the European Banking Authority's (EBA's) reports, recommending the full implementation of the final Basel III framework in theEU in response to the European Commission's call for technical advice in May 2018.
The results show that the Ohlson residual income model is more appropriate in explaining the market value behavior of banks listed in MENA emerging markets compared to the pooled ordinary least square (OLS) model. In addition, the results indicate that the OLS model has a better explanatory power than the panel (random effects and fixed effects) model in explaining market value of banks in the region.
The paper emphasizes the close relation between corporate citizenship, stakeholder management and CSR for development of strategies developing capital markets for ethical investments in the SDGs. From this perspective, it is wrong to limit corporate governance to concern a close focus on concern between owners and management, because there is an increased focus on the social legitimacy of the corporation in the future.
- The results show that there is a long-run cointegration among Google search queries index and return index. The results also show that the long-term relationship between investor sentiment and Tunisian stock market return is positive and significant. Meanwhile, the results indicate that investor sentiment has a strong impact on the Tunisian market returns and volatility during the period of turmoil and political instability. In addition, it is also found that the frequency of Google search has a significant impact on investor sentiment.
The results show that the DCC between Bitcoin and energy commodities is significantly different from that between the US Federal Reserve (Fed) and the European Central Bank (ECB). In particular, the authors find that the difference between the two central banks' DCCs is significantly higher in the case of short-term interest rates, while it is significantly lower in case of long-term rates. The authors also find that there is no significant difference in the impact of monetary policy measures on the Bitcoin-energy commodities relationship.
The authors document that adding a cryptocurrency has always helped the optimal portfolio to achieve a better return and risk combination. Bitcoin has been the most useful cryptocurrency in this regard, followed by Ripple and Litecoin. The authors report that the contribution of the cryptocurrencies to an optimal portfolio is dynamic and, therefore, evolves over time. The cryptocurrency crash clearly has led to reduction in the attractiveness of cryptocurrencies as investment alternatives but the dynamic characteristics of cryptocurrencies warrant their future demand in investment portfolios.
The findings of the study suggest that functional diversity on FTSE 350 boards has a positive and significant impact on their role-effectiveness. The findings also suggest that board members' gender diversity has a significant and positive impact on the effectiveness of the board. However, the findings also reveal that the impact of board gender diversity on the board's effectiveness is not significant.
The results show that the common risk-factor portfolio investors herd toward the overall market consensus by mimicking the underlying common-risk factors using cross-sectional absolute deviation (CSAD) frameworks of Chang et al. (2000) and Galariot et al.'s (2015) CSAD model. The results also indicate that the mean-variance efficiency of Fama-French five-factor model is significantly affected by the herd behavior of the investors in the portfolios.
The results indicate that SML has a positive and significant effect on the cost of capital in the stock markets of EIC. In addition, the results also indicate that the effect of SML on the stock market development is positive and statistically significant.
The authors find significant information content at earnings announcements for the sample period with average AVOL and average AAR both greater than 0.05 for the three-day window surrounding the earnings announcement. Furthermore, the authors find a positive time trend in both abnormal volume (AVOL) and AAR even after controlling for firm characteristics such as size, book-to-market and beta as well as the magnitude and direction of surprise. This implies that the informativeness of earnings has increased at Borsa Istanbul and this is not solely attributable to change in firm composition over time. The regression analysis also shows that this time trend is more pronounced for growth companies and earnings announcements with a greater magnitude of Surprise.
The results show that three significant structural breaks and four respective information regimes are identified in stocks' past returns. Across the four different information regimes, financial analysts react to past returns quite differently when making one-quarter ahead earnings forecasts. Financial analysts' full rationality is observed when the returns are between -0.3490 and 0.0634 when past two-quarter return information is used to make EPS forecasts. However, when the buy-and-hold return time window is increased to past four quarters, financialAnalysts do not show any rationality in making earnings forecasts when past four-quarter returns are used. It appears that financial analysts tend to be rational in a larger range of returns when more recent information of past returns is used.
Using a sample of German small-cap stocks and event study methodology, it is shown that mood is a positive factor in predicting the short-term cumulative abnormal stock return following earnings announcements. Negative mood significantly depresses stock return. By way of contrast, sentiment is not found to be a factor.
The authors find that Turkish pension funds generally have a negative Morningstar rating value indicating an inferior performance relative to their benchmark and attribute it to the outperformance of treasury bonds in their sample period. The authors also find that the performance of pension funds in Turkey is not consistent with the expectations of the pension fund investors.
The results show that having D&O insurance is positively associated with lower stock price crash risk. Moreover, the impact of having D & O insurance on stock price crashes is stronger in Taiwan than in China. The results also show that the influence of the corporate governance system is not significant in Taiwan.
The authors find that market capitalisation (CAP), dividend yield (DY), earnings yield (EY), growth rate (GR) and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently (YRS) are significantly related to the cross-sectional variation in trading turnover of the sampled stocks. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the two variables in the context of the London Stock Exchange.
The findings show that while the overall unadjusted annual geometric returns for SRI funds are lower than many of the benchmarks used, they provide comparable risk-adjusted returns using various measures including Sharpe and Sortino ratios. The results of the factor analysis show that market factor explains funds returns across all factor models. The authors find support for momentum proposed by Carhart's four-factor model and for size and profitability factors proposed by the Fama-French five-factor models. Finally, the cross-sectional regression results using fund characteristics show older funds, funds with more frequent trading, fund with longer-tenured managers, and larger funds perform better on average.
The authors focus on sparsing the eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance. The impact of sparsity on PNL performance of the eigensubspace is displayed.
The authors find that the performance of large-scale processes executed on a blockchain network can be improved by the use of a virtual machine that is capable of executing a large number of processes at the same time. In particular, the authors show that it is possible to increase the efficiency of the virtual machine by more than 50 per cent, and to reduce the computational cost of executing large- scale processes by over 90 per cent.
The authors find statistically significant results suggestive of magnet effect for both upper and lower limits, though the evidence is weaker for lower limits. The findings are consistent for three separate regimes spanning from 1994 to 2002, 2002 to 2013, and now till now, with the middle period showing greatest likelihood that prices fluctuate by the magnitude of price limit because of its very existence.
The authors find that the transmission of volatility is from migration policy uncertainty index (MI) to stock market for the USA. Though this direction of information transmission is not applicable for European countries. The spillover is the other way around, namely, from stock market to MIs for France and the UK. Although this sounds odd, results on cross-market spillover indicate that European market investor sentiment is highly sensitive not to their own MIs, but to US markets. This finding implies the central role of US markets in many areas of investor sentiment, even at migration policy.
The paper argues that the financial system is a network of channels and vehicles to intermediate between savers and borrowers, to enable people to share risks, and to deliver a return to owners of capital as well as a profit to intermediaries. Therefore, it is crucial to examine the externalities and the public goods that are at stake in the design and operation of today's financial system. It is also important to consider the role of accounting in this process.
The findings of this study established a symmetric long-run relationship between CPO and CPO-F prices. CPO price is found to be efficient in the long-term relationship with CPO futures (CPO-F) prices. The results of the study also show that the asymmetric relationship between the two markets is asymmetric when structural break is taken into account. In addition, the results show that CPO prices are more efficient than CPO Futures prices in the short-run.
This paper argues that the public filing of the tax returns of large companies, together with related information, will help to check tax avoidance. Increased transparency will strengthen parliamentary and public scrutiny of corporations and tax authorities and public accountability would exert public pressure on companies to clean up their practices. Public filing of tax returns would also improve competition and enhance public accountability.
The paper suggests a pragmatic policy. This includes being concerned to intervene to improve the quality of information. It also includes seeking to intervene in the wider economic, social and environmental context. Detailed suggestions in the financial regulatory sphere are suggested.
Operating profit has been found as the most important indicator affecting the financial performance among all indicators, while based on survey results, net sales level has become the most significant indicator. This reveals the fact that raising operating profit and net sales is relatively more significant than raising other financial performance indicators. Additionally, operating profit, total net sales, total asset growth rate, total assets growth rate and total equity performance indicators have been found to be the common financial performance performance indicators in the top ten financial performance indicator. Moreover, findings reveal that the average performances of continuously operating intermediary institutions during the period concerned are above the average performance levels.
The results show that the broad measure of CSR is a better predictor of firm value than a specific CSR measure. The authors also find that the impact of environmental CSR on firm value is stronger than that of social CSR. However, the effect of the social dimension is not significant.
The authors find a unidirectional causality running from the US house price to the UK house price at the country level. However, when the authors investigate the causality relationship at city level, the authors found a uni-directional relationship running from London to New York. The authors observe a dynamic conditional correlation between the US-UK and London-New York house prices.
The results show that oil spot and oil futures markets exhibit high degrees of efficiency. Economic shocks, news, innovations that arise in spot markets are quickly and fully conveyed to the futures markets. The evidence shows that most of the reaction is completed within at most half an hour. Similarly, positive or negative shocks, innovations arriving in futures markets are transmitted to spot markets quickly. The transmissions amongst futures contracts with different maturities are also fast and comprehensive, though the direction of transmission seems to be stronger from the liquid and actively traded futures contracts to longer-maturity contracts.
- It is possible to define better financial reporting in terms of the observable characteristics of the system, such as relevance, reliability, timeliness, etc. Such assessments, being dependent on context, are difficult to generalize; and it seems more attractive to assess financial reporting regimes on the basis of their observable consequences. Market phenomena being more readily observable than individual and organizational behavior, this line of reasoning leads one to the goal of financial reporting for better markets.
Sustainability is defined as a three-dimensional construct that includes environmental, social, and governance (ESG) activities that are economically, environmentally, and socially responsible. Sustainability reporting is a common practice of twenty-first century business. However, companies do not pursue similar objectives, nor do they use the same metrics to gauge their sustainability activities, making comparison among these reports difficult. The resurgence in environmental and corporate sustainability reporting (CSR) also suffers from its being merely a resurrection of the 1970s view, i.e. the disclosure appears to be viewed with little or no skepticism regarding its purpose.
Findings indicate that NPIs with low financial sophistication (measured using a composite index similar to Tan et al., 2014) consistently provided lower valuation estimates. They also provided lower estimates of equity valuation, perceived ease of understanding, and perceived credibility and trustworthiness of management. The authors also find evidence that NPI's task-specific knowledge (i.e. financial sophistication) and financial task- specific knowledge affect how readability affects judgments about equity valuation. Overall, findings indicate that investors with lower financial sophistication are less likely to be able to process financial information presented in plain English.
The findings show that diversified emerging market fund managers experience limited success in their search for alphas during 2000 and 2017 while emerging market bond fund managers fail to realize positive alphas in general. Most funds do not provide statistically significant alphas. The emerging market funds provide US investors with an alternative factor to expose their portfolios to these markets on a wide range of market and economic characteristics.
The paper finds that the major reversals of the BIST-30 index are characterized by certain unique statistical footprints. These outliers can be easily determined by fairly simple simple tools such as the Generalized Pareto distributions. The paper also finds that these outliers exhibit a significant tendency to exhibit significant turbulences in the extreme trading days.
The authors summarize several studies suggesting various perspectives on the flash crash and its causes (SEC, 2010a, b; Bouchaud et al., 2002). Furthermore, the authors highlight recently proposed and introduced improvements and regulations to reduce the risk of having similar market collapses.
The results of the case study demonstrate that this architecture can be adopted for online crowds' participation in ontology enhancement. The architecture is an addition to the existing crowdsourcing models in literature and forms basis for interrogation and enhancement by other researchers.
This paper proposes three individual models to simulate individuals and clarifies the network connection relationship among these three models. The authors map real problems to patterns, the decision-making and behavior of individuals in the crowd-intelligence network facing the real problems are represented by solving the path-finding problem in the pattern. Individual decisions are made by themselves and advices given by advisors. Monitors are in charge of individual decisionmaking instability, helping individuals behaving as their decisions. We can be quickly obtained to get the description file of the simulation process through pre-defined simulation template, a number of simulation individuals, a large number of individual networks and existing policies and strategies, and existing simulation process can be reproduced by description file.
The results show that the sponsorship network matrix of Zhihu Lives shows that knowledge providers' overall learning willingness is strong. However, the "one-to-one learning willingness" is weak, reflecting that the knowledge providers tend to learn from different knowledge providers. Through the analysis of a cross-domain knowledge exchange network, the authors find that cross- domain knowledge exchange exists in Zhihu lives. As a "liaison," "basic skill demand" links "high-end entertainment demand" with " high-end skill demand," and knowledge providers receive the common attention of knowledge providers and receive the attention of the knowledge network. Moreover, the small-world effect explains the strong learning willingness among knowledge providers to a certain extent.
This framework can step by step in the whole information dissemination process, strive for control steady-state at every level of public opinion development adaptively, avoid one size fits all and achieve better effect in multi-source information dissemination. In member mode, generate massive crowd science units becomes simple and easy to operate, users only need to change member attribute according to their requirements or set a reasonable range of attributes to generate crowd scienceunits randomly. The control method is flexible and adaptable, which can deal with a variety of potential unsteady problems rather than a single problem.
The case study shows that the IoT-based architecture design for IP protection can help users achieve the goal of defensive public access in a real-time, convenient and economical manner. The platform can record screens, capture screens, upload, deposit and authenticate documents in real time across different operating systems. The preservation safety of documents reaches a level of three.
The results of meta-analysis show that the proposed method can be used to measure the intelligence of the crowd network in a more general way than the human intelligence quotient (IQ) test, machine intelligence measurement and universal intelligence measurement.
The logical expression of netizens' political information on government response has a significant effect on the speed and effectiveness of the government's response. The emotional tendency of political text has no significant effect, but it affects the effectiveness of government response content. Moreover, the length of the response text and the level of political content have significant effects on the response speed and the effectiveness. The political network environment has a strong influence on the government response effectiveness.
The results of this study show that no significant correlation exists between bitcoin and the blockchain index. In addition, through an analysis using the GARCH model, the authors found that external shocks aggravate the volatility of logarithmic yields of bitcoin and blockchain index, and the volatility has a certain persistence. Additionally, the logariths of the blockchain Index have leverage; namely, the decline of the logARithmic yield of blockchain index has a stronger impact on the market.
The results showed that "conscientiousness" has a positive relationship with output quality. The results also showed that there is no significant difference between the TIPI-JIPI and the full version of the BF questionnaire in predicting crowd workers' performance.
Based on the proposed smart agent model, a new smart agent architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent system is proposed, where a smart agent acts as both a peer in a blockchain and a participant in a FL network at the same time. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented to prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework.
The findings of the study revealed that the proposed technique is a very effective way to develop a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment. The study also found that the technique can be applied to any organization or organization that is operating in the cyberspace. The findings of this study also revealed that it is possible to create a culture of failure-safeguarding culture in the organization using the technique.
The authors find that the internet has a significant positive effect on firm development. However, the internet does not significantly affect firm performance or innovation. The internet has negative effects on firm performance and innovation, but it does not have a significant effect on productivity. The authors also find that there are different mechanisms through which the internet affects firm development, such as firm size, firm location, firm growth rate and firm size-related factors.
The proposed crowd network simulation architecture has the following advantages: to solve the characteristics of large scale and large number of populations of crowd network, this paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality.
This paper provides a comprehensive set of guidelines for effective mobile devices crowdtesting methodology, which can be used by developers to test their mobile apps on a larger number of devices and OS versions.
The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone).
This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of crowd system and the crowd system supporting platform. Service internet is an important support for improving the service quality of modern service industry and improving the level of scientific research on group intelligence in the era of scientific and technological revolution.
This paper presents the usage of the variational inference model for collaborative filtering recommendation. After introducing the KL annealing and Free Bits methods, the basic model effect is improved. Compared with the traditional method, the fixed noise-adding method will reduce the robustness of the model. Meanwhile, the sampling of the probability distribution obtains different hidden vectors each time. Based on this tendency to obtain different output data, the occurrence of overfitting is reduced. When the amount of data is relatively large in the actual application scenario, the probability distributions of the fitted actual data can better represent the user and item data.
The results of the review show that the existing works can be divided into three categories: diffusion characteristics analysis; diffusion dynamics analysis; and diffusion stability analysis. Among the first category, Masahiro et al. (2009) discussed how to extract the most influential nodes on a large-scale social network in (Kimura et al., 2007). Later, many methods were proposed to mine top-k influential nodes in mobile social networks, e.g. the Shapley value-based Influential Nodes algorithm in Narayanam and Narahari (2011) and content-based improved greedy algorithm in Shahsavari and Golpayegani (2017) which decreased the total amount of computations. The second category focuses on analyzing the dynamic diffusion process over different kinds of networks using different mathematical models.
Through comparison experiments, it is found that the proposed algorithm RegBoost can achieve similar performance to GBDT. However, RegBoost divides the training data recursively during the sequential construction of the weak predictors, resulting in an exponential decrease in the number of weak predictor. Therefore, the algorithm is currently not suitable for applications with too few data. It deserves further study.
The results of the study show that the effect of online review on purchase intention of consumers is influenced by the online reviews' quantity, which is positively correlated with the purchase intention. However, the impact of this information on purchase intentions will be different which also depending on the type of commodities. In addition, the risk perception of online purchase is also a psychological variable that affects consumer purchase behavior.
The results show that the ecological structure of crowd network is the way of crowd unit time and space distribution, information exchange and resource utilization. It is a crowd unit structure network which can be effectively controlled and constructed. In crowd ecosystem, each unit continuously establishes or deletes associations to meet the needs of the development of ecological structure, and the relatively unsuitable association structure is gradually eliminated in the development processes. This study reveals the current development stage of network ecological structure and predicts the future development direction.
The proposed method is able to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple-step classifications when gold answers are not available. It also serves as a proxy to help task requesters to assess the quality of the crowdsourced results when they already have some gold answers, such as piloting specific multiple- step task design before putting it online for a larger scale.
According to the equation of business entropy, it can be found that when the category of crowd subject is 1, the value of the business entropy of crowd network is 0, which exactly corresponds to a single intelligent subject. However, when the professional category of the crowd subject obeys uniform distribution, its value is the maximum. By combining these two factors, the multi-factor business entropy quantization (MFBEQ) model is proposed. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks are analyzed in detail. Finally, the improved k-means clustering algorithm is introduced to cluster the intelligent subjects in the network so that the entropy of the network can reach optimum.
The simulation results show that the model is superior with high accuracy and anti-aggression. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations.
The authors demonstrate the effectiveness of the AISCN approach on two crowd networks, including bee colony and supply chain, to demonstrate the applicability of the approach. The authors find that the shared information has a positive impact on the performance of the crowd network.
Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed CoF-MIDR algorithm. The results show that the number of infected nodes in the network is significantly reduced, so blockage based on community structure can further reduce infected nodes. In addition, a dynamic blocking strategy is adopted to expose fewer people to the rumor information, so as to reduce the influence scope of rumors as much as possible.
The proposed CBDMM approach can provide a unified and effective way to analyze the GSS data sets. The results generated by these data mining analyses can be interpreted and visualized, and then be stored as knowledge. By using the proposed approach, constructive knowledges regarding the key key individuals' life happiness were extracted from the CGSS data set.
The results show that the proposed method is able to detect abnormal data effectively and accurately in a large amount of monitoring data. The intelligent level of the smart articles can be improved by using the new method.
The authors propose a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of CQA expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. More specifically, the authors categorize the profile of content into four types: textual features, non-textual features, thread features and topic statistics, while the profile profile of users is categorized as question answering (QA) features and non-QA features. Based on an elaborate classification of the various types of expert recommendation approaches, future researchers can get a better understanding of possible state-of-the-art approaches.
Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-self. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital- selfs also can interact with each other in the digital world, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- Selfs. As a core of rim chains network, theDigital-self plays an important role on the evolution of the Rim chain network. Just as individuals in the real world are constantly changing, thedigital-self will change over time. In the process of change, individuals will form new social relationships, so in rim chain networks, the Digital- Self will form links in the new circle. The digital-Self is the core in the Rim Chain Network.
This paper clarifies the definition of the knowledge payment concept and analyzes the differences of knowledge payment business models. Then, it divides the existing research literature into three main parts according to the research objects, namely, knowledge supplier, knowledge demander and knowledge payment platform. From these three perspectives, this paper summarizes and evaluates the key research issues in detail to provide important references and directions for future research.
The authors propose the rules and methods of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network to realize comprehensive, real, correct and synchronous projection in cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion space. The authors establish a general model in terms of structure of structure and structure of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles in the crowd intelligence network. In addition, the authors build the mental model and interconnected model of various Digital- selfs, thus laying a solid foundation for the theory of modeling, simulation, intelligent transactions, evolution and stability of Crowd Intell Network system.
The results show that the feeling of injustice has a significant positive effect on network social mobilization, and anger and resentment have a significant mediating role in the relationship between the felt of injustice and network social mobilization.
The results show that the proposed epidemic model can be used to model the information diffusion process in crowd intelligence networks, and the proposed model provides important guidelines on the design of efficient and effective mechanisms to manage the information sharing and network evolvement of suchrowd intelligence networks.
This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established. The models are mainly divided into several aspects: atomic model, contract structure model,contract state model and contract execution model. These models illustrate the implementation of smart contract form different aspect.
According to the current findings and achievements as the building blocks of the introduced solution, it is expected that the proposed concept could extend borders of the researches in the field to increase efficacy of human-machine synergy in performing computing tasks. The authors anticipate that this concept can provide unprecedented functionality and performance for human-cooperated processing and computing procedures in the near future.
Based on the application range of the algorithm, a map matching based on priority rule (MMPR) is designed and compared. The experimental results verify that the accuracy ratio based on the priority ratio-based algorithm is higher, the accuracy of the proposed algorithm exceeds 98.1 per cent.
The experimental results show that the model proposed in this paper has a significant improvement in classification performance compared with the traditional LSTM model, which verifies the effectiveness of the model.
The intelligent transaction is mainly reflected in the intellectualization of transaction subject, transaction object and transaction process. Focusing on the modes and rules of intelligent transaction in crowd intelligence networks, this study also innovatively proposes the concept on the division of transactions, and further uses this concept to deconstruct the connotation of "crowd." The authors divide the mode of intelligent transactions into four categories, which are single-demand- single-supply mode (S-S), single-Demand-multi-supplies mode (M-M), multi- demand-single-Supply mode(S-M) and multi-demand - multi-supplied mode(M-S). Furthermore, this paper discusses the general and special transaction rules for different transaction modes and provides further illustrations in combination with representative examples.
The paper finds that crowdsourcing for search engines is an interesting and promising field of research and practice. However, there is a need to consider location-based crowdsourcing, mining crowdsourced data and other related issues. In addition, there are some challenges of crowd-powered search engines.
The results of this survey show that VV&A is a significant means to improve the credibility of simulations, especially during large-scale simulations. It is successfully affirmed in various studies of large- scale simulations to accredit and validate simulations results. Moreover, it can also assist in reducing development and integration risk.
The authors found that the majority of the selected papers focus on the motivational effects of gamification design on basic human needs. The authors also found that gamification is a promising design approach that, when designed mindfully, can tap into human needs and thus attract more users to use information technology.
It was found that: the routes of Pabna municipality were patronized by the illegal taxis very actively. All classes of urban dwellers use this mode for their daily transportation. The economic conditions and the lack of employment opportunity are the main causes to engage the commuters with this informal job. It ensures a stable job for both educated and uneducated people, which allows them to accommodate their families. But increasing number of taxis might be reducing the trips of the drivers. Commuters were very satisfied with the door-to-door service system of these informal taxis. The surplus illegal taxis create pressure on traffic management system by introducing road accident, traffic congestion and traffic rules' violations.
The framework can detect human HR from a distance under various circumstances including during daily conversation and is robust even with body swing and head motions allowing the users to be at ease at ease. The HR value can be calculated in real-time and a heartbeat curve can be produced at the same time. A low-cost but efficient BSS method is applied in the framework to verify the correctness of signal processing part. The framework has also been validated on data set to verify its robustness and accuracy.
From the experimental results, it can be concluded that the generalization ability of the ensemble algorithm is stronger than that of the linear regression algorithm. At the same time, adjusting the parameters of integration strategy will have a great impact on prediction results and modeling time.
This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process. In addition, a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders as well as distributing their work to both developers and crowd testing. Besides, the AskCrowd2Test platform also builds a crowd-powered knowledge base (CPKB) regarding storing incompatibility issues and relevant solutions that were acquired while performing the test.
An experiment shows that the comment target extraction method proposed in this paper is meaningful. It can help users make more comprehensive purchase decisions from the purchased product, and the businesses can improve the product based on the user's feedback.
In this paper, the authors summarized the key results of studies (Jiang et al., 2014a, 2014b and (Cao et al. 2016) to illustrate how the graphical EGT can be used to model information diffusion. It was shown that users with different number of followers can have different influences, and thus, information diffusion over social networks is similar to biological evolution.
The results reveal that theta beta ratio (TBR) and alpha gamma ratio (AGR) carry information about elderly's response time (RT) in response to attentional tasks. Additionally, the results suggest that the most representative period of brain activity during executive function (the function that is activated by performing Stroop test) is a 500ms duration starting right after cue onset. Then, the authors exploit these findings to predict subject's attention level which is measured using repeatable battery for the assessment of neurophysiological status (RBANS).
The results obtained by biclustering algorithm are compared with those obtained by other methods and it is found that the proposed method is able to extract useful rules from labeled data with a high degree of accuracy and interpretability. Moreover, it is also found that it is possible to extract rules from the data with the help of bic Lustering algorithm.
Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the expected accumulative reward quality (EAR) achieved by the agent during an intelligent test. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly.
The simulation results show that the non-parametric approach outperforms the parametric techniques thus suits well for estimation task in PWSN. Noise pollution monitoring is used as an illustrative example; however, same estimation techniques are applicable to other applications such as road traffic monitoring, air pollution monitoring and CO2 monitoring.
The authors demonstrate the potential of this research direction and discuss its implications for software engineering education. By analysing the collected data set to reflect students' programming skills, collaboration and mood stability, the authors demonstrate how software development behaviour data can be used to assess students' Programming and Soft Skills. The findings show that students' software development activity trajectory data reflect their programming and soft skill development over time.
The basic distribution reveals that e-participation has aroused wide attention of scholars. The USA ranks first in the field. Author and institution cooperation networks with less internal cooperation are sparse. Through keywords analysis, the authors found that "social media" with 196 cited times appeared for the first time as a keyword in 2010, followed by "Facebook" and "twitter" appearing in 2012 and 2013 successively. Simultaneously, "Twitter" is a burst term that has emerged in recent years. Therefore, e- participation through social media is gradually becoming the research focus.
Three sources of negative externalities in the sharing economy were identified, namely, sharing of products or services, constraint mechanisms and restraint mechanisms. It was found that modes with less sharing and more relaxed constraint mechanisms, such as online vehicles and network short-term rentals, or modes with higher sharing nature and stricter restraint mechanisms,such as shared bikes, both promoted negative externality. The authors further proposed corresponding governance strategy.
The experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed BDMM approach. Furthermore, since the results generated by different analysis are all regarding the difference between male and female disability population, the results mutually proofed each other. For instance, all the three analyses have shown that: there are more female population who are at school than that of male population; the female population are more likely to be married than male population, and male population need more employment assistance than female population, etc.
COI is the process in which enterprises crowdsource users to participate in open innovation tasks on Web 2.0 platforms to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. The users and the enterprise expert are the two key participants in COI's value-co-creation mechanism. In specific analysis, enterprises first choose the form of crowdsourcing and define task requirements, then, through crowdsourcing platforms, call on users to participation in product innovation tasks. Next, users respond to enterprises' invitation by generating and submitting their own ideas, while simultaneously browsing, browsing and voting, rating and commenting on their fellow users' Ideas. At this stage, users contribute their technologies, abilities and ideas. Then, enterprise experts scrutinize and give feedback on users' idea to identify high-quality ideas, and at the same time, organize and coordinate activities and communication among users and enterprise to stimulate communication and enhance relationships.
Based on the intelligent measure model, the authors can quantify the intelligence of an agent by calculating the EAR achieved by the agent during an intelligent test. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. The authors proved that there are correlations between the reward quality and the two other factors.
Crowdsourcing in recent years has emanated as a fresh area of study for research. Because of its uniqueness, various researchers and practitioners have found it to be a very interesting and rewarding aspect to explore. It is seen as a new and dynamic web-enabled service platform which is very suitable for using the tremendous potentials of the people via the internet. It may appear like that the idea of crowdsourcing is simply twenty-first-century advancement.
The authors summarize and analyze some major theoretical conceptions about KM. Then the authors give a comprehensive review about the approaches for designing the KM system.
The results of this study indicate that the crowd density at Al-Masjid an-Nabawi is approximately 3390 people/km2, which is reasonable and provides a reassured margin of safety that could accommodate even a higher number of visitors; however, this study must be conducted on a regular basis to identify the scope of further modifications and capacity enhancement.
The literature review shows that collective intelligence appears in many fields such as public decisions, voting activities, social networks and crowdsourcing. Crowd science mainly focuses on the basic principles and laws of the intelligent activities of groups under the new interconnection model. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential, to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent.
Comparing with existing simulation methods, the proposed framework enjoys several sound improvements: Simulation syntax and semantic are all settled under this framework by templates, especially interface templates. As simulations are separated by two-level federations, physical and logical simulation environment are considered separately. The definition of simulation execution is flexible. When developing new simulations, recompile is not necessary, which can acquire much more reusability. As reflective memory is adopted as share memory within given simulation execution in this framework, population can be perceived by all federates, which greatly enhances the scalability of this kind of simulations.
The results of the experiment show that the MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the uncertain neighbors' collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm (UNCF).
The results show that with the improvement of transaction efficiency, the level of division of labor first ascends, then descends and may finally ascends again. The improvement of the transaction efficiency decreases the costs of buying transaction services, which makes middlemen able to put more resource to produce the service with highest profit. However, with the further improvement ofTransaction efficiency, there is no need to buy service from the market for middlemen. The services they produce themselves can satisfy their demand. Thus, thelevel of thedivision of labor descends. When transaction efficiency reaches a higher value, a lower commodity equilibrium price or a lower price gradient may make middlemen start specialized product again for help them make more profit.
First, the internet platform companies have a high market concentration, but do not have obvious market power, the industry still maintain a high competitive vitality. The internet platform enterprises have shown a scale effect and co-existence. The situation is a case to crack the Marshall Conflict. At the same time, as related issue closely to the market forces, this article also briefly discussed the welfare losses, according to Harberger's (1954) research framework. Compared with the existing literature, this paper found that the monopoly structure may do not cause welfare losses. The empirical results of competition efficiency and scale effect are contrary to the traditional theory.
The authors use the full range of information to design MCIN-ASA participants, which greatly enhance the realism and credibility between enterprises, between enterprises and consumers and between consumers and commodities in cyberspace. The authors establish the personalized portal for enterprises and individuals to enhance the convenience during production process and the process of consumer spending. The point-to-point precision interconnection between enterprise and consumer personalized portals, intelligent transactions, process tracing and credible technology based on the block chain enhance the synergies operating quality between enterprises.
The results indicate that a division of geographical regions is stable only if the OSN users in these divided regions show a strong geo-homophily; people in each region prefer communicating with others in the same region more than those in other regions, and the Dirichlet process (DP) provides a viable way of modeling the distribution of OSNs users across offline regions. Moreover, the proposed prediction models have a high prediction accuracy in character.
The results show that the blockchain can be used to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which is capable of sharing data between end nodes, gateways, network servers, application servers and customer servers. The blockchain can also be used as a trustless platform for the sharing of data among end nodes.
By considering user's context information, the proposed smart pillbox system is expected to produce more meaningful reminders that occur at opportune moments and on appropriate devices, which may improve medication adherence in comparison to pure time-based reminders. Moreover, this argumentation-based approach can generate argumentative explanations to classification results and reminding decisions, which makes the reasoning process more transparent and interpretable.
For the extraction of TIMEX, the authors find that well-formatted expressions are easy to recognize, and the main challenge is the relative TIMEX such as "three days after onset". It also shows the same difficulty for normalization of absolute date or well formatted duration, whereas frequency is easier to be normalized. For the identification of DocTimeRel, the result is fairly well, but the relation is difficult to identify when it involves a relative timEX or a hypothetic concept.
Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation of WEF consumption distribution in the city and simulates the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model. However, the authors have just proposed a framework for agent analysis in urban WEf consumption in this paper.
The authors present new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling.
By learning from human decisions which play against the artificial intelligence (AI) powered crowdsourcing task allocation approach from this unique data set, the PNRN has been shown to be able to form efficient multi-round complex task allocation strategies. Through extensive competition with the existing AI approach in the platform, the strategy learnt by P NRN from human players has been able to match the performance of (Yu et al., 2013) which has previously beat human players more than 23 times.
Based on the quantitative study model provided in this paper, the authors can moderate the relationships between aged parents and their adult children. This effort is meaningful in enhancing the quality of life and emotional well-being for senior citizens.
Each participant has his own holographic personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals.
The research framework of CSE mainly concerns issues including: research on the modeling and simulation of crowd cyber system; theoretical research in the structure of the crowd cyber eco-system; theory on the intelligent transactions of crowd Cyber System; research on intelligence measurement methods of crowd Cyberspace; theory in the evolution of crowdCyber System; and theoretical research on stability of crowd cyberspace.
The main contributions of this paper are as follows: design a generic model for the basic and supply-demand information of the nodes based on cyber-anima; propose an ADI-based multi-agent architecture for the nodes of the MCIN to drive their spontaneous trading-styled interactions; present a novel node addressing method based on six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for MCIN node addressing; develop a prototype of a novel E-commerce platform based on MCIN modeling platform to prove the effectivenessness of the modeling of MCIN.
The authors found that the authors' methodology succeeded to keep the participants' attention active and continuous during this discussion session by measuring participants' cyber-physical attention. Also, by measuring keywords cyber- physical linkage, the authors find that the keywords in online and real-world are correlated and somehow linked. But discussion contents were somehow related but not completely the same. By measuring cyber-Physical discussion flow, it was found that after 5 min, the number of views (online) increases.
Crowd wisdom assists, or even partly substitutes, humans to make judgments, which could be well applied to manufacturing, where plenty of judgments and decisions are made. Information, in the forms of various data, may be seemingly unrelated or useless, but actually it tells a lot when aggregated, which the authors proved with several real cases.
The results show that the proposed method is able to extract a large amount of keywords from MOOC resources. Moreover, it is possible to use human knowledge to learn a classifier by supervised machine learning methods. In addition, a semi-supervised learning framework is designed to test whether using less labeled data is practical.
The results of the research model indicate that game elements have a positive effect on human motivation, which may, in turn, influence user participation in crowdsourcing projects. In addition, task complexity has a moderating effect on the relationship between game elements and user participation.
The authors found that the proposed approach can generate instances of TMT that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT. Moreover, the generated instances were found to be more accurate and more reliable than the alternatives.
The results show that the job search journey of the Portuguese Millennial generation consists of a series of contact points with the organisations where they collect information that is required to enable them to submit their application and eventually accept a job offer. The primary use of communication channels used by the Millennials in their job search process is the internet, followed by social media, and finally, the application process.
The findings suggest that the hotshot crew's sensemaking was repeatedly triggered by the volatile and constantly changing weather conditions, and they were unable to move into the latter stages of sensemaking, especially retention. The constant reinvention of the wildland fire environment trapped them in "trigger traps," which, in turn, led to the collapse of their sensemaking and ultimately their deaths.
As expected, the results showed that organisational practices of competences development (training, individualised support and functional rotation), perceived internal employability and affective commitment all have a significant and negative effect on turnover intentions. Exceeding expectations was the finding that, in the presence of perceived internal employmentability and Affective commitment as mediators in series, the relationship between organizational practices of competence development and turnover intentions was no longer significant.
The results of the study suggest that digital marketing has a positive influence on recruitment effectiveness, as it has a significant impact on the recruitment process, as well as on the quality of the individuals that the company hires, their initial performance and the training required.
Premature frailty and geriatric conditions were associated with multimorbidity among people living in the hostel (p<0.05). The mean age of the sample was 66.5 years, with a mean age range of 60.5 to 85 years (p=0.01). There was a significant difference in frailty scores between men and women (p <0.001) and between older and younger people (p = 0.001). Women were more likely to be frail than men, and older people were at higher risk of frailty than younger people. There were no significant differences in the mean scores between the two groups on the frailty scales. The mean scores on the geriatric assessment scale were significantly higher for older people than young people.
The CPFQ score was significantly correlated with the BDI score, indicating that the higher the self-response scores on the CPF Q, the higher was the correlation between the two scales. The correlation between BDI scores and cognitive impairment scores was not significant.
The results showed that burnout syndrome was highly prevalent among medical students at Jazan University. The mean score of burnout was 4.8 (95% CI 3.2-6.2) among the students. The most common factors associated with burnout were lack of academic achievement, lack of support from teachers, lack-of-supportive environment and lack of time for self-care.
Current unmarried, lower-educated patients as well as those having sleep disorders were more likely to have depression. Depression was highly prevalent among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan region, Saudi Arabia. The prevalence of depression ranged between 23.3 and 83.5 per cent.
The prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children was developed from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation. It was found that the rule was a good predictor of ASD diagnosis in children with a mean age of 7.5 years (p<0.001).
The results showed that there were no significant differences in depression, anxiety, resilience and health-related quality of life among the groups of patients. However, there were significant differences between patients receiving living-donor (LD) kidney transplants and those receiving cadaveric-transplanted organs (p<0.05).
- This case illustrates the necessity for providers to consider using other withdrawal withdrawal protocols than the CIWA-Ar protocol. The patient's delirium worsened as the protocol was implemented.
The results showed that weekly group psychotherapy combined with yoga practice over a 12-week period did make a stress decrease not statistically significant, in opposition to the findings of Lin et al. (2015). Their findings were consistent with the study of Wolever et al., (2012), showing that a psychological program, significantly improved perceived stress perception.
Patients who received personalized TMS were more likely to report a significant reduction in headache pain (p<0.05) and a significant increase in overall quality of life (p=0.01) compared to those who received conventional TMS. In addition, patients who received customized TMS reported significantly higher levels of neocortical hypoactivity (p <0.001) than those who did not receive personalized T MS. No significant differences were found between the two groups in terms of the impact of the genotyping process.
Chlorpromazine was used in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder type 1. The patient developed a pulmonary embolism (PE) associated with the use of chlorpromazine. The PE was found to be associated with an increase in total platelet count and a decrease in total hemoglobin.
The WIN-Study showed that the mindfulness-based mindfulness training had a significant and positive effect on the resilience/symptom load of individuals with high work-related stress levels. In addition, the experience of outdoor activities had a positive impact on both the sense of coherence and the perceived level of self-efficacy. The results also showed that participants with a higher level of resilience were more likely to continue the mindfulness training.
The results show that depressive symptomatology was significantly higher among the female students than among the male students (p<0.05). The prevalence of depressive symptoms was higher among female students with low health status than among those with high health status (p=0.01). The most common depressive symptoms were sleep disturbance, sad mood, decrease/increase in appetite/weight, concentration, self-criticism and psychomomotor agitation/retardation until suicidal ideation, with a different severity depending on the depressive status.
The results of this study show that accounting conservatism is positively related to uncertainty in business environments. In addition, the results show that the use of conservative methods in financial statements is positively associated with the level of uncertainty in the business environment.
The results show that internal CG mechanisms such as board size, board composition, board independence, board diversity and board independence have a positive and significant effect on ICE. Moreover, the results also show that relational capital has a significant and positive effect on the ICE of IBs of OIC countries.
The results of the study show that the most important factors influencing CSR disclosures in Nepalese banks are: corporate citizenship, corporate social responsibility (CSR), environmental responsiveness, social responsibility and corporate citizenship. The results also show that there is a significant difference in the level of CSR disclosure among the banks in terms of the importance of these factors.
The results of the study show that the annual report is the most important source of FLI disclosure in Bangladesh, followed by annual report quality and corporate governance attributes. The results also show that firm size and firm age are the main determinants of FLID. However, firm size is not a significant determinant of the FLI.
The results show that managerial ownership has a significant positive effect on bank value in both conventional and Islamic banks. However, the effect of managerial ownership is stronger in Islamic banks than in conventional banks. It is also found that the interest alignment effect is stronger for conventional banks than for Islamic banks, whereas the entrenchment effect is weaker for Islamic bank.
The results of the conversations support the literature review of the article. There is consistency between what the participants contributed and the previous studies interpreted. This consistency provides results that the relation between accounting and finance is vital. It can be described as a complementary relationship.
The results of this test show that innate accruals quality has a positive effect on future market value based on equity and earnings. The existence of this positive relationship reflects an increase in the quality of accrual quality to improve the ability of investors to predict the future prospects with high accuracy in the future period in the period. Dividend policies strengthen the positive influence of innate accrueals quality, which is significant to future market values based on earnings and equity.
The results of the study indicate that corporate governance and ownership structure have a significant impact on corporate performance. The results also indicate that the MCCG (2007) has a significant positive impact on firm performance. However, there is no significant relationship between board size and corporate performance post-MCCG 2007. In addition, the results indicate that ownership structure does not have any significant influence on the performance of listed companies.
The results show that the audit committee's independence and competence have a positive and significant impact on the company's investment decision-making in Bahraini-listed companies. Moreover, the results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between the level of audit committee independence and the investment decision of the company.
The results of the study show that the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention is positive and significant. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between audit integrity and the organizational commitment for fraud prevention.
This study finds that moral hazard, lack of proper monitoring, inadequate collateral and nepotism have significant positive impact on raising NPLs in Bangladesh. Besides, the social and cultural contexts (differentials of power and influence), political coalition (catch me if you can), psychological rationalization ( everyone is getting rich) and law enforcement context kindle non-performing loans (NPLs) in the banking sector of Bangladesh.
This study finds that sole adoption of IFRS can not ensure intercompany comparability of operating performance of financial reports because of methodological diversities in financial reporting. Adoption of principle-based IFRS does not guarantee intercompany consistency in the application of the same accounting methods.
The results of the study indicate that earnings persistence and earnings power partially influence investors' equity valuation quite significantly where earnings persistence affects equity valuation negatively, whereas the earning power affects it positively. The variability of equity valuation caused by earnings persistence is 17.3 percent. On the contrary, 82.7 percent was caused by external factors.
The findings of this study revealed that the training programs for employees in a particular organisational environment (ETP) were found to be the most suitable to develop a whistleblowing culture in Sri Lanka, followed by the safety of whistleblowers (SWP) and the climate and processes available for whistleblowers (OPP). The findings of the study also revealed that whistleblowing policies available in the OPP were the least suitable to build a bulletproof whistleblowing environment. The study also found that the SWP and OPP components were not suitable for building a whistleblOW environment in a developing nation.
The results indicate that sustainability disclosure is positively related to earnings informativeness (EI). Further, it is also found that there is a complementary relationship between SD and EI. In addition, the results also indicate that the relationship between sustainability disclosure and earnings information quality is stronger for firms with high-quality financial information.
The results show that the adoption of IFRS has a positive and significant effect on the value relevance of financial reporting in the DMBs of Nigeria. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the effect of adoption of the IFRS on the financial reporting quality (FRQ) in terms of credit relevance after mandatory IFRS adoption.
The results of the survey presented in this study confirm that some but not all types of organizational ethical climate significantly affect the perceived workplace bullying in audit firms. The self-interest (in egoist criterion), social responsibility (in benevolence criterion) and firm rules and procedures types (in principle criterion) of ethical climate are positively correlated with workplace bullying, which consists of both work-related and person-related elements. The friendship and team interest (both in benevolent criterion) types of ethical climates prove to be negatively correlated with the perceived bullying in general. The study also finds that female trainee auditors are more sensitive in perceiving workplace bullying than males, the leader-subordinate pairs of different gender are more likely to perceive all the three categories of bullying than those of the same gender, larger firms are perceived to incur more person- related bullying than smaller ones, and it is more sensitive for female trainees than males.
The findings of this study indicate that the AGC's role in ensuring an effective internal Shariah auditing among Bahrain's Islamic banks is to review internal audit in ensuring adequate supervision of those banks, which includes internal auditing is in place and that these controls are functioning properly. The AGC is also to monitor the execution of strategies set by the management. It also has to have adequate knowledge of the IFI's business and the supervised environment while making its vital inquiries regarding internal control system. It needs to acknowledge the findings of both external and internal auditors as well as assess the arising issues and problems. The committee also functioned as a reviewer to the accounting practices and audit plan, particularly the audit assessment's nature and scope.
The research found that Libyan oil companies use more TMAPs than CMAPs. This study concluded that different MAPs are used by Libyan companies. Furthermore, the results indicate a significant progress to consider the implementation and the use of CMAP. In addition, this study found that CMAP's are more beneficial than traditional MAPs although the respondents do not have enough knowledge about CMAPS.
Based on the quantitative and qualitative analysis of the feedback of the participants, it was found that the participants were highly satisfied with the teaching approach adopted by the author in teaching the FRA and FRCM courses. The qualitative analysis revealed that the students were satisfied with their learning experience in the accounting courses.
The results show that the market reaction to the earnings announcement is similar to that of the announcement made during and after the trading hours. Further, the results reveal that the earnings surprise does not influence the decision to make an early announcement of earnings. However, the market response to the announcement of the good news is significantly different from that of a negative news.
The results of the study show that the mean values for NPLs, profitability, efficiency ratio, capital and income diversification were 461, 2.05, 4736, 7.77 and 7.37, respectively. The standard deviation for non-performing loans was 4.57, with a minimum value of -2.48 and a maximum value of 20.24. The minimum value for profitability was -5.02 and the maximum value was 23.00. In the case of bank capital, the minimum and maximum values were 0.97 and 0.21, respectively, while the standard deviation was 3.5 and 3.14, respectively for operating efficiency and capital. However, the mean value of operating efficiency was 0.43 and the minimum value was 106.21. The mean values of profitability, capital, operating efficiency, profitability and capital were 4.61, 678, 605, 705 and 6.37 respectively.
The results indicate that Basu's conservatism measure is capable of capturing the differences in conservatism following earnings restatements. Specifically, the results show that the firm-year measure (C-score) is able to capture significant differences in the conservatism of firms that have overstated their earnings in their original reports and those that have reduced their earnings following the restatement announcements.
The findings of this research are: the size of audit committee, profitability rate and type of industry do not influence ICD in LQ45-indexed companies; the frequency of audit committees meeting and company size positively influence I CD; leverage level negatively influences ICD; and only 47.1 percent of the companies averagely conduct ICD. It shows that the level of ICD is still relatively low.
The results show that the proposed algorithm is able to detect anomalies in financial statements with a high degree of accuracy and precision. It is also possible to rate the credit worthiness of a firm's financial quarter using an anomaly detection method. This extension of understanding enables the authors to rank the creditworthiness of each company in each quarter.
It was found that the role expectations of management accountants varies significantly across the business sectors in the sample. It was also noted that there is an increasing demand for contemporary management accounting skills in Sri Lanka. There is a certain level of recognition for the national management accounting body, but unless the management accounting practices are regulated, the transparency and creditability of management accounting is unlikely to be enhanced.
This study proves that the performance of a company can be analysed using just a few factors or by focusing on fewer ratios, which is cost effective with lesser time as well as obtaining more precise results that have least duplication of calculations. Using principal component analysis (PCA), the study reduced the number of variables for any further regression analysis from 17 variables to 3 variables. Likewise, thenumber of ratios that are important have also been reduced with only significant ratios for each principal component now being used to analyse the financial performance of these companies.
The results of the study show that intellectual capital drives the choice of an asset diversification strategy in banks. This is driven by the human capital and structural capital base of the banks. Income diversification on the other hand is negatively influenced by intellectual capital, suggesting that intellectually-rich banks prefer a focus strategy to diversification in terms of their revenue model. The human capital base is the main factor motivating the choice for strategy focussed on revenue diversification.
The findings of the paper suggest that the use of multiple logic within microfinance institutions, i.e. financial vs social logic, could pose some serious management dilemmas within the field. It is argued that the interaction of financial logic with social logic could lead to mission drifting or abandoning poverty alleviation as the primary mission of IMFIs.
The test results show that student grades in the project class and control class are different. Although the average score obtained by students is low, students in project class result higher score of cognitive abilities than the control class. Besides, through EBL, the students do not only get cognitive competencies, but also entrepreneurial competencies which are social and functional competencies.
The results show that the quality of CG has a positive and significant impact on the COE. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between internal and external CG and cost capital and cost of debt. On the other hand, there is no significant relationship between audit committee independence and the cost capital.
Based on the test of hypothesis in this research, marketability has a positive effect on profitability. It demonstrates that sharia banks in Indonesia currently have lower profiitability caused by lower marketability. Mediators of profit-loss sharing are the supplement in analyzing market and profitability elaborated under stewardship theory. They have indirect effects on the relationship between marketability and profitability through mudharabah and musharakah.
The results of the study revealed that board size, board independence and board meeting influence CER in Nigeria. The study also found that there is no significant relationship between risk management committee and CER. However, the study found that board independence has a positive relationship with CER, while board meeting has a negative relationship with it.
The results show that GCG has a positive and significant influence on corporate value. Stock return and financial performance have a moderating effect on the relationship between GCG and corporate value, and stock return has a negative influence on the influence of GCG.
The results indicate that short-maturity debt and institutional ownership are positively associated with conditional and unconditional accounting conservatism. In addition, the authors also find that institutional ownership has a positive and significant effect on conditional conservatism, whereas the effect of institutional ownership on unconditional conservatism is not significant.
The findings of this study verify that corporate boards with diligent independent directors are associated with lower discretionary accruals. Thus, results confirm our expectations that the diligence of independent directors plays an important role in improving corporate boards' performance in a business environment.
The results of the study indicate that the use of financial derivatives is positively related to tax avoidance activities in companies within the ASEAN region. The results also indicate that country's tax environment has a moderating effect on the relationship between financial derivatives and tax avoidance. Specifically, the results of this study show that in a country with a competitive tax environment, companies can enjoy various tax facilities, such as the income from overseas will not be taxed anymore, the dividend received by the shareholders is not taxable and the company also has flexibility to compensate their fiscal losses.
The result shows that the investment efficient firms' R&D and FCF are value relevant to the overall sample. The findings of the study indicate that the information content (R&D=2=0.46) of the mature stage is higher than that of the growth phase and stagnant stage. The market does not respond to the value relevance of R&d andFCF at the stagnant stage, but the market reacts more to their book values rather than their earnings. The growth firms pay a high level of dividends, therefore, the book value of earnings becomes significant. In the end, the market responds more to the book values than to their earnings and book values.
The results show that audit opinion, audit findings and the speed of conducting the follow-up audit recommendations have a significant influence on the disclosure of financial statements on local governments' websites. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between audit opinion and financial statements disclosure on local government's websites.
The results of the study indicate that the audit report lag is affected by the company characteristics and the auditor characteristics. The results also show that the number of days from the closing date of the company's book book until the auditor makes an opinion regarding the firm's financial statements is the most significant factor affecting the audit lag.
The results show that the audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion have a significant effect on the audit opinion with the paragraph of going concern, whereas the opinion shopping does not have any significant influence on the opinion opinion.
The research shows that simultaneous auditor switchings affect the abnormal return as the dependent variable; and partial auditor switching, particularly the cross-up (CU) auditor switching affects the abnormal returns. Big 4 to Big 4 (B4B) lateral auditor switching and cross-down (CD) auditorswitchings, and company size and return on equity (ROE) and return in equity ( ROE) simultaneously affect the abnormally high abnormal return. CU auditor switching positively affects abnormal return, while CD auditor switching negatively affects the abnormality return.
The results of the study revealed that macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of manufacturing firms in Nigeria are inter-related. The study found that the relationship between macroeconomic factor and firm characteristics is positive and significant. However, the relationship is not significant for firm size. The findings also revealed that firm size has no significant relationship with financial performance.
PT INKA (Persero) has not made a specific environmental cost report. Environmental costs incurred are recorded as an expense of the K3LH Department and classified as administrative and general expenses in the income statement of the company. Such expenses include: employee expenses; general expenses; service charges; taxes, levies and levies fees; depreciation and amortization; maintenance expenses; education and training expenses; and research and development expenses.
The results show that framing has a positive and significant impact on the career selection decision of accounting major students in the eighth semester of English class, students' in the fourth semester of regular class and students' students in third semester of the fourth degree degree class. Meanwhile, groupthink has a significant and positive influence on the decision of job selection of the accounting students.
Based on the results of the research, the increase of non-taxable income does not cause a decrease in the receipt of PPh Article 21 in 2013 when the enactment of PMK No 162/K.011/2012, only the growth of P Ph Article 21 slows down; a similar trend was observed in 2015, when the PMK Number 122/PMK.010/2015 was enacted. However, an increase in the number of registered individual taxpayers and effective individual taxpayers is not always proportional to the revenue of the tax.
The results of the study revealed that there is a significant relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria. It was also found that tax audit has a positive and significant impact on tax productivity of the state.
The results of the study reveal that there is no significant difference between the internal and external factors in the management accounting practices of the organizations. However, there is a significant difference in the internal factors and the external factors. The results of this study show that there are no significant differences between the external and internal factors in management accounting.
The results show that ERM has a positive effect on the firm value. The corporate control size variable (size) has a significant positive influence on firm value, while the profitability control variable (ROA) and managerial ownership control variable have a significant negative influence. Managerial ownership control variables negatively affect firm value in this study.
The results of the study reveal that the profitability of private banks is higher than the public sector banks in India. The study also reveals that interest income, deposits and certain expenses are the major determinants of profitability for private banks. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference in the profitability between private and public banks.
- The major conclusion is that INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies were appointed onto boards for various reasons, for instance, safeguarding shareholders' interests, making positive contribution as equal board members to the development of the company's strategy, enhancing the companies' reputation and providing a balanced and independent view onto the board. In other words, the IN EDs were performing the three roles of control, service and resource dependence that have been suggested by Johnson et al.
The results of the study reveal that there is a positive and significant relationship between cash holdings, investment opportunities and financial constraint with audit fees. In addition, there is also a significant and positive relationship between financial constraint and audit fees, whereas there is no significant relationship with cash holdings.
The results show that the GCG mechanism and CSR have a positive effect on financial performance and earnings management. Meanwhile, the test results and analysis show that earnings management negatively affects the financial performance. But earnings management can mediate the effect of theGCG mechanism on the company's financial performance with mediation from partial mediation.
The results of this study indicate that the independence of auditors correlates positively but not significantly to the quality of audit generated. The independence of the auditor does not guarantee whether it will result in a quality audit. Auditor professionalism attitude is positive and significant to the audit result. The professionalism of auditor skepticism is positively and significantly related to the resulting audit. Professionalism has an influence on audit quality.
Based on the analysis, Grha Prodia is considered a green building and can earn LEED certification for the categories that are proposed, LEED Building Design and Construction: New Construction v3 LEED 2009. Grhaprodia can fulfill all of the five criteria in this certification. Apart from the prerequisites credit in each criteria, Gr Ha ProdIA also fulfills a considerable amount of credits, most notably from the water efficiency criteria.
The study confirms a significant relationship between board leadership structure and earnings quality. Firm size was not significant in all four models, while cash flows from operations was found significant. Board independence was not found to be significant in any of the four models.
Based on the result of this research, it can be said that the amount of income, tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability, and also the database, affect the compliance of ITPs. TPs who have a higher income tend to be more obedient than those on a low income because the large income earners tend to been more conservative in reporting tax obligations.
The results of the study showed that the local government websites of the provinces of West Java and East Java have a high level of transparency. The findings of this study indicate that there is no significant difference in the transparency content of the financial statements of the local governments in West Java, East Java, and South Sulawesi provinces. In addition, the results of this research show that there are no significant differences in the level of disclosure of financial statements between the provinces.
The results show that there is a significant positive relationship between open access to academic research and company innovation. However, there is no significant relationship between the number of academic papers cited in a company's patent document and company size. The results also show that the impact of open access on company innovation is stronger for companies with a larger size.
The results of the study show that the readiness of the university to become an entrepreneurial university is based on the following factors: factors that focus on individuals and their personalities as key actors in the university; and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. The results of this study indicate that the university's entrepreneurial activities have a positive impact on the local economy.
This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration. By providing an engagement ladder, opportunities for lower-risk collaborations are indicated, enabling collaboration where high exposure is not an option. Lower-risk collaboration also enables testing a relationship before climbing the ladder to a higher-risk exposure.
This study finds that incubatees perceive that their absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) is enhanced through vicarious informal learning practices that promotes access to networks and thereby uses social capital to improve their likelihood of success. This study also finds that it is possible to construct a typology of learning practices based on the types of common firm-based learning practices identified in the literature.
The study concludes that the customer's perceptions towards packaging products are highly influential to the strategies being adopted by the marketers in influencing and ensuring consumer buying behaviour and patrons, through select packaging strategies, such as mass media exposure, innovative packaging strategies and other elements. Packaging strategies have significant impact on buying intentions and behaviour according to the study.
This study found that the crowd innovation space is a center of the ecosystem with the goal of incubating innovation and entrepreneurship and connecting with the government, universities, enterprises, intermediary service organizations, social investment institutions and related environmental supporting elements in specific geographic space. The establishment of strong relationships with the key elements in the ecosystem plays an important role in the information acquisition and resource integration of crowd innovation spaces, which can improve their service capability. For example, the ties with third-party service institutions are necessary but not important for the crowd Innovation Space, because the connection between the crowd innovations space and third- party service institutions is easy to establish and maintain.
This framework consists of five steps including evaluating the status of the academic entrepreneurship indicators, determining the strategies and goals, identifying the relationships between the goals and rankings them, creating a list of candidate projects and programs to meet the objectives and creating a portfolio of project and program by a multi-objective mathematical model. The output of this framework is a portfolio that according to the budget and other university conditions has the highest priority in terms of transforming traditional universities into entrepreneurial universities.
The results in the paper show that in the early stage of the website, members of the online community not only overestimate the value of their ideas, but also underestimate the cost for the firm to implement ideas. Therefore, members tend to be excessively optimistic and post a large number of new ideas with little value. Along with the learning process, individuals gradually realize the true value of ideas, and know about the firm's cost structure. For marginal idea contributors, the expectation of posting new ideas starts to drop. As a result, customers' learning process plays the role of self-selection, which filters out marginal ideas contributors, leading to a decrease in the number of ideas after the website reaches a stable stage.
The results show that the design of science and technology innovation policy should focus on multidimensionality and effectiveness, and the same policies should focus upon diversity and combination effects. In addition, it is found that Shandong Province's innovation policies system should be designed from the perspective of policy demand and supply and provide differentiated policies to support different innovation entities. Furthermore, this study provides a reference basis for future development and research.
In this paper, 42 enterprises from Kaohsiung Industry Park expect to solve their preferential problems: development of new products, recruiting new staff, yield rate control and improvement, marketing strategy, energy saving and carbon reduction. Enterprise would like to collaborate with universities for assistance and expertise in staff development.
There is a strongly and significantly positive impact for TMPs (TA, TD and TR) on KC in Australian universities. All regression paths between TMP and KC (independent composite variables) and KC in the Australian higher education sector are strongly significant and positive.
The results show that the number of direct ties of a firm in a collaboration network has a positive effect on its NPD performance. On the other hand, the structural holes of the collaboration network have a negative effect on the development of new products of the firm.
The findings from the regression analysis are in line with the responses to the opinion questions. However, the regression models point to two very important issues, especially when we compare GFP and PFP. First, publishing IA is a strong predictor for GFP, but statistically insignificant for PFP, in other words, publishing in ISI-indexed journals is not sufficient for the private sector to perceive faculty members as researchers. Second, for the GFP model, ATL has no statistical significance while for the PFP model it is statistically significant with negative impact; it is no significant with no relationship with GFP.
The results suggest that individual and institutional level factors influence the choice of KD outlets for management research. Specifically, the authors found that the perceived legitimacy of peer-reviewed journals was the strongest predictor of KD outcomes, followed by teaching-oriented journals, social media and print media. The authors also found that institutional factors such as tenure and promotion were not associated with KD outcomes.
This study contributes to entrepreneurship research by providing a synthesis of the emerging concept of EEs as a dynamic and holistic approach to the study of entrepreneurship. Furthermore, it provides clarification and distinction from other related concepts, adding to the efforts towards the conceptualisation of EEs, and paves the way for further research.
The results of the study reveal that the countries in the Triple Helix of university-industry-government relationships are characterized by a low level of mutual information and a high level of transmission power. The study also reveals that there is a lack of synergy within the West African innovation systems, as measured by the Shapley value.
Through comparative analysis of data and theory, the authors have discovered a number of internationalized experience models of research institutions with Chinese characteristics. At the organizational structure level, China overseas research institutions are mainly responsible for technology tracking and monitoring, assisting domestic headquarters to carry out technology research and development, whereas western enterprises are mainly responsibility for technology export. In terms of innovation effectiveness, the internationalization of Chinese research institutions has a positive impact on innovation performance, whereas R&D internationalization in developed countries has multiple conclusions, such as U-shaped and inverted U- shaped. Chinese enterprises have a high degree of dependence on foreign technology, insufficient overseas talents and management experience. Therefore, Chinese enterprises are more inclined to the Greenfield investment model, due to rich in management experience, low dependence onforeign technology and need for technical protection.
The authors developed a convolutional neural network that accurately classifies MDA-MB-468 and MCF7 breast cancer cells after being trained on 995 brightfield breast cancer cell images, validated with 123 brightfield Breast Cancer cell images and then tested on 123 bright field microscopy images. The authors performed well, with a 99 percent accuracy score and 0.98 AUC score.
The key conclusion of this study is that Queensland universities are significantly aware of four processes that are currently used in managing talent development in their divisions and faculties. These processes are performance management, coaching talent, leadership development and talent acquisition processes to be most common processes within educational institutions. Consequently, participants consider those practices as a strategic key to institutional success.
The results show that the aggregate production function does not have a sound theoretical basis and therefore is deceiving. However, it is possible to obtain a well-behaved aggregated production function, like GDP = F(K, L), when capital is not homogeneous.
The authors find that the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, and then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice. In sum, the authors propose that places (cities, states, regions) within a country have specific institutional contexts that are distinct, albeit probably dependent from the wider country-level institutional context.
The results show that the millennials' career anchors are positively related to their professional skills, their awareness of the replacement of jobs with new technologies and the technological stress in their working environment. In addition, it is shown that technological stress is negatively related to the millennial's professional skills and negatively associated with their awareness and awareness of technological innovations.
The results show that the intensity of innovation in the Brazilian food sector is low, which indicates one of the lowest rates when compared to other manufacturing sectors in the country. The Malmquist index (MIMI) indicates that the food sector has the lowest level of innovation intensity in Brazil, which is consistent with the results obtained by the DEA-Malmquist approach.
The results showed a significant association between IOC and PS. IOC had a significant and positive effect on IWB. Additionally, the study also provided support for the fact that individuals in the private sector are more affected by IOC with respect to IWB as compared to public sector employees. However, no difference was found between male and female employees.
The results of the analysis show that the triple helix interaction occurs in the state of Minas Gerais, and that there is always dependence and exchange relations with the National Innovation System (NIS), and relations that are clear when comparing the data with the consolidated data. In addition, the results show that there are some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX.
TMT GM has stronger influence towards international firm performance as compared with TMT foreign knowledge. This is aligned with a study conducted by Marandu (2014) which highlighted export experience of management team as one of the factors that significantly makes low export performance of SMEs differ.
The findings of this study indicate that KM in Malaysian organisations has room for improvement, driven by its leadership. The main obstacle towards KM implementation is organisational culture, whereby building an effective culture to promote knowledge sharing and encourage collaboration is a crucial requirement for the success of KM programmes and a digital solution through the usage of IT is another requirement for KM. It should be noted that it is important to develop a strong culture of change management; a balanced focus on people, process and infrastructure is crucial for effective KM programmes.
The results show that Brazilian fans of the NFL have a strong attachment to the league and to the teams, players, and experiences of the league, and they show a high level of attachment to their teams and experiences. However, they do not attach to the fans of other teams or to the country of origin. Moreover, the analysis shows that there is a significant difference between the attachment of Brazilian fans to the team and the team, players and experiences, as well as between the fans who watch the games on TV and those who watch them on Twitter.
The results show that DT and XP activities can promote good insights to understand the user problem and build a technological solution with some novelty. Students indicate that DT approaches and XP approaches aid to develop an innovative solution. The results also show that the students' engagement in the classroom activities is low.
The paper presents a review of the literature and identifies the limitations inherent in existing management domains: low digital and technological maturity; lack of a strategic vision for sustainable development; problem resolution limitations, and the emergence of new problems; silo management; scope of human resource and change management; and the importance of managing and owning data. In the face of issues that are constantly increasing in scope and complexity, the solutions proffered to aid in decision-making are also becoming ever smarter.
The results suggest that the factors Capacity for Innovation, Quality of Scientific Research Institutions, Company Spending on R&D, University-Industry Collaboration in R &D, Government Procurement of Advanced Technology Products, Availability of Scientists and Engineers and PCT Patent Applications are decisive for positioning countries in terms of their stage of development and should be part of enterprises' strategic planning and public policy. Furthermore, the findings also show that countries should prioritize the factors quality of scientific research institutions, quality ofscientific research institutions and availability of scientists and engineers and patent applications, as these factors, when acting together, together, predict the evolution to higher stages of development.
The results obtained are compatible with the authors' proposal of offering to DMs a complete ranking of alternatives for contributing with the decision-making process improvement in terms of choices related to technological investments alternatives. This paper presents quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives, supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016.
A total of 1,749 publications in 6 databases (Emerald, ProQuest, Science Direct, Scopus, Web of Science and Google Scholar) were identified. A total of 55 per cent of the 20 most cited articles are in the gray literature. The main theories of administration used to explain the FinTechs phenomenon are: the disruptive innovation theory, the information technology (IT) theory and the technology-organization-management theory.
The results of the analysis indicate that there is a high level of open innovation in the Brazilian design houses. In addition, it was found that the number of design houses with open innovation is higher than the number with closed innovation. Furthermore, the results show that there are no significant differences in the level of innovation between the two groups of companies.
The results show that OL and SI have a positive influence on the organizational performance of KIBS. The results also show that SI has a positive effect on the performance of Brazilian architectural KI BS, while OL has a negative effect.
The authors argue in favor of the OSH model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process. The authors intend to demonstrate that the adoption of the open model can be a catalyst for one of the main missions of the academia: technological innovation and entrepreneurship.
The results of the content analyses showed that the HRIS features and the way by which individuals responsible for its implementation perceive and interpret these aspects are important for its effectiveness. In general, these individuals are major decision-makers and they may substantially influence the choice of a system and the ways by which it should be implemented. The findings suggest that the implementation of HRIS may lead to the improvement of the strategic management of people and to the strengthen of the HR department role as a business partner of the organisation.
The results show that there are five dimensions that influence the innovation process in justice organizations. The first dimension concerns the institutional pressure on justice organizations to innovate. There is evidence that the CNJ induces innovation, especially in the courts. Even if the institutional environment restricts innovation, some actors interested in developing and implementing innovations put pressure on both the organizational and institutional environments in the expectation of reducing resistance to innovations. Although leadership does not support innovation, there are individuals who seek alternatives, such as the development of external partnerships, which enable the implementation of innovative practices. In this context, innovation will occur more slowly, but will not stop, according to the sample surveyed.
The results of the study indicate that innovation and strategic planning have a positive and significant impact on organizational performance of Dubai Police. In addition, strategic planning has a significant and positive impact on innovation and organizational performance. The results also indicate that the relationship between innovation and performance is stronger than that of strategic planning.
The findings of this study revealed that Indonesia's public service innovation is characterized by three major themes: public sector innovation of governance arrangement, public service delivery and public service quality. The findings also revealed that public organizations in Indonesia are willing to innovate in providing public services. However, there is still room for improvement in terms of public service innovations in Indonesia.
The results indicate that the theoretical debate on effectuation remains open, which indicates that the approach is open to discussion. However, there is a lack of interest in theoretical and critical debate, and this kind of posture tends to limit theoretical advance. Therefore, the authors propose a research agenda for future studies.
The results show that the use of KIBS by different sectors of the Brazilian economy is associated with different aspects of innovation performance. The research outcomes also reveal that the type of KiBS hired matters to stimulate the innovation outcomes of customer firms. Finally, the pattern of use in Brazil differs from the ones identified in other economies, suggesting that the country effect needs to be further investigated in the literature.
The results of the study show that offline service quality (SERVQUAL) has a positive effect on customer loyalty, while online service quality has a negative effect. The results also show that customer loyalty has a significant impact on customer satisfaction, which in turn affects customer loyalty on online service.
It was found that "KS" can be considered as a key variable that influences positively the relationship between LUs and innovation success, as LUs share their knowledge and exchange their skills and competencies with other members of the community to develop innovative ideas, products, processes or processes. Hence, the researchers studied the mediating role of the "KS".
The innovative management model of the Zona da Mata regional airport is an example of a public-private partnership (PPP) model for the management of regional airports in Brazil, which is financially viable in the context of budgetary constraints. The model is based on a combination of public and private investment in infrastructure and the development of the airport.
The results show that the remunerations that contribute the most to the innovative performance of PHEI are related to the number of research projects, the amount of research activities and the research intensity. In addition, it was found that the most important remuneration that contributes most to innovative performance is the grant that is provided to the research group.
Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. When addressing the article's main objective, the authors verified that the employees interviewed in the field research were not yet prepared for the implementation of crowdsourcing. It was noted that: companies do not have an established institutional mission; those that do usually follow depleting and unengaging standardization. Companies seek to differentiate themselves from competitors strictly by manipulating the marketing mix (quality, customer service and price). Entrepreneurs act exclusively in the wholesale segment and their owners do not consider approximation with the final consumer to be important, arbitrarily leaving this task to middlemen, who have the preparation or the legitimacy for such task.
The choice of the HealthCRM workflow enabled a better management of the relationship channel with the beneficiaries of the health-care company, improving efficiency and control, developing a knowledge management system and seeking actively ways to support a knowledge-intensive business service. This work was also motivated by the lack of studies in studies in the areas of health care companies in Brazil, in which there are knowledge- intensive services, as well as the absence of studies regarding the use of tools to manage the channels and the quality of the service provided.
The research determined the innovation outcome of Living Labs with regard to their sustainability in Kenya, identified the support and operational structures in Living Lab sustainability and the innovation approach for the sustainability of living labs. A framework that can be used to assess the sustainability in Living Labs is proposed.
The results show that ecodesign practices could be verified at various product development stages at the studied companies, but mainly at the automaker because it imposes the conditions and norms for product development. However, attention should be paid to the fact that the project project was mainly motivated by the existence of governmental regulation. Although the engine supplier already possessed the technology needed to develop this product (and it had already offered it in other markets), the industry had to invest in new technology to meet the Euro 5 emission standards.
The results show that the degree of innovation in MSEs in Sao Paulo's West and Southwest metropolitan regions is low and that the firms in the sample are characterized by a high degree of process improvements, professional development of teams, actions to seize ideas and opportunities, among others. In addition, the authors propose the classification of the firms according to the internationally validated model known as the Innovation Radar.
The analysis of the projects showed that the availability of mortgage or mortgage alienation is a significant factor in the guarantee conditions of the BRDE Inova program. In addition, it was found that the guarantees used in the refundable financing operations of the program are not appropriate for the needs of knowledge-intensive MSMEs. The analysis of interviews with the players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina revealed that the lack of guarantees is one of the main barriers to innovation financing.
From 2011 to 2016, there was an increase in the investment in the BSA and hence a development in the number of patent applications, which indicates a higher correlation between these variables. After the correlation made between the variable investments of the federal government and utility model patenting, patents of invention and certificate of addition of invention, it was found out that there is a strong correlation between investments in B SA and patent applications.
The results of this study show that the users of Waze are divided into three groups, according to the characteristics of the platform itself and the user profiles. The results also show that, in terms of the utilization aspects, there are significant differences between the groups, especially in the gamification and utilization aspects. Regardless of the user profile, neither group sees the dynamics of the collaborative technology as the main motivation for sharing information.
The results indicate that student entrepreneurship in Brazil is not a random phenomenon, but rather a result of a complex set of factors. The authors identify five dimensions of interest: entrepreneurial activity, prospective entrepreneurs, high-impact entrepreneurship, serial entrepreneurship, innovation-driven entrepreneurship and research-oriented entrepreneurship. In addition, the authors find that there is a positive relationship between entrepreneurial activity and the probability of becoming an entrepreneur, while there is no significant relationship between prospective entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship.
The findings indicate that the reengineered business processes are homogeneous and belong to the same class of MFIs. Results from qualitative analysis further reveal that business process reengineering performance is perceived differently. The authors conclude that whereas previous scholars have focused on efficiency and effectiveness measures, this study has provided a theoretical explanation of business processReengineering performance in developing economies in Uganda.
The results show that transformational leadership has a positive effect on both subjective and objective employee and financial performance, while instrumental leadership does not have a significant effect on employee performance.
The results show that the intensity of private funding does not affect the results of U-F interactions. However, it does affect the type of result (scientific versus technological) of the interactions. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the intensity and the number of interactions.
The authors highlight some scientific, economic and technological indicators on the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017, in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication. By analyzing GDP investments in R&D activities, it was found that the contribution of public resources (1.24 per cent), although more significant than the private sector, constitutes a challenge to the OECD's goal for 2019 (2.3 per cent).
The results present the description of the organizational structure, organizational chart and the units dispersed strategically nationally and internationally. The authors describe the R&D management system and its structures, involving portfolios, arrangements, programs, macro programs, portfolios and projects, respectively. Through this study, the authors are able to advance knowledge about R& D management systems and the importance of alignment between management and organizational structure.
The results showed that only six patents could be associated with the 1,939 identified research groups. Of the six patents, only one was the object of a licensing agreement and no spin-off was identified. The small number of TT agreements in the set of the examined research groups demands improvements in the Brazilian National Innovation System.
BMI represents not the sum, but the combination of innovations in several dimensions. Thus, the new form of value generation stems from the way smaller changes combine within the organizational context. The BMI of the investigated companies occurs mainly boosted by the desire to expand the markets, diversification and differentiation of products and services, to guarantee competitiveness in the market. The processes occurred due to the identification of new market opportunities and the need to survive in the business environment.
The findings of this study can offer an understanding of the social network dynamics established inside technology-based companies, associating these dynamics with innovation-oriented knowledge sharing. This paper also intends to offer a perspective of social network distribution in terms of centrality and frequency of interactions to better understand the incubation environment.
The results show that the ADEL's activities contribute to the promotion of local economic development in the semi-arid region of Ceara. Moreover, it is possible to identify the existing and emerging dimensions of social innovation by studying the Agencia de Desenvolvimento Local and its main programmes.
The results of the bibliometric review pointed to dispersion and heterogeneity among the researchers who published articles on innovation in the public sector and their institutions, but also to a wide avenue of study possibilities. The bibliometrics revealed that there is a lack of research on the subject of innovation in public administration in the Brazilian context.
The results obtained show that the literature on disruptive business models is emerging and addressing an important phenomenon in the market that lacks the basis to sustain it, thus deepening the theoretical aspects of this topic and reducing the lack in the empirical literature. In this sense, this article contributes to clarifying the disruptive business model gap and revealing some opportunities for future researches.
The results show that creative culture has a positive influence on the level of intangibility of firms and that both constructs, individually or combined, have a positive impact on corporate performance, with the combined effect expected to be greater than the individual effect on corporate culture.
It is argued that the reasons why the ST&I policies failed to contribute more effectively to the increase of the Brazilian technological efforts have less to do with the innovation policies themselves and more with their detachment from the institutional framework used to implement them, as the "messy dissensus" emerges at the moment these policies are put in march.
Process philosophy is not an entire novelty inside organizational and innovation studies. However, recent claims about the process philosophy's potential contributions to OS raise old and new questions about its value in understanding organizational-related issues, such as innovation processes. By considering processes of innovation as characterized by complex and dynamic interactions, more radical process-based conceptualizations of the innovation process phenomena may inspire more insightful ideas about the interactional phenomena and on the elements involved in creative relations. This paper's objective represents only a small, modest step in the direction of a better understanding of a process philosophy-oriented understanding of innovation process research.
The authors can conclude that the researcher's family income, level of education, gender and knowledge area are factors associated (to a greater or lesser degree) with academic entrepreneurship. That is, higher family incomes, lower levels of education and more applied areas of knowledge shape the profile of the academic entrepreneur. On the other hand, a previous work experience during graduation does not have a direct relationship with entrepreneurial activity.
The results show the importance of establishing partnerships between companies, government and universities, aiming to enhance technological innovation. Brazil is the first country of deposit with patents in the field of medical preparations that contain products of plant origin, and it is the country with the highest number of patents in this sector. It is also the country that has the most patent applications in this field. The results also show the profile of the partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative business model.
The results of the study show that the most important factors influencing the adoption of wearable technologies by consumers are perceived benefit, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, perceived value, perceived risk and perceived usefulness. In addition, the results show that perceived usefulness and perceived risk have a positive influence on consumers' intention to purchase Google Glass, while perceived risk has a negative influence.
The results show that technological capabilities mediate the relationship between strategic supply chain management (SSCM) and the competitive advantage of the companies in the Campinas, SP Tech Hub.
The results show that the work environment factors described by componential theory do not affect creativity as expected in the Brazilian context and to consider the possible consequences of this finding for the management of innovation processes.
Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the CM, generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review, which supports the propositions of the model which was designed and presented above.
The results show that the constructs interactivity, sense of presence, intelligence, convenience and security have a significant effect on the emotional experience, and that connectivity, interactivity and convenience have a positive effect on functional experience. By analyzing the effects on the intention to buy, the authors showed that both are significant, but the emotion experience has a greater influence on purchase intention.
The results indicate that the proposed roadmap updating framework is viable because it was applied in a real case, benefitting those involved. The proposed steps (planning, updating cycle and strategic analysis) can be continuously optimized with the introduction of new methods, tools and activities that will bring the organization closer to excellence in using the roadmap for the promotion of innovation.
The results show that offering and platform innovations are two illustrative examples of product innovations that lead to higher levels of firm performance in the foodservice industry. However, it seems to suggest that some types of innovations do not necessarily lead MSEs toward higher performance levels.
The results of the study show that the innovation models adopted by the labor courts in Brazil are based on the integrated approach to innovation as defined by the service innovation school of thought. The results also show that there are three main types of innovation models in the Brazilian judiciary. The first type of innovation model is the process model, which is based on a combination of the principles and principles related to innovation in services proposed by Djellal and Gallouj and Weinstein (1997), which point to the need to characterize the factors that make up the process of creating the innovation model. The second type of model is a process model that focuses on the implementation of the innovation. The third type is a model of innovation that is the result of the integration of the processes of innovation in the judicial services.
The results show that the innovation practices of small TBCs differ in formality, type, attitude and strategy. They depend on innovation, especially on technological innovation, for their growth and success. With more innovations, and consequently, they achieve growth and survival in the market.
The results show that firms in high-technology-intensive sectors are more innovative than firms in low-technological intensity sectors. Moreover, the innovation capability of firms in different technological intensity strata is correlated with the innovation routines and behavior of any firm.
The results of the study show that the learning mechanisms provided by organizations have a positive influence on knowledge sharing in the organizational environment. In addition, the results show that top management support has a significant influence on the process of knowledge sharing, while the support provided by individuals has no influence on this process.
The results show that the main theoretical bases of the literature on organizational innovation are related to organizational structures, organizational structures and organizational processes. The most important aspects of organizational innovation in the literature are organizational innovation as a process and as an outcome, as well as the relationship between organizational innovation and innovation capacity. Furthermore, the most recent perspectives within the organizational innovation literature are based on the concept of the innovation network and the innovation process. Finally, the results of the bibliometric analysis show that there is a need for further research on the topic of innovation.
Through this research, we were able to identify weaknesses and strengths both in the university-industry interaction processes and in the TT processes of the studied cases. As shortcomings, we point out the bureaucracy, the lack of innovation and entrepreneurship culture and the university's lack of experience on working in collaborative research as well as the company's lack on working with the university. As strengths, there is the importance of combining theory with practice, achieved through collaborative research, the possibility of generating new technologies and the regional impact that these technologies may achieve.
There is a need to continue investing in the development of Brazilian engineering through maintaining academic mobility programs such as Science without Borders, as well as new teaching methodologies and integrating globally, through the financing of international research projects. The distribution of investment in the various fields of engineering must be balanced, taking into account national strategies and the technological interrelations between the fields analyzed in this article. Brazil has strong potential for development in the engineering and development field.
Motivations that had not yet been considered in the literature on the Theory of Planned Behavior, acknowledgment, fun and satisfaction and learning, proved to be good predictors of the Attitude of the contributors. Moreover regarding the model, attitude and self-efficacy, in turn, were able to satisfactorily explain the intention of contribution.
The role of TPLs in the development of innovative logistics solutions in Brazilian importations was found to be positive and negative in a convergent way, as well as found in each case. Regarding the implications of the present study, no specific theoretical reference was found on the subject in terms of the importation process, but rather related to information technology, which has been presented.
The authors find that a lower labor share is associated with a higher Gini coefficient. Moreover, the lower the quintile, the stronger the relationship between the labor share and the income share of the quintiles.
The outcomes obtained confirm that there is a history of absolute and relative decay in the long run in the Argentinian economy that has a clear correspondence with the cyclical behavior exhibited by this country. The results obtained indicate the following for the Argentine economy: there is indeed a relationship between the long and the short term. Expansions last less and recessions have more amplitude after that date.
The results of these tests support that the hysteresis hypothesis is accepted for all transition economies except Kazakhstan and SlovakR. It was revealed that the results were highly dependent on the power of the unit root tests applied. Moreover, if non-linearity and/or structural breaks are not taken into consideration, the series may present as stationary if it is not stationary. When unit root test results are applied to unemployment rates, the authors find mixed evidence for hysteretic unemployment rates for all countries.
The paper estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality. The method proposes several innovations on Feldman and Slemrod (2007) strategy to estimate evasion by income source.
The results show that banks' net interest margins of new operations are negatively affected by the banking market structure, the degree of risk aversion of the bank, the average size of banks' transactions and the volatility of the interest rate. In addition, the authors find that the capital requirement and the deposit insurance premium have a positive effect on banks' margins. The results also show that the banks' profitability is positively affected by banks' market power and by the level of competition.
The findings suggest that there was an increase in wealth inequality (both gross and net) during the period 2002-2014 and, at the same time, a reduction in consumption inequality. While households at the top of the distribution account for an increasing share of total wealth, the distribution of consumption is less and less unequal. Nevertheless, on closer examination, it is possible to observe that, although the Gini index indicates that consumption is distributed less andLess unequally, this is because of the relative rapprochement of the middle class and the top 10%, while the lower classes consume less and more in both absolute and relative terms.
The authors find evidence to suggest that drug use, particularly the use of hard drugs (opiates, cocaine and crack cocaine), is associated with an increased risk of unemployment, regardless of age or gender. The authors also find evidence that the economic crisis has a negative impact on drug consumption in Spain.
The results show that management quality has a direct impact on the probability of exporting and foreign direct investment (FDI) across firms. In addition, the authors find that firms differ more in terms of management and productivity than they do on productivity. The authors also find that productivity is a determinant of the probability to export and FDI.
The results reveal that the increase in employment does not seem to have reduced the emergence of economic stress in non-poor households during the Great Recession. In fact, the most alarming results of the estimates are that the probability of experiencing economic stress has increased in the period 2008-2016.
The authors find a very high percentage of "plagiarism" and "self-pliarism," and precisely those companies with a "soft" board gender quotas policy show a higher percentage of women presence in the boards of directors than the ones with a mandatory quota policy. In addition, the authors find that the companies that have adopted a soft quota policy have been able to increase the number of women in the board of directors by more than 50 per cent.
The results obtained show that the proposed model is able to predict the financial distress of the Spanish banking institutions with a significantly higher accuracy than the traditional methods. The results also indicate that the model is capable of predicting financial distress up to three years in advance of the actual financial failure.
The results show that the efficiency of the PESs offices is affected by the number of job counsellors registered at the labour office and by the size of the job centre. In particular, the authors find that there is a significant difference between the efficiency levels of the employment offices in the Basque Country and the rest of Spain. The authors also find that the level of efficiency is higher at the jobcentre level than at the office level.
The results show that banks in the sample are generally efficient, with the exception of a few banks in Brazil, which are inefficient in terms of cost efficiency. The results also show that there are significant differences in the determinants of bank efficiency across countries and regions. Moreover, the authors find that the SW approach is able to explain the observed differences in bank efficiency.
The estimated tax gap is 44.34 per cent (37.95-49.49 per cent) in the WT and 41.26-44.01 per cent in the Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT), with a range between 37.95 per cent and 44.26 per cent.
The estimations generated are wholly consistent at the municipal level and at the level of the strata to which the municipalities in the microdata belong. The methods for creating the database are simple, although time-consuming, but have the advantage that they are compatible with the published census information, and allow the incorporation of external information derived from the INE's Customized Tables system which is essential to improve the accuracy of the estimations.
The authors find that the effect of agglomeration is strongly negative. The probability of being informal diminishes by 52 per cent when agglomership increases by one standard deviation. Formal firms tend to be localized in high-density commercial and industrial areas, while informal firms are localized in low-density and peripheral areas where the land for production is cheaper and they can avoid the control of authorities.
The results obtained show that the RCSI is a useful tool for analyzing the evolution of the competitiveness of the 17 ACs over the period 2008-2016. The results obtained are consistent over time and allow for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years. The period chosen allows us to analyze the unequal effects of the different phases of an economic cycle and their impact on the absolute and relative standings of the Spanish ACs.
The results show that the risk of employment exclusion is higher in the case of regions with a higher level of income security, job security and income insecurity. The results also show that there is a spatial gap in terms of spatial and temporal evolution of the employment exclusion indicator, revealing the territorial gap and the factors accounting for such disparities.
From the calculations made, the authors can conclude that the implementation of the Measure 123 in the Principality of Asturias has allowed investment projects to be undertaken which, in the last period considered in the analysis, would have a rate of return of 8 per cent and 32 per cent for agri-food and forestry firms, respectively. Therefore, the implementers of this measure can be considered successful. The results of the analysis also show the importance of quality certifications, electronic commerce and the manufacture of organic products in increasing the level of output that an efficient firm can produce.
The results show that the relationship between corruption and international trade is inverted U. This implies that, for such countries, an increase of corruption from relatively low levels would increase trade while from relatively high levels would reduce it. Additionally, the authors find that the impact of corruption on international trade depends on the conditions under which it operates.
The results show that there are nonlinearities in the relationship between education and economic growth. Specifically, the authors find that the relationship is inverted-U shaped, with a peak at 7.5 years of education. The authors also find that there is a nonlinear effect of education on economic growth only in the sub-sample of countries in the middle of the education distribution.
It is evidenced that, true as it was that leaning-against-the-wind was the norm during the boom, Argentinean interventions were much stronger than those of regional counterparts. Moreover, this more aggressive counter-cyclicality indeed favored activity, but only to the serious detriment of stability. This difference in magnitude in the policy adopted by Argentina can explain part of the country's poorer macroeconomic performance: i.e. its higher inflation and greater volatility.
Using reduced-form regressions, the authors find that among agents with the same stock of human capital in their upper secondary education, those with the highest SES perform better on the college admission test and earn higher wages in their early years in the labor market. The authors also find evidence that the effect of family SES on the earnings gap between the highest- and lowest-SES agents is increasing during the period of analysis. Finally, the effects of SES persist within gender, within test score quintile and within individuals attending the same type of school.
The results show that leaders engage their employees in their future vision, express their values and beliefs to employees and inspire in them loyalty to the company. Transformational leadership impacts on quality management (EFQM enablers). That is, through idealized influence, inspirational motivation and intellectual stimulation, transformational leadership influences strategy, people management and process management. Through vision and values, communication and employee motivation and the promotion of creativity and continuous improvement, leaders can develop planning processes, improve relationships with employees and boost analysis and work process improvement. These characteristics related to communication, people relationships, creativity and solving problems, which are important for the improvement of enabler of EFQM, are critical for the leaders of hotels.
The results of the GIS-based TOPSIS model were used to identify the axes of regional tourism in Hormozgan Province, Iran. The axes were divided into four clusters, namely, coastal, inland, inland sea and coastal areas. The results showed that the coastal areas were the most important axes, followed by inland areas and inland areas, while the inland areas are the least important.
The results show that the majority of the respondents are aware of the importance of CBT in the development of tourism in their communities, but they are also aware of its challenges. The most important challenges are the lack of participation of the local community in the decision-making process and the limited participation of tourists in the tourism development process. In addition, there is a lack of awareness of the benefits of tourism development projects in the local communities and the impact they have had on the local environment.
The results show that residents' attitudes towards tourism in the city of Girona are mostly positive, as they perceive that they will gain something from tourism. However, they also perceive that there are some negative aspects of tourism, such as the possibility of conflicts between residents and tourists. The findings also show that there is a strong relationship between the socio-cultural aspect of tourism and residents' perceptions.
The results show that the proposed model is able to segment visitors to Rocha Department, Uruguay, based on the following characteristics: first, it provides a comprehensive characterization of tourists that visit the whole region; second, it can be used to segment domestic tourists; and third, it is useful for destination marketers to target and reach visitors more effectively and efficiently.
Una clausula contractual se halle incardinada en un contrato de adhesion no la convierte en abusiva, sino que es necesario que por su contenario tenga un ambito en el que se encuentra un amiento especialmente en contra. Una de las sentencias mas recientes y que mayor numero de clausulas nulas declara declara la SAP de Madrid de 26 julio de 2017.
Esta obligacion de informar sobre la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos intermedien en las plataformas colaborativas, que intermediente en las que se presenta una periodice declativa de las cesions de usiendas.
Empirical studies based on airline booking clickstream data showed that low prices increase not only booking conversion rates but also overall site engagement. Moreover, positive search effects on site engagement are observed within a visit as well as across visits. Studies on inter-arrival times between searches provide an evidence for learning effects or time constraints on online shopping. Models support the hypothesis on two distinct revisit intentions - goal-oriented and experiential behavior.
This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research. This is supported by the evolution of this area of knowledge and by the growing interest in applying a gender approach in tourism.
The findings of this study revealed the relationship between the factors influencing travelers' food decisions and their propensity to consume local foods at the tourist destination. Of the study's five main predicting factors, culture within the culture and religion variable, motivational factors, and food-related personality traits were consistently significant predictors of local food consumption. Within socio-demographic factors, specifically being of Hispanic ethnicity was found to be a significant factor attributing to a tendency for local foods. In addition, it was explored if and to what degree the factors impact each other within the group of predicting variables. In this case, by adding food- related personality traits on Block 3, culture ceased to be an important predictor. However, in Block 5, culture became a significant predictor again.
The authors find that medical tourists from the UK travel for medical treatment for a variety of reasons, including the need to access health-care services, the desire to be close to family and friends, to see family and/or friends and to experience the UK as a home country. The authors also find that the majority of medical tourists are returning "home" to their home country for treatment, with a substantial proportion of those who travel for treatment as part of a wider journey. In addition, there is evidence of a significant increase in the number of UK expatriates travelling for treatment.
Nigerian MTs to India consider medical tourism as an enforced necessity rather than a desired first choice. They usually consult domestic hospitals for their medical conditions because of their belief system that their needs would be met locally. Unmet needs resulting from service failure lead them to medical tourism. Having noted that the contextual meaning of medical tourism was foreign medical treatment and vacation, for Nigerian MTs, medical tourism equates to foreign medicaltreatment and vacation only unlike nationals of Western countries.
The results of the two-step Heckman correction model indicated that the nationwide sample was free from selection bias but sample selection bias was detected when the sample was divided into hotels in tourist and non-tourist destinations. The results of regression models consistently revealed a strong positive linkage between hotel efficiency and foreign demand from foreign guests, regardless of whether the hotels are located at tourist or non-destination destinations.
The results obtained show that the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information is very close to the actual population of the municipality. In addition, it is possible to estimate in more detail its distribution over the year, since its seasonality patterns are very different from those relative to more conventional tourists.
The results indicate that tourism has a positive and significant impact on economic growth. In particular, the growth in foreign currency income and direct and indirect employment are positively related to economic growth in Mexico. In addition, it is found that the growth of tourism has no significant effect on the generation of employment.
The study presented that the efficiency of this market differs between EU Member States and the reasons are diverse and the efficiency scores are different for each country. The results of the DEA model show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency score of the hospitals in the 15 EU Member State countries in terms of the number of non-resident patients. The efficiency scores of the EU hospitals are significantly higher for the countries with a higher proportion of medical tourists.
The findings of this study indicate that the destination's positioning strategy should be based on the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction. The findings of the study also reveal that there is a significant difference in the perception of tourists towards the tourism products of Kashmir region and the attributes that influence tourists' satisfaction. It is also found that there are specific niche markets that can be used in the development of the destination positioning strategy.
The findings suggest that Stone and Sharpley's thanatological framework is not applicable in the context of dark tourism consumption in Mexico, as Mexican society is renowned for having a distinct relationship with death, which suggests that the framework might not be appropriate in this setting.
The instrumental time of memory of the historical centre of El Puerto de Santa Maria is not only an object of memory, but it is also an instrument for the production of a meta-cultural product and, afterwards, a decontextualised and instrumental management of heritage. It is a process that produces a new chronotope that smashes the collective conscience because it fractures the expressive-symbolic continuity that links the past, present and future.
The results of this study show that the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed of Bahia De Cadiz has a positive impact on the number of unemployed people employed and on the improvement of their employability. In addition, the results show that there is a positive relationship between the participation in the programs and the level of the transversality of the unemployed, as well as a positive correlation between the number and the transverse competences.
The results of the study indicate that the CBBE index of Tourism Brand Kurukshetra is positive and significant. It is found that the tourism destination is attractive for tourists. Brand loyalty, brand image and brand infrastructure are the most important dimensions of CBBE. The study also finds that brand loyalty and brand image have a positive impact on the attractiveness of the destination.
The results of this study show how olive oil consumers are valuing several intangible aspects that are perceived as inherent. This even enables the assessment of the potential demand oleotourism may have according to gender, age and nationality. More than 60 per cent of respondents stated that they would be interested in travelling to areas with olive oil production and in learning about the role of this product in its environment.
The findings of this study show that tourists believe that physical security, positive social media coverage, international trade and cultural exchanges can help change their perception of a tourist destination that has been affected by terrorism.
The results obtained from the model used show that in the long-term the relative price is a determining factor in the purchase decision of both markets analyzed (the USA and Canada). The elasticity of the demand to the price implies that the market is sensitive to the variations in the price of tourist services, opting for the destination that offers the best rates, with a greater sensitivity to price when compared to Costa Rica. This sensitivity coincides with previous studies carried out in other tourist destinations, such as Greece.
The main contribution of this study comes from the analysis of food markets as experiential tourism resources and their interaction with social media as a communication tool with their clients. A tourist seeking experiences is a person that wants to escape, discover, enjoy and interact with local people and know their customs; therefore, markets can and should be part of this experience pursued by tourists. Besides, it is also essential to reach that new market niche and this analysis focuses on the way social media contribute in the positioning of tourist resources that offer experiences.
The results show that studying the characteristics of highly or highly marginalised localities may contribute to the expansion of benefits brought about by the Magic Towns Program. The diversity of natural resources, agricultural activity and low urbanisation suggests opportunities for alternative tourism projects such as ecotourism, whose mechanisms of natural heritage management are compatible with local forms of organisation. EcotourISM can both diversify the offer of attractions and distribute the benefits of tourism to neighbouring localities and foster sustainable perspectives.
The results show that there are other key variables besides the traditional gravity equation variables - habit persistence, distance and remoteness - which have a role in explaining tourism in the region. The habit persistence is a relevant determinant of tourism demand, revealing the importance of designing strategies to maintain the level of arrivals at their long-run trend. However, there are some differences in the relative importance of these variables according to whether the model considers the total flows of tourism, considering the spatial distribution of tourist arrivals and departures within and between regions. Finally, some of the results support the importance that Argentina and Brazil (the most populous countries of the bloc) as issuers and reception centers of tourism.
It is a great paradox that tourism would be selected as a target for jihadism but at the same time a naive activity for social scientists or at the least by the French Tradition. Despite the partisan criticism exerted on tourism as an alienatory force, this work showed two important aspects, which merits to be discussed. At a closer look, tourism should be understood as "a rite of passage" whose function associates to the revitalization of those glitches that happened during the cycles of production. Second, and most important, tourism accommodates those frustrations to prevent acts of separatism or the rise of extreme conflict among classes.
The results of the analysis show that the application of standards has been successful in improving the quality of tourist accommodation establishments in the Canary Islands. However, there are some weaknesses, such as a lack of consistency in the implementation of the standards and the lack of a systematization of the process in stages of implementation.
The results of the bibliometric study show that the majority of the articles in the scientific literature on mobile devices and tourism have been published in the last ten years. In addition, it is observed that there is a strong correlation between the use of mobile devices in the tourism industry and the number of articles published in academic journals.
Both students and teachers have optimistic views about online classes. However, there is always much room for improvement as far as online learning goes. The study also proved that e-learning has a more significant role to play in the future, but it cannot be a replacement to traditional face-to-face classroom learning. A complete transition to online learning is quite tricky.
The three Asian OUs have developed an internal mechanism for QA, involving internal assessment as well as external assessment by the agencies responsible for ensuring quality higher education in the respective countries. UT has gone further in external quality assessment through the ISO 9001, 21001 and ISO 27001 certifications, study program and institution accreditations by the BAN-PT and reviews by a panel of quality experts of the ICDE. The missions and goals of OUs are constantly aligned to satisfy the needs of students and stakeholders. QA has been acknowledged as a shared responsibility by all.
The results of the SWOT analysis show that AIOU has strengths in teaching and research and weaknesses in administration and management. The weaknesses of AIOU are lack of funds for research work, poor management, lack of budget and lack of investment in research and development. The opportunities of the institution are in the areas of research and teaching. The threats of the university are in areas of lack of resources, poor leadership, lack-of-resources and lack- of resources. The strengths of the University are in its ability to provide quality education and research.
The results of this study showed that the online formative assessment scores were significantly higher than the summative test scores for all CTE courses in the state of Mississippi. The results also showed that there were significant differences between the two types of assessments in terms of student mastery on the formative and summative assessments. In addition, the results showed that students who took the online assessments in the first year of their CTE course had significantly higher scores on their formative assessments than their summative exams.
In total, three main areas of research were identified for this review: (1) role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context, (2) factors influencing self-efficiency and (3) a framework for strengthening participants' self- efficacy in the online education context.
The results of the study revealed that the majority of the respondents were satisfied with the quality of the ODL programme. The study also revealed that there was a significant difference in the perception of students towards ODL and traditional, face-to-face education. It was also found that there were significant differences in the perceptions of ODL learners in terms of their attitudes towards the quality and quantity of content, content content, learning environment and learning environment. The results also showed that the learners were more satisfied with ODL than traditional education.
The findings of the study suggest that blockchain is a strategic resource for ODL institutions to harness its potentials for creating and sustaining competitiveness in the ODL environment by harnessing the untapped potentials of its dynamic developments in view of future trends of ODL. It can utilize it for empowerment of learners and encourage the idea formulation for free society benefitting the learners and institutions through its adoption.
The results showed that academic excellence is positively reflected by graduate satisfaction. The results positively showed that graduate satisfaction is dependable to self-confidence. The study also revealed that the university has been in service for 35 years of experience. It has more than 1.8m graduates and is serving 300,000 students per semester.
The results of the study show that the students' visions of mobile learning analytics in distance education are very positive. They believe that mobile learning has the potential to change the current situation of both face-to-face and distance learning. Thus, m-learning especially in open and distance education may revolutionize the learning and teaching practices.
The findings of this study indicate that NOU and UT have different approaches to address the needs of lifelong learning in their open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners. NOU has stated its vision, objectives and core competencies, and strategy to achieve the goal as an open university serving the need of Taiwan society for lifelong learning. UT has developed its vision to be a world-class open university and stated its major mission to make quality higher education open to all.
The findings of the study reveal that the use of ICT in ODL for the dissemination of higher education in tribal communities by using it as a strategy is still at its nascent stage in MP, India. However, it is evident from the findings that ICT can play a major substantive role by extending its support to meet the increasing higher educational needs of the huge population through ODL system. It can be used effectively to overcome the issues of cost, scarcity of teachers, quality and barriers of time and distance.
The findings of the study reveal that theory of planned behavior can successfully measure and predict the persistence intentions of students enrolled in various online courses. The study also confirms that factors associated with students' academic and social integration failed to predict their intentions to quit.
The results revealed that the students and teachers of ODL are proficient in advance searching, using e-tools for collaboration and data processing on computers in online mode. However, teachers in ODL were using digital verbs and tools related to lower-order thinking levels. Therefore, they must reflect upon the importance and strategies to use higher- order thinking skill for ODL learners.
The results of the study showed that the most preferred social media content was Facebook, followed by Twitter, WhatsApp and Skype. The results also showed that students preferred to use social media for information seeking, entertainment, entertainment and social interaction purposes. The study also revealed that the students' online friendship patterns were significantly influenced by the frequency of social media usage and the number of friends they had.
The results of the study indicate that the top six countries (USA, UK, France, Germany, India, China, Japan, Germany and the USA) are the most contributing countries towards MOOCs. The study also reveals that the USA, Germany (the largest economy), India (the second largest economy) and the UK (the third largest economy in the world) have the highest contribution in the MOOC domain.
The findings of the study reveal that the research in the field of open and distance education (ODE) in India has been growing at a rapid pace in the recent past. The study reveals that the number of articles published in the journals has increased significantly in the last two decades. It also reveals that there is a growing trend of research on ODE from the perspective of research by faculty members working at OUs and DDEs.
The results showed that service quality and satisfaction are positively related to students' accomplishment in terms of academic performance, loyalty and future career. Moreover, satisfaction was found to moderate the relationship of service quality with persistence, academic performance and loyalty.
The findings of this study revealed that the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka Indonesia (UT) have been in the continuous process into transformation to become modern open universities using new technology in teaching and learning and management of their services. These developments of two open universities into their current state are worth being investigated. This study was made possible by the AAOU Inter-University Staff Exchange Fellowship 2019 offered by OUSL.
The results of the study show that the relationship between academic achievement and student retention is positive and significant. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between the academic achievement of the students and the retention rate.
The findings of this study revealed that the blended learning approach is a source of satisfaction of students' psychological needs (autonomy, competence and relatedness) through the use of technology-based learning. It was also found that blended learning positively influences the engagement and competency of students. It has been suggested that adoption of the technology will not only make abstracts concepts easy to understand and visualize but also open a gateway for teachers to make complex concepts uncomplicated to explain and elaborate.
- The findings indicate that the majority of students have access to technology through mobile phones and are aware of blended learning. Even though they prefer to integrate blended learning with learning law, they do not prefer entirely learning online. It is also acknowledged that the internal staff has knowledge and access to the use of technology in teaching law while external staff face challenges. The findings of this study reveal that the LL.B Degree programme can be delivered efficiently using blended learning including the platforms preferred by the students such as social media and mobile applications.
The findings of the study reveal that the majority of the respondents are not able to avail the opportunity to enroll themselves in the MOOCs due to the lack of awareness and awareness among the learners about the benefits of online delivery of educational contents. Moreover, the study also reveals that there is a significant difference in the adoption and utilization of online education delivery in both the developed and developing countries on the basis of utility and success rate.
The findings of this study revealed that the creative collaborative group project is a feasible, effective and acceptable learning activity for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a HEI through distance learning. It was found that the students found it to be an effective way to exercise their creative capacity.
The findings of this study revealed that the participants in this immersive and gamified play were able to gain a better understanding of the historical events of the Philippine Revolution. They also gained insights into the processes and skills of the Katipunan, the secret revolutionary movement that led the struggle against Spain in 1896. The study also found that the learning experiences of the participants were facilitated by the use of game elements and the immersive environment.
- It was found that time constraints, irregular contact, technological issues, legal issues and official restrictions are the issues in DL that create communication barriers between students and supervisors. Whereas student-supervisor interaction, student diversity, virtual communities, students perceptions toward DL and academic collaboration are the main challenges in the DL supervision.
The findings show that e-learning and online tutoring systems in Japanese writing centers are different from writing centers in the USA. In addition, e-learners are more likely to use the online writing tutoring system than face-to-face tutors, and e- tutoring is used more often than online tutors. However, the number of tutoring sessions is insufficient to nurture undergraduates' writing skills.
First, days of access has the highest correlation with the course grade, followed by hits count, and connection time is much less relevant to students' learning performance, i.e. course grade. Student age and gender have the lowest correlation with course grade and the correlation between online time and student achievement is relatively low. Second, based on the above inferences, this paper provides some way for teachers to roughly predict students' performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties.
The paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective fieldwork supervision to the students. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of fieldWork supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective fieldWork Supervisors.
According to the interviews with students in and after class, students can actively discuss design with the classmates online, learn from each other and share their games with others after class. There are big differences in understanding level and practical ability between different students. Teachers need to constantly inspect students' situation in online discussion when students carry out interface design and logic design. The whole class is student oriented, with the teacher playing the role of a guider, source provider and server in distance, so that students can experience the complete process of problem solving and stimulate their innovation ability in the process of doing.
The findings of this study revealed that the proposed framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom for open education can be used as a starting-point for the design of online learning environment of open education in the context of Web 2.0. In addition, this study also found that the framework of OMO classroom can also be used to improve the teaching and learning experience in open education courses.
The study found that the APEL-A assessment methods are based on the adult learning theory, experiential learning theory and the Johari Window Concept. However, the assessors found that there are challenges and best practices that arise during the process of APEL assessment. The assessors' recommendations for improving the process are as follows. First, the assessment methods should be tailored to the needs of the candidate and the institution. Second, APEL assessors should be aware of the best practices of other higher education institutions (HEIs) that are implementing APEL. Third, the process should be streamlined to ensure that all stakeholders are involved in the process. Finally, the best best practices should be documented and documented in order that universities are aware of them for further and continuous improvement.
The results of the review show that there is a significant increase in the number of articles on recommender systems for e-learning from 2014 to 2018. The most important research topics in recommender system research are the application of recommendation algorithms, the development of recommendation filtering techniques and the use of the learning style of learners in the recommendation process. In addition, there is also a significant decrease in the research on the application and development of the recommendation technology in an e-Learning system.
The results for the overall employer satisfaction confirm that employers highly appreciate HOU's postgraduates in numeracy skills and ICT literary skills for foundation skills, collaboration skills and analytical skills for professional competencies, integrity, responsible, interpersonal skills for organizational skills, productivity, time management and organization and planning with technical knowledge and lifelong learning, capacity to use knowledge and skills in the workplace context and knowledge-related regulations and policies at workplace as the most important skills.
The results showed that students were generally satisfied with the quality of orientation sessions held at the ZOU Midlands Regional Campus. This is highlighted by the majority of students who echoed positive sentiments; although there were few ones who echoed negative sentiments about orientation. The quantitative results also showed some positive correlations between orientation variables and positive ratings of the orientation preparations as well as actual orientation presentations. In some cases, negative correlations were recorded but they were rather small. Thus research questions of the study were answered and null hypotheses of lack of consistency in the sessions, lack of correlations between Orientation variables and lack of overall quality were rejected.
The results of the study revealed that the students' perception towards the quality and effectiveness of social work education through ODL is positive. The results also revealed that there is a significant difference in the perception of students from different socio-economic backgrounds towards the ODL programme. The study also found that there are significant differences in the perceptions of the students from the same socio-cultural background as well as from other social workers.
The innovative rubrics presented here can support both, in addition to improving common understanding, promoting consistent expectation of the learning outcome and minimizing various interpretations across the assignment stakeholders. As outcome-based assessment is now very popular among ODL institutions, it is aptly suitable to consider widespread of usage of rubrics as a one-stop assessment platform for guiding and grading.
It has been established that their traditional direct relationship is due to a mediator which is students' engagement to their classes. This mediation is statistically significant. In other words, the teachers' efforts and performance generate an engagement experience for the student, and it is this experience which motivates students to excel and develop. It has been further established that the mediation is equally effective for both the genders. Further, this mediation is also identical for the two types of students.
The findings of the evaluation of the mobile application showed challenges with respect to development time, high production costs, technical and organizational issues, workload of academics and necessity of providing technical support both to remote students and faculty. It was felt that the design-based research build on the principles of stakeholder centredness was effective in developing mobile learning application. This was due to the fact that the researchers and the practitioners were actively involved throughout the whole process and supported each other to produce an effective mobile application.
The introduction of new technologies has affected student support at UKOU specifically, what this impact implies for open universities more generally and in what direction innovations toward the sustainability of open universities should proceed. It is argued that introducing more online tutorials and diminishing face-to-face tutorials is likely to be effective in terms of realizing the Open and Distance Education rationale behind.
This study identified two major ways to innovative teaching as reported by educators in Asia, in terms of whether or not technologies are involved. The technology-oriented approaches were applied and regarded as important in areas such as assisting students' learning and increasing the teacher-student interaction. The importance of the non-technology-oriented innovations lay in, for example, enhancing students' independent learning ability, creativity and self-reflection, with features such as cross-disciplinary collaboration, creativity, active learning and the facilitation of teaching. The innovations addressed both students' academic and non-academic aspects and teachers' work. The educators also recommended improvements for the innovations, such as catering for students' diverse needs and evaluation by different stakeholders.
The results of the study revealed that the most important factors influencing student persistence in ODL are the quality of education delivery and student satisfaction. The most important barriers to student persistence are the lack of support from the institution and the lack and difficulty in accessing the institution's online resources. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in student persistence between full-time face-to-face and part-time F2F students.
The results of the study revealed that e-servicescapes have a positive impact on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality. It was also found that LMS evaluation, instructor evaluation and student perception of LMS have a significant impact on LMS and student engagement. In addition, experience quality mediates the relationship between LMS, student engagement and student behaviour.
Based on the findings of the study, some conclusions are drawn. First, HRD practices at Hanoi Open University are not strong enough in terms of providing employees' career opportunities, developing employees' capacities and utilizing employees' potentials. Second, the HRD climate referring to supporting employees and building team spirit activities at HOU is not efficient enough. Third, human resource development at Houston is not sufficient enough to enable the employees to develop their competences and achieve their personal best. Fourth, the university has not effectively utilized benefits from HRD in building staff-training policies and staff development programs to gain better performances. Fifth, technological infrastructure and manpower for online training at HOU still need improvement to fully actualize their thrusts.
The review of the case studies revealed that Smart LA has the potential to improve student learning experiences. However, there is a lack of research on how Smart LA can be used to improve learning experiences, and how it can be applied in the context of smart learning. The review also highlights the need for further research on the use of Smart LA to understand how to design smart learning environments and how to apply existing technologies.
The paper identifies the need for renewed international programmes of leadership development as key to the future of their institutions. The paper also reports on an increasing number of recent commentaries expressing concern about the performance and achievement of Open Universities some 50 years after the establishment of the new model for a university, and assesses the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals.
ODL can facilitate as well as strengthen the system of higher education in India to a significant extent. It is because ODL can easily provide quality education and global learning at the doorstep of the people at a cheaper cost. It also encourages people to share their knowledge and innovative thoughts by using various ICT tools in a wider context.
The findings from the move analysis and keyword analysis show that the "About Us" sections of the AAOU members' websites generally serve as the universities' vehicles for promotion and distinction. However, the results of the concordance analysis show the contexts wherein words were used by the members of AAOU in order to make sense of social realities.
The process mapping and FMEA revealed that there is a lack of collaboration among the departments in the process of implementing the student retention supporting process. There is a need to standardise and institutionalise good practices to other areas of the university to improve the process.
The results of the study showed that the use of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of online cooperative learning in the form of group reports has a positive effect on the satisfaction of the database students. The study also found that group reporting has a significant effect on students' satisfaction with the course content.
First, the paper constructs a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources, and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology, and resources. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework. Second, the model integrates school, social and institutions, i.e. three types of teacher resources. It effectively solves the problems of insufficient teacher resources and excessive teaching pressure in the existing platforms. Third, it integrates the curriculum resources of school, personal and institutional courses from three sides and solves the shortcomings. Fourth, it provides a matching basis for the supply and demand of resources through theConstruction of personal learning needs database and reduces the asymmetry of information and improves the efficiency and effectiveness of lifelong career construction effectively. Fifth, it proposes to operate
The conceptual and operational frameworks are based on Biggs' (1996) framework of notions and dimensions of quality in MOOCs. It is expected that the framework can be used as a starting point for researchers and practitioners to critically think on quality in the frame of MOOC.
The study ascertains that academic excellence leads to persistence and loyalty and then followed by future careers. Additionally, academic excellence is affected by evaluation systems, referral systems, academic referral schemes, academic counseling, learning materials, and student orientation.
The integration of the EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) widget into the learning spaces of the LMS has increased the visibility of the library in the e-learning platform. The library has been able to increase its visibility among the distance learners and academic faculties. The integration has also helped the library to increase the visibility in the university community.
The results of the study revealed that the peripheral services offered by the OUSL were found to be effective in increasing student involvement in the study program. The study also revealed that students are willing to pay a premium price for these peripheral services as compared to the other services.
The findings showed that the aspects of device usability, interaction learning, and social technology as suggested in the FRAME model were partly fulfilled. Despite the potential of using mobile technologies in nursing education, attention should be paid to the perceptual differences between students and the teacher on the nature and functions of mobile learning.
The findings indicate that the conceptions of learning in technology-enhanced learning environments differ significantly from those in conventional classroom learning. The students and teachers have different conceptions of their daily routine of "learning," and the major distinction is in the way they conceptualize learning in various educational contexts especially with the adoption of technology.
The findings from this research study seem to suggest that OUM learners have a positive perception of video lectures with reference to the two dimensions of "ease of use" and "usefulness". Where ease of use is concerned, the learners rate content relevancy, appropriate language and viewing flexibility as the strongest points of the video lectures. The technical aspects are ranked lowest (ability to play the video lecture smoothly from the beginning to the end) as well as objective usage (video lectures are not rated as high as revision material for exam preparation).
The results of the study showed that the students who learned with the developed e-learning environment could develop an understanding of basic computer programming by analyzing the data. Furthermore, the study revealed that students had a positive attitude toward the developed online learning environment which fits with their personalized learning.
The proposed empirical framework and OER mainstreaming checklist identifies several processes to be completed by the key stakeholders for successful mainstreaming of OER in an academic institution. One key feature of the framework is its horizontal structure where stakeholders take a team-based approach to completing the required tasks for mainstreaming OER.
The paper finds that the design-based approach to open educational practices (OEP) has the potential to make a difference in the teaching-learning process. The design of such learning experiences requires a close working relationship and partnership between researchers and practitioners in the field. This requires engagement of teachers and learners in open practices which are participatory, collaborative and innovative, the extent of which will vary, depending on the context and culture of places and people.
The results suggest that positive outcomes have been widely reported in relevant case studies. The results suggest great potential for ODL institutions to utilize LA for analysing existing data, which is expected to benefit their operations in areas such as quality assurance and student support. This study also reviewed various predictive models for student success which were developed and validated to identify and prioritize students who may be in need of support. The quantitative analyses confirmed that the learning performance of these students improved after they had been approached for LA-based interventions.
The majority of the BSc undergraduates were employed, late adolescent lower middle class, and the majority of them were from the rural areas of the country. The majority of these students were in the middle class and had a high level of education. The students were mostly from the urban areas of Sri Lanka. The results of the study indicate that there was a significant difference in the level of knowledge on ODL concepts between the two groups of students. The study also revealed that the students who were employed had a higher level of ODL knowledge than those who were not employed and those who had a lower level of educational background.
The paper shows that VSM can be used to aggregate the action logs of students and quantify it into a single numeric value that can be use to generate visualizations of students' level of activity. While the visualizations do not seem to depict course performance, the value it presents is in terms of helping instructors monitor course progression and enable them to rapidly identify which students are not performing well and adjust their teaching strategies accordingly.
The QA process for print module development is very clear in defining what the standards of achievement are, including documented procedures for each process. The QMS in the CiDT is crucial to ensure the continuity of the quality work culture. The various procedures and work instructions that are in place set out a number of tools to facilitate the module development process. Checklists are available in most processes such as screening, conducting module writing and moderating workshops and also during the actual development stage. If followed correctly, the staff will not leave out any important work instruction and the processes can be executed smoothly and effectively.
The adoption rate of online examination as an innovation at Bengkulu Regional Office of UT was linked to a number of students' demographics. The length of time between the beginning of the second semester of 2013 and their first participation in the online examination was taken into account to extend the measure of the students' adoption. The diffusion of innovation theory was then used to analyze the Students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards.
The findings of the study revealed that MOOCs have a very low completion rate as the participants' interest diminish with the progress of courses. It is anticipated that in the future, structural improvement in infrastructure could positively impact the MOOC enrollments in regional language. Launching of MO OCs in regional languages is a daunting task which requires ceaseless effort from all the stakeholders. Particularly, it needs to draw special attention and interest from academicians and HEC.
The results show that the proposed soft computing model is able to detect significant differences in student achievement in terms of both predictor and outcome variables. Moreover, the proposed model can be applied to a wide range of educational data sets.
Results from this study have confirmed that distance learners experience critical difficulties in effectively searching for information and utilizing the said information in the scholarship of learning and research. Also, efforts are required from library and relevant stakeholders in guiding distance learners to successfully acquire and manage information in this digital age.
Findings of this study provide some insights for shortening the duration of the BTech and BIS degree programmes offered by the FET of the OUSL. Institutional barriers such as poor academic counselling and guidance, laboratory sessions being inappropriate/not sufficient to understand the course material, inadequate resources and facilities such as library resources and computer and internet facilities, poor teaching and learning environments and lack of laboratory facilities at the regional/study centres have contributed immensely to the lengthy duration taken to complete the degrees. Personal factors such as work-related challenges, travelling time, travelling cost and cost of commuting to the main centre located in Colombo and inability to spend the required time expected of the programme have played major roles on the prolonged completion of the degree programmes. Results indicate that the cost of tuition is not a major barrier for on-time completion. Psychological barriers, such as possessing a limited repertoire of study strategies, lack of understanding of ODL methods and deficiency of constant motivation throughout the study period had a
The results of the study revealed that the ODEL program has been successful in transforming future public health professionals in the Philippines. The students have been able to acquire new knowledge, skills, and competencies in the field of public health. They have also been exposed to a wide range of health-related activities and have gained valuable experience in the use of open and distance learning (ODeL).
The results indicate that the blended learning approach is effective in building student-teachers' capacity to learn and teach science-related interdisciplinary subjects. The results also indicate that teachers' self-efficacy is positively influenced by their perceived level of mastery of content knowledge in science.
The findings of this study revealed that the most acceptable mobile-friendly OERs are those that use responsive web design (RWD) to automatically adjust for mobile device sizes and resolutions. The findings also indicated that there is a need for the use of mobile devices to be integrated into the OER repository, as well as the development of a mobile interface that can be used to access the repository.
The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms is evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set to improve the generalization of results; one classical density-based clustering method (i.e. DBSCAN) is used for comparison, and the experimental results are analyzed in more detail; and more detailed information and in-depth discussion is provided in the introduction, experiments, conclusion, and future research directions.
The authors observed changes in ODL research in 2015 compared with 2005. In particular, the authors observed an increase in research on macro-level issues with the support of empirical, especially quantitative, results on innovative theoretical positions. The authors also found that the research methods used by ODL researchers in 2015 were more exploratory and exploratory in nature. In addition, the use of multiple types of sources for data collection was more common in 2015 than in 2005. Finally, the target group or population to whom the researchers address their research questions was found to have changed.
The findings from the evaluation indicate that the system with ontological structure is an effective learning system to enhance learners' understanding of the course taught. The proposed system is designed with concepts and relationships organization can be a valuable means to highlight the essential aspect of thecourse of what is important and need to be learned.
The results of the survey revealed that employment and distance from their residences to central campus are the major challenges faced by students with the inclusion of face-to-face components in a distance education system. The ILES helps to overcome such challenges, when delivering laboratory classes.
iRadio OUM plays an important role in developing e-learning materials for OUM. It adds value to the printed modules and addresses the different learning styles or preferences of the learners. Auditory learners may benefit greatly from the audio files provided and visual learners can truly take advantage of the videos uploaded via OUMportal. The positive response from the content developed, broadcasted and uploaded so far has encouraged i radio OUM to continue exploring new delivery platforms and development tools to further solidify its place as a quality audio learning material provider.
This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources (ROER), a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. Being the first non-Japanese user of this open source software, the paper aims to share the experiences gained from conducting the research project.
Sri Lankans, Pakistanis and Mauritians agreed that their cultures exhibit characteristics of high power distance, collectivism and feminine values supporting the cultural dimensions put forward in Hofstede's (1980) framework. However, there were no definite dimensional perspectives from the Mauritian participants regarding power distance and collectivism. The inability to define their own cultural context using bi-polar dimensions may reflect the sociocultural context of a multiethnic, multireligious, multicultural, multilingual and more egalitarian society. Therefore, Hof stede's framework was not directly applicable to national culture.
The results showed that academic related dimensions such as facilitator, support services and curriculum are most crucial to students, besides the faculty and learning centres. The quadrant and gap analysis identified the following items as OUM's critical points: facilitator interaction and feedback, students' sense of connectedness with the staff, timely responses to enquiries and complaints, accessibility to digital library and staff of learning centres and online registration.
It was confirmed that the UK OER impact study, with specific reference to the benefits to institutions and academic as well as to learners, was unquestionable; apart from the minor impediments might still take place. The key benefits elaborated here are related to factors in learning environment, such as pedagogic, attitudinal, logistics, and strategic sphere of influence.
The peer-facilitated discussion forum activities were found to be very effective in facilitating the participants in their knowledge construction process. In addition to understanding the content more effectively, the peer-discussions have helped them to assess each other's work aswell as self-assess their work and further improve. The three elements - cognitive presence, social presence and teaching presence have played a major role in knowledge construction in OEReL. While cognitive presence and social presence were found as the most indicative, teaching presence of students in facilitating their peers too was significant. A complementary relationship between cognitive Presence, Social Presence and Teaching Presence was observed, where the three elements have interacted in supporting knowledge construction.
The findings show that the majority of the factors identified in the literature are present in MOOCs. However, the extent to which they are adopted by MOOC providers in practice is limited. The findings also show that there is no evidence that MOOC instructors are using the same teaching strategies as in conventional online courses.
Patients of secondary mental health services who were referred to a social prescribing service reported higher levels of emotional, psychological and social well-being than patients of primary care settings. The most common reasons for referral were low self-esteem and self-efficacy, and a reduction in symptoms of mental ill-health such as anxiety. Support from VCSEs was associated with increased self-confidence, social interaction with health professionals, and increased involvement in work, volunteering and social groups.
The results of the study revealed that the service quality of Islamic banks in Malaysia is composed of three dimensions, i.e. customer satisfaction, customer loyalty and trust. The results also revealed that trust plays a mediating role in the relationship between customers' satisfaction and loyalty.
The results show that capital structure determinants fail to confirm either the trade-off theory or the pecking order theory. Indeed, the amount of sukuk depends significantly and negatively on profitability and significantly and positively on earning volatility which is contrary to the tradeoff theory. Thus, the paper finds no evidence of either trade-offs or pecking orders. Besides, it also finds evidence of the target level debt target model and the fund flow deficit model. The paper also finds that the suKuk change is significantly linked to the deviation from a suKUK target. So, sukUK issuance aligns toward an optimal leverage.
This study found that only ROE was statistically significant and positive to economic growth in the frame of the endogenous growth model. In addition, this study found a positive and statistically significant relationship between the financial performance of Islamic banks and economic growth.
The proposed system is closer to Shari'ah than the current international monetary system. It is also closer to Maqasid Shari'sah than any other currency system.
The study reveals the benefits of business financial inclusion to include recordkeeping improvement, the reduction of the risks of bad debts, reduction of risks associated with cash, business zakah enhancement, poverty alleviation, sales improvement, business growth, support from government and other development and employment opportunities and the provision of employment opportunities. Other benefits are carrying out religious and other philanthropic activities which greatly contribute to the welfare of the ummah.
- The paper finds that the corpus of classical waqf jurisprudence displays a coherent synthesis of Maqasid al-Shari'ah-oriented rulings in the resultant rulings of Waqf. In other words, in deriving essential principles of waqF, the jurists ensured that the essentialities of Ma Qasid-al-Sharisah are subtly intermingled with the necessary components of usul al-fiqh (principles of Islamic juris Prudence).
The results show that the SSB has a positive and significant impact on IB performance. The SSB is also found to be an important stakeholder that affects the performance of IBs. In addition, SSB certification of approval has a significant and positive effect on IBs' performance. However, the impact of SSB on IB's performance varies across jurisdictions.
The paper finds that bank lending is supported by strong balance sheet conditions (high capital ratio and growth of provisioning and deposits), higher growth of both oil prices and nonoil private sector GDP. Lower bank concentration helps, likely through greater competition, so does stronger institution. Bank lending growth rises with stronger oil price performance and domestic economic activity. Interest rates, either domestic or foreign, do not systematically affect bank lending. A rise in bank holdings of government bonds diversifies bank asset portfolios but crowds out bank lending by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
The results show that SWFs from Muslim countries are essential to reform their structure, management, governance, transparency and accountability mechanism. The application of Islamic finance principles on conventional SWFs will improve governance mechanism and reduce the threatening image of SWFs.
The case studies of Peterborough SIB and recent SRI development within the Islamic finance industry show that there is still much contention of what is being practiced in the industry - there is a "formalist deadlock" whereby Islamic finance practice has been more concerned with the formal adherence to Islamic legal rules while putting the substance and its true objectives of at the back seat. However, progress is certainly being made, with SRI developments such as Green sukuk, vaccine suKuk and SRI sukUK over the past few years. With the growing interest towards social impact investing, various calls have also been made for the development of SIS.
The authors propose a collaborative SPE model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program. Islamic banks can provide financing to large segments of society and play their role in economic development. NBFIs can be a part of SPE by providing financial resources as well as their extensive knowledge of regional markets to focus on particular geographical regions and market segment. SPEs can utilize Islamic capital markets to generate more capital and obtain Takaful cover for specific projects at later stage.
The results show that the equity contract has a higher degree of reciprocity than the debt contract in the presence of self-interest and reputation. Moreover, the reciprocity in the equity contracts is enhanced by the borrower's care about their reputation in the market.
The results show that the Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia are underpriced at an average return of 8.5 per cent, which is significantly lower than the common IPO market returns. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the IPO underpricing between the two groups of companies. However, there is a significant difference between the IPO returns of the two types of companies with respect to the IPO performance.
- A substantial portion of the labor force will be in job retraining programs at any moment. Education and training are expanding throughout society.Rapid changes in the job market and work-related technologies necessitate increased training for many workers. The inevitable obsolescence of human knowledge will help drive the adoption of artificial intelligence. AI will make training for new careers largely obsolete. Specialization is spreading throughout the industry and professions.
The findings show that The Venetian's promotional material promotes the experience economy and promotes authenticity through the promotion of authentic experiences, including a sense of genuineness, authenticity and authenticity of the experience.
The results show that workplace learning has a positive influence on organisational performance in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. However, the results also show that the influence of workplace learning is not as strong as expected. The findings show that there is a positive and significant relationship between workplace learning and organisational performances.
The results reveal five streams of expected benefits associated with personal interactions: friendliness, social, information, curiosity and service. The benefit dimensions may be further grouped into two benefit categories: civility and utility. The results offer comprehensive insights into the benefits of people interactions in terms of guest-to-guest, guest-To-server and guest- to-locals.
The findings of the study revealed that museum experience, satisfaction and loyalty are significant factors that have an impact on the loyalty of tourists in the studied area. In addition, the moderating effect of visiting frequency on the relationship between satisfaction and WPM was also found to be significant.
- The results showed that the wellness program had a significant positive impact on job satisfaction. The results also showed that there was a significant relationship between wellness program implementation and job satisfaction in the workplace. However, the results did not support the hypothesis that wellness program participants were more likely to report higher job satisfaction than non-participants.
The results of this study indicated that employees of different positions, tenure and training levels were significantly more likely to intervene when noticing a food safety threat. The results also indicated that the perceived severity of the threat had a significant impact on the likelihood of intervention. In addition, social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment.
The findings indicate that digital marketing like social media marketing, creative content and mobile advertising can act as digital marketing trends to increase international tourist arrivals for Africa. Nigeria has the competitive advantage of population, smartphone users and internet users over other African countries. Hence, it has the capacity to utilize digital marketing through text messaging and mobile advertisements to encourage internet users to share tourism content within and outside Africa to enhance tourism growth. Egypt has the Facebook subscriber competitive advantage over other countries in Africa. Tanzania has a competitive advantage in terms of population and internet user to enjoy opportunities in digital marketing compared to countries like Kenya, South Africa and Uganda.
The results of this study indicated that students' overall satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency were significantly higher for residents than for commuters. In addition, students' dining frequency was found to be positively related to the quality of food, ambience, value, value for money, food and beverage options, service and service satisfaction and meal plan satisfaction. The results also indicated that the relationship between dining frequency and satisfaction was stronger for residential students than for commuter students.
This study found that perceived usefulness (PU), perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived credibility (PC), perceived change risk (PCR), perceived equipment risk (PER), and perceived security/privacy threats (PCP) had significant effects on consumers' acceptance of hotel smartphone apps. In addition, perceived psychological resistance (PR) had a significant effect on the relationship between PU and acceptance.
The results show that culinary fans and culinary critics differ in sociodemographics, psychographics, and behavioral characteristics. Culinary fans are more likely to be female, have higher levels of education, live in a metropolitan area, have a higher level of income, have more children and live in the metropolitan area of a destination than culinary critics. In addition, culinary fans have more positive attitudes towards the local cuisine of the destination and are less likely to have a negative attitude towards a destination's culinary offerings.
This article proposes a set of introductory HRI guidelines with standards for autonomous hospitality service robots based on an extensive literature review. These are organized into service performance categories to provide more context for their application in hospitality settings.
The results of the study revealed that age, gender, education level, marital status, income and marital status were found to be significant predictors of leisure tourists' travel motivation. The results also revealed that the importance of travel motivation was found to differ among the two groups.
The results suggest that nondestination gaming locales' gaming performance, measured by volume, showed resistance to the economic downturn. During the Great Recession, gaming volume and employment levels were significantly lower than before the recession, and were significantly higher than after the recession. The results also suggest that the economic impact of the Great recession on gaming and employment was greater in repeater markets than in destination markets.
The results indicate that the cost savings associated with contracting out school food service operations are significantly higher than the cost of operating the district's own food service operation. The results also indicate that there is a significant increase in the quality of food services provided by the contracted out operations over time.
The results of this study showed that guests' tipping motivations (i.e. server and food quality and adherence to social norms) and demographic characteristics influence loyalty to the server to a greater extent than did gender, age and income.
The findings indicate that QSR consumers place high importance on economic, social and environmental sustainable practices and QSR consumer perceptions of QSR brand practice perceptions of sustainable practices. These three sustainability factors are important to consumers that place a high level of importance on these factors, in fact, they are willing to pay a premium for QSR products. Perceptions of actual QSR sustainability practices were also drivers of actual WTPP for consumers. And, when QSR customers personally engaged in sustainability behaviors (reducing pollution, recycling and locality), these consumers, in particular, were more likely to have higher WTPP.
The results of this study showed that men and women had significantly different motivations to attend a non-traditional festival in Saudi Arabia. Specifically, men had significantly higher levels of personal and interpersonal seeking and escaping motivations than women. Additionally, the results showed that there were significant gender differences in the importance attached to seeking and escape motivations within and between genders.
Findings from this research demonstrate that music is integral to adding value to the customer experience. In the pilot study, industry professionals expressed implicit theories about the value of music. Music can be used to help customers regulate emotions and improve mood, enhance the customer Experience as well as help in attracting new consumer segments. Results from the field experiment found that those exposed to music were likely to improve mood and express more favorable evaluations of the service and product quality of the establishment. Results also support mood congruency judgment.
The results of this study reveal that the average load time for desktop and mobile devices is 3 s and 3 s, respectively. The study also finds that mobile websites load time is significantly faster than desktop websites, with a mean load time of 3 s for mobile and 3.5 s for desktop websites.
Based on the principal component analysis, it was found that transportation, professional management level, event theme, sufficient information exposure, climate and the natural environment are the principal factors influencing urban MICE competitiveness in CMCA member cities. In addition, the authors found that the indicators of CMCA's member cities' MICE development are: the number of hotels, number of restaurants and number of hotel rooms, the amount of hotels per capita, the average number of rooms per hotel and the average price per room. The authors also found that there are significant differences in the relative importance of the indicators for each city.
The findings of this two-part study suggest that a closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process is a relatively straightforward list of steps that can result in significant improvements in both faculty performance and in students effectively learning what they should from each of their hospitality courses. This process can best be described as best practices for higher education.
It was found that only 3 out of 25 randomly selected high performing hospitality programs posted their program's learning outcomes and none posted their assessment results on the program's site (one university did post some learning outcomes on the university site).
The findings of this paper show that the Japanese restaurant market in Hong Kong is still growing and there is room for Japanese food to continue to grow for the near future. The challenges discussed will most likely still exist but much like the work done by those in the past, this current generation is paving the way for opportunity for the future.
In the model, six of the eight hypotheses were supported. PV had a stronger influence on CL in an indirect way (via customer satisfaction). The direct impact of customer satisfaction on CL was also shown to be strong. PMS was the major influence factor of PV in contrast to the hypothesised PSQ relationship with PV. Further, PMS appeared to be a strong driver of PSQ. Moreover, the negative effect of PMS on PV indicated this impact may be a challenge mitigate in a restaurant context.
The research findings suggest higher levels of college GPA, career goals specific to the student's desire to become a PGA professional, and higher level of faculty engagement are related to intention to persist. Additionally, the results suggest that students' satisfaction with major, being a leader in the student association, and involvement in the students' student association are also related to intent to persist in the PGA-GMUP cohort.
The findings of this study revealed that human brand credibility has a positive impact on human brand equity, while nonhuman brand credibility does not have a significant impact on brand equity. In addition, the results of the study also revealed that the impact of human brand characteristics on brand credibility and brand equity is stronger for nonhuman brands than for human brands.
The findings of this study indicate that job satisfaction is influenced by a variety of factors, including job security, job autonomy, job satisfaction and job security. The findings also indicate that Latino employees working in a multicultural work environment are more likely to be dissatisfied with their job satisfaction than their English-speaking counterparts.
The study finds that Gwadar Port enjoys a very geostrategic position in the region as it is located near the significant sea trade routes, choking the throat of several important maritime routes from Africa, Europe via the Red Sea, the Strait of Hormuz, the Persian Gulf to East Asia and the Pacific. Despite the opportunities, there are also challenges for the implementation of the projects in Pakistan. The difficulties which scholars have identified to impede successful accomplishments of CPEC are both internal and external.
The results show that the importance and satisfaction levels of students are similar across the 20 measurement items, and that students are equally satisfied with the overall performance of EMI in shipping and maritime courses. However, there are some aspects of the EMI course that are perceived to be more important than others, and these are grouped into four quadrants as "I - Concentrate here", "II - Keep up the good work", "III - Low priority" and "IV - Possible overkill".
This paper finds that, although there is a shortage of the supply of labour of Greek seafarers, Greek shipping companies try to offer them some concessions to keep the supply stable. However, this is not a primary objective of these companies in some cases and can be sacrificed, and consequently, this gives rise to Greek seafarer dissatisfaction. Even if there have been signs of improvement in seafarers' welfare after the entry into force of MLC 2006, the Greek government, as well as shipping companies, have avoided intensifying their efforts due to opportunistic attitude and depressed market tone since the financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic at present.
The results show that shorter cruise trip duration and lower prices increase the possibility of participation in cruise tourism. In addition, inclusion of Nagasaki and Hong Kong as destinations is effective for those of working age. For those of retirees, their main reason for not participating in cruise Tourism is unavailability of air transportation. As for segmentation by working age and retirees, there are more positive intentions to participate in cruiseTourism among younger generations compared to younger generations.
The results of the study show that the blue economy factors have a positive and significant impact on economic growth in the SAARC countries. The results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between GDP per capita and the level of blue economy in the South Asian countries.
For testing the impact of fish production on FDI inflow, the authors found that the model fails to give any evidence if there is a long-run relationship between fish production and FDI. This result is supported as the FDI in Oman mainly concentrates on the oil sector and not sufficiently for the marine industry. On the other hand, in equation (2), the response to shocks is very fast, that if the system is going to receive a shock, it will return to equilibrium within less than two periods, and we find that a one per cent change in fish production will react negatively with marine trade balance in Oman by 1.9%. In addition to that, the short-run elasticity about to be perfect but negative as well. The previous result was not surprising as developing the fish production industry requires developing infrastructure, fishing vessels and other equipment and tools, despite fish production experienced significant growth in Oman during the period under study, but this development demanded new technologies, which in most cases
This study enlightens the most recorded deficiencies and analyzed them with the help of fault three method. These calculated frequencies/probabilities show the most seen nonconformities and the root causes of detentions in the Black Sea Region in which those results will be benefited strategically that enables a holistic point of view.
The results of the study indicate that the main strengths, weaknesses, threats and opportunities (SWOT) of the proposed multimodal transport system are: political strategy, energy, productivity, productivity management and investment. In addition, the SWOT analysis shows that the strategic importance of the Northern Logistics route for Korean logistics companies and shippers is high. However, there is a need for the development of a more comprehensive multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) model to determine the optimal intermodal transport route.
The results indicate that the most important inland logistics service attributes for Chinese landlocked regions are: reliable shipping and direct foreign direct investments; efficient and reliable inland transportation; and a wide range of product offerings. In addition, the results show that the shipper's perceived dissatisfaction with the inland logistics services can be replaced by a dissatisfaction attitude (DA) index to determine the priorities for improving inland logistics attributes.
The results show that liner shipping connectivity has a direct and spillover effect on merchandise trade in both the export and import sides of the value chain. In addition, the authors find that the positive relationship between liner Shipping Connectivity Index (LSCI) and imports/exports flow is stronger in developed economies than in developing economies.
The results show that collaborative decision-making has a significant positive impact on logistics service performance for container shipping firms. Moreover, information integration and supply chain collaboration have a positive effect on collaborative decision making, which in turn has a positive influence on logistics services performance. In addition, the results also show that information integration has a mediating effect on the relationship between collaborative decisionmaking and logistics service performances.
The results indicate that major shipyards in Japan and South Korea had better scores than shipyards In China in contemporaneous productivity in 2014 and 2015. The technology gap between these three countries and Japan held the leading position in 2014 but was replaced by South Korea in 2015. Notably, the difference in TGR scores between South Korea and Japan was nonsignificant, but significance was proven between China and the other two countries. Among the three countries, China ranked third in productivity change, with a strong average score of MMPI in the period 2014-2015.
The results show that port aesthetics has a positive effect on destination image, tourist satisfaction and tourist loyalty. The mediating roles of destination image and tourist satisfaction in the relationship between port aesthetics and customer loyalty are confirmed.
The results show that the proposed hierarchical framework is valid and reliable and can be used to identify the attributes that influence cruise ship SC, such that the sustainable performance of cruise lines can be enhanced. The SC is indicated by the mutual level, not just by a single element that the harmful magnitudes of untenable consumption can be alleviated.
The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal.
The results of the numerical experiments show that the proposed UIMA is superior to the alternative algorithms in terms of computational time, computational efficiency, and the quality of the berth schedules.
The results show the suitability and effectiveness of using analytical queuing approximations to get an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas.
From the analyses, it can be induced that there is a great deal of trade transportation demand between China and Koreas. At present, almost all cargos are transported by waterway, but this kind of transportation pattern is not reasonable. With the increasingly stable political environment and the physical highway and railway connections, the transportation network consisting of multi-modes especially the surface modes becomes possible. From the survey on the companies in China, it is found that shippers need the multimodal transportation system, and many shippers will select road and rail if suitable road or rail transportation is available, and market share of sea transportation would be thus largely reduced. Especially, between China, South Korea and North Korea, the road, rail and sea transportation may be used evenly, while the road transportation may play a more important role in the trade transportation.
The logit model shows that the probability of grains originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama Canal is significantly lower than that originating from the US East Coast and Gulf and mostly the Cape of Good Hope as the main alternative bypass route. In addition, the model also shows that total Panama Canal costs, including pure tolls and other charges, transit draft, Canal Water Time, bunker price and timecharter rates are the most important attributes considered in the decision by a carrier/vessel operator to use either the Panama canal route or alternative bypass routes for grains.
The case study presented in the current paper has validated the functionality of the proposed model with the use of realistic input data. As demonstrated, the DST is able to provide an optimal deployment solution to a tramp shipping company that operates LNGCs under long-term contracts, minimizing operational expenses in the form of contract assignment to each vessel in the fleet. Specifically, the results demonstrated the deployment of the fleet on specific trade routes providing the total operational cost minimum. The DST fulfilled its ambition to support the tactical planning of midstream LNG supply chain, with its results being available to the owner to evaluate options for his fleet.
This paper has demonstrated the potentials of unmanned vessels and its competitive advantages over existing cargo ships. Besides its contribution to reduce fatigue and workload of navigating officers, the improvement of navigational safety by eliminating human errors and reduction of harmful exhaust emission can make shipping safer and more sustainable. However, as the technology is still under development, it is too early for a final evaluation. As for Hong Kong, the maritime traffic density in the waters of Hong Kong is high and the traffic patterns in Hong Kong are also complex. The present legal frameworks are also hurdles for unmanned ship operation.
It is clear from the analysis that performance was majorly effected by the macro-economic changes of the 2000-2016 period. Through the in-depth case study, it is clear that performance change has been influenced by a combination of external environmental and internal managerial factors that have influenced the change in observed performance.
The results of the empirical study show that the European Union (EU) has repealed the block exemption for liner shipping conferences in Taiwan. The reason for creating liner conferences was to restore profitability and control predatory and cut-throat competition in liner shipping. In the latter half of the 1800s, the widespread introduction of steam propulsion greatly increased the effective supply of shipping services; then, fierce competition took place out of excess capacity. Many factors jointly determine how a conference operates, such as the amount of tonnage on the route and the relative strength of each company, quantity and type of cargo on the routes, variety of nationalities involved, length of the route, and government's intervention.
The authors find that the development of transportation infrastructure has direct and/or indirect (mediating) effects on the average income per person and on business performance in an economy. The attribute of "transportation infrastructure" enhances the interactions among institutional attributes and the mobility of those factors or attributes.
The results show that the top six strategies include "form alliances with other shipping companies", "use more advanced infrastructures (hardware and software)", "choose more carefully", "enter into long-enter-strategy partnerships", "formal alliances" and "use advanced infrastructure" to reduce financial loss, while the other four strategies are not ranked according to their overall effectiveness.
First, the magnitude of AECM is calculated on the basis of TEU and then compared with that of each container terminal located in Turkey. Second, the importance of market effect has been inquired. The results show that market effect is one of the major operational drivers of ECM in Turkish container terminals. Third, seasonal seasonality in full container movements is found to be a major reason for ECM.
The results show that the proposed heuristic algorithm outperforms the exact method and the Tabu Genetic Algorithm in solving the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and outside carrier selection. In addition, the results indicate that the heuristic method is more efficient than the exact methods in the case of larger instances.
A case study is given to demonstrate a possible magnitude of the implication of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective in the tramp shipping. The paper uses the same mathematical model and the solution methodology developed by El Noshokaty, 2017a, 2017b.
The proposed DECA with a 0.1 per cent sulphur limit would reduce the SO2 emissions from ships by more than 80 per cent compared to the current 3.5 per cent global limit, which is more than 70 per cent lower than the current European Union (EU) and North American (USA and Canada) limits. However, this reduction is not uniform across the whole territorial waters of the People's Republic of China.
This paper has revealed the potential of Malaysian seaports to become hub for tourism activity. Therefore, four main components including cruise activities, support from intra-region and inter-region economic corridors as well as the evolution of seaport regionalisation have been selected to evaluate the capacity of Malaysianseaport to be hub for seapport tourism.
The results of the pilot phase reveal several drawbacks in port performance elements in the participating ports, especially for the container port market, the bulk port market and the dry port market. The proposed tool can be a valuable add-on for port authorities to evaluate their performance from the port users' point of view and take necessary actions to improve it.
The findings show potential for the use of standards in three main areas of intermodal transport: infrastructure, loading units and information exchange. The interviewees argue that official European standards are needed. In fact, however, transport standardisation is shifting to standards on a world-wide level. But the market has not yet discovered such standards.
The results show that the Maritime Cluster Attractiveness Index (MCAI) is a reliable and valid instrument for measuring the attractiveness of a cluster. The results also indicate that the cluster's attractiveness is positively influenced by the number of universities and research institutions in the cluster. Moreover, the MCAI is also found to have a positive impact on the performance of the cluster in terms of economic growth, innovation and competitiveness.
The paper finds that the liability of a carrier for the safe carriage of goods rendered in his custody by the shipper commences from the time the cargo is stuffed inside the container and the container is sealed by the carrier until the time it is de-stuffed and delivered to the consignee. This responsibility of the carrier is governed by the terms and conditions stated in The Hague/Hague Visby Rules as the case may be. According to these Rules, a carrier is responsible for safe carriage and hence he is liable to the holder of the bill of lading for loss or damage which is however limited to a certain amount mentioned in the limitation of liability clause. However, according to The Hague or The Hague Visby rules, the carrier does not legally obliged to verify the contents of the cargo whose details are stated in the B/L. The carrier invariably mentions under the column "Cargo Details" either said to contain [...] or shipper's load stow and count. By using
The results of the study show that the shipping industry has enough time to adapt the production to the new requirements of the global sulfur cap. In addition, it was found that more ships will be equipped with alternative compliance options and less are going to use low sulfur fuel in 2020.
The findings of this paper reveal that CPEC is an emerging architecture of economic development. At the same time, it has various challenges including poverty, the terrorism-security threat for the Chinese labour force in Pakistan, ethnonationalism and growing radicalisation. The Chinese vision for the developments of its friendly neighbour such as Pakistan through infrastructure developments concerning trade and industry would bring Pakistan in a cable position to face these challenges. Subsequently, international crimes including human trafficking, piracy, maritime terrorism and other cyber-related crimes around the Indian Ocean, which may mess up international commercial transactions, leading to economic failure, can be coped up to sufficient extent. The aforementioned has led Pakistan's priorities to strengthen its maritime security governance to tackle these problems. CPEC includes a large number of development projects within Pakistan (Bhattacharjee, 2017). Since the official announcement of the mega project of CPEC, China is greatly assisting Pakistan for sustainable usage of its marine resources. China is proposing to approach the Middle
The authors find that the internalisation of external costs via existing fees has the greatest probability to be implemented in situations where modal shifts require substantial infrastructure investments; in ports with congestion in the hinterland; and in publicly owned ports.
The review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the reduction of shipping emissions to air reveals that there are a wide variety of policies and incentives adopted by inter-governmental organizations, regional and national public institutions, private associations and the shipping industry for the abatement of air pollution from international shipping.
Study results show that organisational capacities of a shipping company, particularly available time to collect and apprehend legal information, a strong network with other companies and membership in an industry association, are statistically significant and positively correlated with increased levels of compliance with maritime environmental legislation. All other constructs that were developed from expert interviews and prior studies could not be found to have statistically significant effects.
The review revealed that current literature does not examine the application of BPM in the port sector, defined as the discipline of strengthening organizational performance via procedural modeling, re-engineering and cross-organizational (holistic) performance monitoring, in the context of the port and maritime logistics sector. Sporadic research has been conducted in the areas of process mining, modeling and re-engineered processes, while port electronic data interchange platforms have been utilized to discover and improve port processes.
Overall, these ports have improved their efficiency by 14.3 per cent with improvement in technical and scale efficiency but with deterioration in technological development. The port of Hong Kong seems to underperform in all aspects investigated.
The results show that the optimal re-allocation of mooring areas for yachts can be achieved by considering the characteristics of the yacht, the yacht owner's working or living place and the yacht maintenance center. It is also found that it is possible to reduce the number of yacht moorings under the regulation of the government to allow more yachTS to be moored at their ideal muring areas to reduce illegal transferring.
The simulations, including some worst case scenarios, show potential critical longitudinal ship motions (surge, along the quay), with mooring line forces being low to moderate. The critical and maximum surge motion limits are set at 0.5 and 1.0 m, respectively. Lowering passing distance and maximising passing vessel speed results in a significant reduction in motion, but is not possible in most cases due to channel restrictions/or not desirable from the viewpoint of ship manoeuvrability and traffic flow. Mitigating measures are proposed to increase the safety of moored container vessels during the (un)loading process.
The results show that marine production manufacturing has a positive and significant impact on gross domestic product (GDP) in GCC countries. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the impact of marine production on GDP between GCC countries, but there is a significant difference between GCC and non-GCC countries. Also, the results indicate that the marine production has a significant and positive impact on GDP in all countries, except for Saudi Arabia.
The results showed that product, price, place and promotion were found to have a positive impact on passengers' safety awareness and safety behaviour. In addition, safety education and safety attitude had a positive effect on passengers's safety awareness, whereas safety promotion had a negative impact on safety awareness. The results also showed that passengers' self-reported safety behaviour was positively influenced by safety education.
It has been shown that emerging markets influence the peripheral port challenge and concentration-deconcentration needs to be managed. Institutional factors, identified in the literature in the form of the strategic actions of operators, are becoming more dominant and are considered as enablers to deconcentration. However, other deconcentrated factors still need to be fulfilled. Ports need to become sub-hubs and need to develop to accommodate to ship size changes and shipping routes. It can be seen that potential port developments in more peripheral locations will require the fulfilment of a wider range of a range of enabler factors.
The results of the study revealed that there is a significant increase in the number of sub-degree professional studies in Maritime logistics and supply chain industry in Hong Kong. However, there is no significant change in the quality and quantity of these studies. The study also found that there are no significant differences in the level of professionalization of education between the different occupational groups. The results also revealed that the level and quality of education in Maritime Logistics and Supply Chain are not significantly different between the occupational groups, but there are significant differences between the educational levels.
A wicked problem is one where the planning for adverse events such as a security breach is difficult or impossible to solve because of incomplete, contradictory, and changing requirements that are often difficult to recognize. This "wicked problem" context forces port managers and shipping companies to view security decisions made on security in terms of minimization and mitigation and minimization of the extent and duration of the negative consequences associated with major disruptions. There is no ability to fully solve a wicked problem such as cybersecurity because wicked problems are multilayered and persistent problems. These problems represent a constellation of problems embedded in a network of interconnected systems.
The study shows that there is a need for an integration of standards and tailor-made KPIs in turbulent and complex environments. The KPIs may serve as a net service for more advanced cooperation, cooperation and collaboration within and between companies within the supply chain (SC).
The main findings of the paper are as follows: first, there is a need for governments to use any mix of the existing policy making models (College of Liberal Arts, 2017) and elaborate roadmaps, which identify the corresponding policy instruments that will help governments to perform a thorough and comprehensive analysis of their policies. Second, governments need to adopt a policy mix that includes both protectionist and liberalised policy elements. Third, the policy mix should be complemented by appropriate employment, labour and education policies, so that the benefits of trade can be shared. Fourth, there should be a clear understanding of the nature of the trade barriers that need to be broken down in order to facilitate trade between countries. Fifth, governments should be aware of the different types of barriers that exist in their respective countries, and they should be able to identify the barriers that are the most important for their countries.
Results from the shipping scene in 2017 revealed that Singapore continued to be the main port of call for the three major container transshipment hubs. However, the number of dedicated calls at Port Klang and Tanjung Pelepas was significantly reduced. The dynamics of network design was also changed to one where Singapore was paired either with Port Klagenfurt or Tanjang. The findings from the managerial and policy perspectives revealed that there was significant rationalization of shipping capacity.
The study has identified 28 service quality factors pertaining to ocean freight forwarding services in Chennai. The study has found that tangibility, reliability, responsibility, value, assurance, empathy, assurance and tangibility factors have a positive and significant influence on customer satisfaction. The tangibility factor has a significant and positive influence on the customer satisfaction of shippers. The reliability factor is found to be the most important service quality factor in Chennai, followed by tangibility and assurance factors.
The results of this study revealed that strategic maritime management is a new emerging field in maritime studies. The study found that the research stream on strategic issues in the maritime logistics industry is ready to be called as an academic discipline or simply an application of existing strategic management theories and constructs in the context of the maritime industry.
The results of the study show that Istanbul's maritime cluster has a high potential for clustering. It is found that the clustering potential of the Istanbul maritime sector is higher than that of the rest of the metropolitan areas of Turkey. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between the number of firms in the cluster and the geographical proximity of the cluster.
The results show that the shipbuilding market is characterised by a long-term (50-year cycle) and short-term cycles (3-7 years) in accordance with the economic cycle. Moreover, the effect of specific elements (e.g. steel price, world trade) in different phases of the cycle have different effects on the ship building market. In the long-run, these effects are positive, while in the short-run they are negative.
The results show that the LPPL-model is able to predict the bursting of bubbles ex ante in the dry bulk shipping market in most cases. However, the accuracy of the predictions is dependent on the time of the test, as well as on the number of classes of LPPL fits. Furthermore, it is found that the model is not able to accurately predict the end date of the bubbles.
The results show that the cruise line value-added chain in the Chinese cruise market is characterized by the following features: cruise port dominates the game in selecting which cruise lines can use the port, its facilities and its terminals, as well as determining the frequency of calls by each cruise line. No direct access for cruise passengers to book and/or arrange itinerary from the online travel sites or purchase pre-determined packages. Cruise passengers must go through travel agencies to book their cruise packages.
The results indicate that the intensity of competition between ports has a significant negative impact on the efficiency of European container ports. In addition, it is found that the relationship between competitive intensity and efficiency is moderated by differences in governance structures and policy. In particular, the authors find that in the case of five major port regions with diverse institutional features, there is a significant positive relationship between the level of competition and efficiency.
Based on the results of the cognitive assessment technique, the operational risks in container shipping systems could be prioritized into four main categories, namely, "outcome uncertainty", "information flow uncertainty," "physical information flow uncertainty" and "logistics uncertainty", and then into four sub-categories, which could be used to prioritize the identified operational risks.
The paper finds that the USA, the EU and the PRC have passed anti-competition legislation to protect the practices of forming shipping alliances from the challenges of the competition laws. However, the European Union (EU) has repealed the block exemption status of liner shipping conferences in 2006; consequently, it is still unclear whether there would be a new system to replace the old one.
The results of the study show that the most important EMI indicators in the shipping courses of Taiwan's higher education institutions are: the use of English-medium instruction (EMI) material; students' level of English ability; and students' learning motivation. The findings also show that there are significant differences in students' levels of English in a class, and teachers find it difficult to adopt a uniform standard in any course assessments.
Results indicated that "remuneration" and "job environment" had a positive effect on employees' job satisfaction in terms of skill variety and monetary incentives, as well as employees' value monetary incentives as a positive workplace with workplace rotation and job variety and personal development. Furthermore, "reward policy", "work itself", "job workload", "skill variety" and the "job status" were found to have a positive impact on financial performance, while "job autonomy" was found to be a positive influence on non-financial performance. Variation in perceived differences of organizational motivation, job satisfaction and performance between different years of tenure, firm size and ownership types were analyzed. Results showed that organizational motivation and job satisfaction ratings differed significantly in " Remuneration", " Job achievement", "Job autonomy" andskill variety".
The results of the re-provisioning are an increase in annual container throughput, an improvement in the efficiency of terminal operation and increased revenues that will help pay back the financial investment made in the expansion of the terminal. Various criteria were applied in the study to ensure that the financial resources being invested in expansion will bring about the best result.
The results of the empirical mode decomposition show that deviations from standard daily procedures have a negative impact on the stock price of Carnival Cruise Line (CCL) over 2009-2014. However, there is no evidence to suggest that there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviation events. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between product differentiation provided by subsidiaries and stock performance.
This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on ECR for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioning. The closer working relationship could eventually be a good starting point for a mega liner formation.
Results demonstrated that the developed MA with a deterministic parameter control was able to obtain superior berth schedules in terms of the total vessel service cost within a reasonable computational time. Furthermore, greater cost savings were observed for the cases with high demand and low berthing capacity at the terminal. A comprehensive convergence analysis of the convergence patterns indicated that the introduction of the custom mutation operator with the deterministic control for the mutation rate value would provide more efficient exploration and exploitation of the search space. A set of additional computational experiments indicated that cost savings from the application of the proposed algorithm would be even greater in the case of the continuous berthing layout.
The results indicated that the quality of LMX and safety climate were positively related to employees' SOCB. Furthermore, safety climate was found to mediate the relationship between LMX, SOCB and safety behavior.
The results of this study show that the longline tuna industry in Taiwan prefers to transship their catch to reefer container ships in port, and this choice is mainly due to the availability of refrigeration equipment and availability of cryopreservation containers. However, in the case of the conventional long line tuna fishery, it is also because of the lack of refrigerated refrigeration facilities and the high cost of transporting fishes at sea.
Hong Kong has very good conditions in different aspects to make it one of the best maritime arbitration centres, especially in the Asia Pacific Region. As discussed, the legal system, the maritime experts, the languages, the international shipping centre and the support of the HKIAC have provided a solid foundation for international maritime arbitration in Hong Kong. By adopting the Model Law and the New York Convention in the arbitration law in Hong Hong Kong, this unified legislative policy has further promoted the international Maritime arbitration.
There seems to be more flexibility in the form of non-mandatory guidelines and substantial equivalence for flag states under MLC compared to ILO No. 92 and No. 133, and such flexibility is also more specific. Some of the mandatory requirements of pre-MLC conventions are found under the non-Mandatory guidelines of MLC, thus allowing flag states that did not ratify these two pre- MLC conventions the flexibility of adopting or not adopting them under their legislation. The requirement for increased height and floor spaces under M LC would be more likely to result in increased principal dimensions (length, breadth and depth) rather than a reduction in commercial capacity, thereby resulting in increased gross tonnage (GT) for post-M LC built vessels compared to similar type of pre/pre-MRC built vessels.
The findings show that NSR has the potential to reduce the amount of nautical miles required for sailing between the major ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung, saving approximately 40 per cent of the distance between these ports and Rotterdam, which would represent huge savings in fuel costs, reduce emissions and save time, making it twice as energy efficient and a significant business opportunity for many countries (e.g. South Korea and China).
MSO sites in Hong Kong mainly serve for the loading and unloading of ocean and river cargo between barges and trucks. A wide range of vessels, from bulk, break-bulk and semi-container vessels to fully cellular container ships, are served. MSO mitigates container traffic at terminals by reducing their workload, and it constitutes a specialised shipping market. It strengthens Hong Kong's role as an international shipping hub in a competitive environment. However, MSO has inherent weaknesses in its operation chain that put it at a competitive disadvantage, such as insufficient land sites for repositioning.
This study develops a conceptual assessment methodology using a BN to predict failure or underperformance of oil tanker shipping firms. It proposes a new framework capable of incorporating quantitative statistical measurement with BN in shipping financial risk estimation and prediction. A well-structured assessment of shipping performance can provide an early warning system (EWS) in reducing possible financial disturbances and enhancing long-term sustainability in the industry.
The growth of container ship sizes has reached a level that does not bring any benefit to the container lines any more, whereas other stakeholders of the transport chain are suffering from the consequences in terms of additional investment (ports, terminals) or operational shortcomings (shippers). However, the container shipping industry is apparently not able to escape from this useless spiral of growth by its own. Beside the Suez Canal Authority (2015), only a joint action of some strategic ports could stop the ever-increasing ship sizes. North European ports are predestined to play a key role in introducing size limits.
The paper finds that shipping companies should be able to identify the various performance obligations under each contract. If the margins earned on each obligation under the contract are similar, the use of costs when incurred as a proxy for the timing of revenue recognition may provide a simpler solution to adoption of this new FASB/IASB standard. Costs, it can be argued, are only incurred when performance occurs. Thus, the matching of cost and revenues is the best satisfaction of a performance obligation. Managers should also consider the requirements of this standard before negotiating contracts.
The data analysis shows that either in 2014, mostly pre-crisis vessels were still being delivered or that the announced wave of eco-bulkers was created more by the media than by the owners, as no proof of a noticeable improvement was found in the data. The only thing that could be noticed was a slight reduction in design speed; however, this is most likely the result of the data used, not a real change of design as it was not accompanied by a reduction in installed power.
The new waterway passage across the Panama Canal is one of the supreme human achievements of all time, which can absolutely compete with the Port and Airport Development Strategy (PADS) project in Hong Kong and the Eurotunnel, which bridges between Britain and France. The Panama Canal, connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans is perhaps the most crucial piece of infrastructure supporting the free flow of international trade and goods in the western hemisphere.
The findings suggest that Boankra inland port will serve as a more efficient solution to the congestion at the ports than building container terminals at the seaports. The economic effects of the inland port are reduction in the total transportation expenses and the external costs, strengthening of the role of the main seaport in transport chains, as well as multimodal solutions. It will also facilitate a greater level of international trade with landlocked countries, industrial growth in the hinterland and economic boom in Boanksra and the surrounding towns. Again, environmental problems and traffic bottlenecks will be reduced, as volumes of containers will be moved to the inlandport for clearance.
The results show that the internationalisation of individual companies in liner shipping is mainly driven by financial considerations, yet also by the growing importance of strategic and synergistic expansion motives in the industry. The results also show that there are differences in the way in which individual companies internationalise.
The main conclusion is that shipyards and, particularly, shipowners play an influential role on the US$/CGT price level in individual contracts. Additionally, steel prices and yard experience have a positive impact on prices. Delivery times have the expected negative impact on price for tankers, but positive for container vessels, which relate to the possible strategic value of newbuilding slots in an oligopolistic market.
The results indicate that the KSFs of IMD in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry are organizational capability, environmental scanning, international strategy and internationalization behavior, internationalization strategy and interaction with complex relationships. The results also show that the three dimensions of KSF have a significant impact on IMD success.
The findings of this study indicate that the number of distractions experienced by Malaysian seafarers while serving the shipboard operation is very high due to the recognized distraction factors among seafarers at their workplace. The weightage values of the factors indicate that each factor does have variability of influence on the seafarers based on their work backgrounds.
The results show that regional hub ports can be divided into two types, namely, regional hub and international hub ports. The regional hub port is the hub port where the container demand is high enough to necessitate the deployment of a large ship or mega-ship to serve it. The international hub port, on the other hand, is a hub port that is used to consolidate containers from the feeder ports, and then these containers are transported to the nearby hub ports called by large ships. The main port is considered as the hub of a liner shipping company that has a high import or export container shipment demand.
The case study has shown how effective inland depots can be in terms of reduction of total operating costs as well as of distances covered by trucks. The reduction in the covered distances is mainly due to the opening of new depots and the allocation of these depots to customers on the basis of their distance to the depot. The total number of kilometres covered in empty runs in scenario B showed a reduction by nearly a one-third as compared to scenario B. A newly opened depots in proximity of customers can justify this, as total costs were even reduced by 40 per cent.
The results show that the proposed model can be used to solve the berth scheduling problem at multiple marine container terminals with tidal considerations. The proposed model is able to determine the optimal assignment of vessels to berths, start service time for each vessel and the order of vessels at each berth at multiple terminals.
Spanish cruise ports are characterised by two positive competitive positions, mature leader (7 ports) and high potential (11 ports). The analysis highlights three port positions that are very difficult to achieve due to the strong spatial dependence between ports because the cruise industry sells itineraries not just destinations, but itineraries.
The result shows that respondents from both countries believe that logistics infrastructure is an important factor for the development of logistics policy. Relatively speaking, Taiwanese respondents have paid less attention to policies related to sustainable development, including "Avoid waste and controlled re-use of old products and materials", "Promote the development and development of alternative fuels" and "Clear long term perspective of regulatory changes (e.g. CO2 emissions reduction) allowing industry to prepare for their future". For British respondents, less attention has been attached to policies relating to logistics education and logistics development. Taiwanese respondents are least satisfied with the policy of "The significance of transport externalities such as noise, pollution, carbon dioxide emissions and other greenhouse gases", while the British respondents are at the same level. In addition, Taiwan's logistics policy performance is lower than the UK.
The results of the case study indicate that the performance of theNRS is satisfactory. The authors found that the system is able to identify and record container numbers in a reasonable amount of time and can handle large volumes of container traffic in a short period of time. Moreover, it is possible to improve the efficiency of the gate automation system by reducing the time required to identify container numbers.
The results of the study indicate that the most important determinants of work performance of seafarers are the seafarers' competency, training and experience, and the least important determinant is the seafarer's attitude. The results also indicate that seafarers in the shipping industry are more likely to be loyal to the shipping company if they are well-trained and well-experienced.
The paper finds that the court's decision in the DC Merwestone case suggests that collateral lies are not fraud. The court found that the owner of the property who was assured in this insurance contract, however, caused further damage to the property through the use of a fraudulent device. Therefore, the claim submitted by the assured was thus fraudulent.
The results of the model are quite satisfactory taking into account that all preparatory tests returned the expected results, and the estimated coefficients for most of the variables yielded statistical significance. The model forms a comprehensive evaluation basis for whether a cruise port should intensify its pursuit of homeport traffic, as it constitutes a methodological tool capable to quantify crucial internal and external conditions which shape the homeporting potential of cruise ports within a competitive environment.
The results show that coercive, normative and mimetic pressures have significant positive effects on AMP practice and environmental performance of shipping liners and port corporations. However, normative pressure has no significant effect on environmental performance. The results also show that the influence of institutional pressures on the adoption of AMP/shore power practice is not significant.
The International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) is a treaty that requires signatory flag states to ensure that ships flagged by them comply with minimum safety standards in construction, equipment and operation. However, from time to time, marine accidents would happen because of the misdeclaration of container weight by the shipper. Because of these accidents, which caused great concerns to the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the IMO recommended that the SOLAS be amended to ensure safer working environment to seafarers. The guidelines have not covered all kinds of different events arising from the VGM requirement.
It was found that the personality traits of openness, agreeableness, neuroticism, openness, conscientiousness and conscientiousness have a significant influence on job performance. Demographic variables such as age and marital status have significant correlation with job performance, and old staffs are usually senior staffs with many working experiences and personal networking; thus, they are comparatively diligent than their younger and single cohorts.
The results show that the most important risk factors in the container shipping industry in the Mediterranean region are related to the contribution of both the logistics service company and its customers. In addition, the risk factors that are of the highest importance to both the company and the customers in the region are identified. The results also indicate that the risk management strategies of the logistics company are more effective than those of the customers.
The results of this study indicate that the most important sustainability assessment criteria for container seaports in Taiwan are "environmental protection," "economic growth," "community development" and "employee safety and well-being," while the least important criteria are "human resource management," "employees' safety and health," "quality of life" and the "social responsibility." The results also indicate that there are no significant differences in the importance of these criteria between ports.
The results of the numerical experiments indicate that introducing emission restrictions within emission control areas does not pose any significant disadvantages for the liner shipping companies. In addition, the proposed mathematical models show that the reduction of the total route cost is significantly higher than the reduction in the service cost due to the introduction of the emission restrictions.
The cruise shipping industry is a booming industry, which has kept steady increase over the past several decades and still has plenty of room to grow. In fact, these trends suggest that there are great research values and research opportunities on cruise shipping in terms of operations planning. The review on the state-of-the-art research works since 2010 for the cruise industry is conducted from four research aspects, i.e. regional analysis, risk management, environmental concerns and cruise shipping. Based on the research works and the discussion on the cruise shipping, cruise shipping is akin to container liner shipping.
Seafaring profession is a good career in Hong Kong. However, not many young people are actually joining or employed in the seafaring profession, despite all the works done by the Hong Kong Government and maritime organisations. The following recommendations should be considered to attract more young people to become seafarers: first, the most important consideration is the seafarers' wages, especially for deck/engineer cadets. Cadets are future officers on ships, but they are only paid more or less the minimum wages set by the International Labour Organization (ILO) which is less than $5,000. Despite the $6,000 incentive subsidies from theHong Kong Government, they are still receiving less than the average income of a graduate who may easily have $14,000 or more from an onshore job. Second, the job opportunity must be certain and sufficient. If the shipowners of Hong Kong registered ships continue their practice to employ non-Hong Kong seafarers with lower costs, young seafarers
The paper finds that there is a significant gap between conventional economic interpretations and the practice of economic decision makers (particularly individuals' preferences) in the shipping asset management. The major motives of the emergence of behavioural research stand on the inconsistencies between conventional assumptions behind economic interpretations (i.e. rational actor assumption, rational choice theory, rational expectations and homo-economicus) and its spillover to several associated principles (e.g. efficient markets). In addition, medical science has contributed to the problem from physiologic and neuroscientific perspectives.
The external utility value of $30, found in the traffic-economics model, is quite similar to the economic incentive ($26.30) given to customers. Therefore, a significant increase of the incentive is not feasible. Nevertheless, the results of the "Good Night Program" were found to be modest (only 7.9 per cent of the flows arrive or leave at night) and constant over three years (2011-2013). According to the study, only a few customers meet a breakeven point with this level of incentive. There are meaningful obstacles that customers are facing when considering diverting container transport to the nighttime.
The results of this study indicate that the new innovative container stacking/storage system is a feasible solution to the problem of space limitations in the container yard. It is also found that the proposed system can be implemented in a cost-effective manner, as it does not require any additional investment in capital.
The findings reveal that Shanghai has the potential to be developed as an ISFC, which could encourage mainland Chinese private shipowners to approach dynamic sources of finance for their investments and attract foreign shipping companies to raise ship finance in mainland China. However, there are many limitations for Shanghai to become an ISCF, such as restrictive regulations, expensive taxes, etc.
The results of the study reveal that the order of importance of the assessment criteria for yacht firms' credit granting policy is determined by the degree of entropy, and the importance of each assessment criteria varies from one factor to another. In addition, entropy is found to be a significant determinant of the ranking of assessment criteria, and it is also found that the number of loans granted to yacht firms is the most important factor in determining the granting policy of the banking sector.
It is found that coal containerization is a fairly competitive alternative for lump coal transportation after taking into account some factors like freight rate fluctuations, distribution characteristics of customers, environment protection, protection pressure, etc. In general, the transfer of coal from inland ports to inland ports in Heibei Province will help relieve the pressure on environment and achieve economies of scale, thus contributive to maintain a portion of coal containers in the north of China. However, the construction of Gaolan port in the south of China will have a negative impact on the containerized coal transportation in China.
The results show that the coordinated control strategy of the HESS is able to eliminate unbalanced voltage in the standalone AC microgrid. In addition, it is also possible to use the combined HESS in the low-voltage islanded microgrid (MG) network to reduce the power difference between the generation side and the demand side.
The results show that denoising and periodicity-removing CCM can reveal the root cause of oscillations in process control system. The proposed method is able to detect the cause and effect relationships in the case of nonlinear processes. It is also able to identify the root causes of the oscillations with a high degree of accuracy.
It is affirmed that the equivalent magnetizing current model and magnetic charge model have similar high accuracy and have equivalence when describing all three kinds of magnets, cuboid, cylindrical and spherical permanent magnets. However, magnetic dipole-dipole model is only appropriate for spherical permanent magnet instead of the cubic or cylINDrical magnet because dipole model cannot describe the specific shape of permanent magnet, only sphere is the topological form of a dipole as a filled dot.
The results of the experimental results show that the proposed ADRC method can achieve the effective control performance of the sliding mode control for the joint control of the robot manipulator. The results also indicate the effectiveness of the ADRC approach for the tracking control of robot manipulators.
The proposed methods can be able to make TBM be adapted to different geological condition. The corresponding identified different geological conditions can be used to make the proposed methods more effective. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of proposed method based on the in situ data and parameters.
From the experimental simulation curves, it can be seen that the multi-timescale EKF algorithm can be very accurately to measure the lithium-ion battery status and remaining life of the vehicle under working conditions.
POCF is a quasi-linearization system which decomposes the system into an observable subsystem and an unobservable subsystem, and the observable subsystem takes the form of OCF. Both OCF and POCF are widely used in industrial plant, not only in permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) technology but also in sensor networks. But up to now, the method of calculating POCFs of multi-outputs forced system has not been documented.
The authors find a negative relationship between external debt and economic growth when only external debt is concentrated in the model. However, the estimated MEP variable has a positive and significant effect on economic growth, which indicates that stable MEP leads to higher economic growth. The IRF under the VAR framework is also consistent with the findings from the estimated ARDL equations.
The results show that PC mediates the relationship between personality dimensions and turnover intention. The results also show that personality dimensions have a significant effect on turnover intention and PC has a significant mediating effect.
The findings of this study show that all variables have a negative and significant relationship in the long run at 5% level of significance. It means that if we increase 1% in population, in result GDP diminish by 0.3344%. The coefficient of error correction indicated a rate of 84% for adjustment towards equilibrium. After the Granger causality test is examined to check the directional relationship among the selected variables and GDP of Pakistan, the results of this test show that there exists no turning point through which we can show the existence of inverted U-shaped relationship in Pakistan.
The results show that there is no significant difference in the volatility of energy futures returns immediately after the inventory announcement. Moreover, it is found that the probability of a surprise inventory announcement is significantly lower than that of a forecast announcement. In addition, the conditional quantile regression results indicate that there are no significant differences in the predictability of oil returns and volatility in the short-term and the long-term.
The results of the study revealed that the financial literacy of individual investors was found to be positively and significantly related to their behavioural biases. The results also showed that the behavioural biases of the individual investors were significantly influenced by their financial literacy. Moreover, the results of this study also revealed that financial literacy was significantly and positively related to the risk-adjusted performance of the stock market.
The results of the study show that there is no significant relationship between gold and stock market in Pakistan. The results also show that gold and oil prices are non-linear in nature. It is also found that the stock market has a positive and significant relationship with gold prices. Moreover, it is found that gold prices have a negative and significant relation with oil prices.
Using annual data on the private banking sector in Ecuador for the period 2000-2015, the authors find that bank size decreases competition, in particular, large banks operate in a monopolistic environment, while medium-sized and small banks tend to operate in monopolistic competition but tend to be perfect competition. The results show that the degree of competition is different by bank size, in line with the disaggregation of banking competition by size group.
The cluster hybrid analysis performed in this research resulted in two segmentations in Belawan Port, Dumai Port, Tanjung Pinang Port and in PT PELINDO I, in general. The customer segmentation of Belawanport shows that 53% of customers perceived the quality service for passengers offered by the port special, while the rest 47% find the service good. The user segmentation in Dumaiport shows 93% of the customers find the customer service offered by DumaiPort special to be good, while 7% of them find it good. In addition, the customer segment of Tanjang Pinangport shows 64% of its customers find service standard, while 36% find it standard. The overall customer segment in PT Pelindo I shows that 72% of customer find the passenger service offered as special offered by PT PelINDo I to be bad, while 28% of it is good.
The findings of the study suggest that the impact of monetary policy shocks on the aggregate demand is not uniform across sectors and regions. In fact, there is differential impact on different sectors/components of aggregate demand in the aftermath of a monetary policy shock. The impact of the monetary policy on output and prices is found to be different for different sectors of the Indian economy.
The results of the panel/GMM model show that the change in exchange rates and the returns of the previous day's stock market indexes have a significant effect on the volatility of the current returns of BRICS returns indices. Besides, ARDL estimations reveal that exchange rate movements have asignificant effect on short- and long-term stocks market indices of all BRICS countries. However, the results of PMG/ARDL model indicated that returns of stock market indices have a major effect on their current returns only in the long-run. The findings of the ARDL method reveal that the exchange rate changes have significant effects on the past and the current volatility of all stock market index returns.
The findings reveal that female participation in the boardroom has a positive and significant impact on the efficiency of intellectual capital and firm performance. In particular, the study reveals that female boardroom participation has a significant and positive impact on intellectual capital efficiency, whereas it has a negative and insignificant impact on firm performance in the Nigerian-banking sector.
The authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC. In this model, in which A stands for tourism attractions (TA), B stand for tourism basics (TB) and C stands for Tourism context (TC). The TABC model has evolved over a quarter of a century in the tourism field. The authors propose that all aspects of a destination's environment play a critical role as the determinants of its competitiveness. To the best of the authors knowledge, a comprehensive study of all environmental elements and their impact on DC has not been studied in the extant literature on DC until now.
The results show that investor sentiment has the ability to predict stock market performance of companies. The investor sentiment provides an incremental predictive power for the market performance in both sectors of activity, namely, industrial and services, compared to other variables routinely used in the literature. Overall, there is a positive impact between overconfidence and market performance, but the impact does not hold at the service sector. The evidence also suggests that the investor loss-aversion sentiment strongly and negatively affects economic performance in the US market. Furthermore, the authors show that the overconfidence bias of investors has a negative impact on market performance.
The results show that the proposed model of quality in marketing-management education is valid and reliable. The results also support the "input-outcome" paradigm of quality of education as a productive system, in which inputs are transferred into outcomes. This paradigm permits empirical testing to support that the resources and capabilities used by the institutions in the study affect the quality of their outcomes.
The results of the analysis show that the tax burden is affected by the size of the industry sector, GDP per capita, foreign trade transactions, the employment capacity, the unemployment rate and the level of industrial production. In addition, in the post-Cold War period, increasing welfare or income is expected to adversely affect the tax load due to neoliberal policies. However, the questioning of neoliberal policies in the aftermath of the global crisis may have prevented this interaction.
The results revealed evidence of threshold inflation targets of 14.47 per cent for these countries. Therefore, this indicates that raising inflation level beyond the threshold level will adversely affect the monetary policy agenda and the exchange rate policy agenda.
The findings of this study show that the board of directors is the most important mechanism to install best practices of GOV in the context of Moroccan listed companies. The effectiveness of the board leads to improve innovation. The vigilance of the AC is the second most discussed and studied mechanism of corporate governance. Amid the lack of any previous empirical study that tackles or proves the positive link between a vigilant AC and innovation, the authors were able to prove in the study such a relationship. The path coefficient between the vigilance of AC and INOV is 0.197, which leads the authors to validate the second hypothesis. The compensation of executives comes to solve the fundamental dilemma of Gov, which is the imperfect alignment of incentives between shareholders and managers. The findings of the study have empirically proven that an effective compensation scheme improves innovation within firms.
Results suggest that adoption of an electronic tax system partially mediates the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance. In addition, the adoption of the e-tax system is found to be a partial mediator in the relationships between attitude and tax Compliance.
This paper suggests a paradigm shift, a multi-disciplinary approach called pensionomics: this "multi-disciplinary" focus builds a new analytical framework to evaluate pension's overall performance based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic growth and social development. Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes.
The results of this study indicate a statistically significant correlation exists between job satisfaction, job embeddedness and turnover intent among US Southeast manufacturing employees. Additionally, the results show that job satisfaction and embeddedness are significantly related to turnover intent.
The authors find that both bond market development and stock market development are cointegrated with economic growth, inflation rate, real interest rate and economic growth. The Granger causality test further confirms that, among other things, bond markets development, stock markets, economic growth and real interest rates cause economic growth in the long run. However, in the short run, the authors do not find evidence of feedback causality.
The results of the VECM reveal the significant speed of adjustment to long-run equilibrium between observed stock prices that respond to changes in real interest rates significantly. In addition, significant time-varying relationship between changes in stock prices due to real interest rate and changes inStock Duration Model is found to be persistent.
The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period and, therefore, contribute to the design of strategies and policies that energize the behavior of the income dimension of the HDI. At the level of federal entities, Mexico City, Nuevo Leon, Chihuahua, Baja California, Sonora and Aguascalientes stand out as the states with the highest levels of human development, while Hidalgo, Michoacan, Chiapas, Oaxaca and Guerrero have the lowest HDI levels.
The authors find that individuals pay a cost when they are victims of present bias temptation and the authors analyze the decision paths agents follow when their behavioural characteristics vary: impatience, optimism, wealth and other initial conditions. The authors focus on how consumption paths change when parametric behaviour characteristics vary; this allows us to describe the real-world implications of the model.
Results are initially scrutinized by country, sub-sector and other potential relevant explanatory factors, like size of the corresponding firm, and significant impacts of these factors on the estimation of d were found. These estimations of d are initially consistent with long memory, which suggests that both stock market prices and online search trends deserve further exploration for modeling and forecasting. A significant coherence with previous results of Ikeda (2017) seems to appear, leading to a stronger connection between the study of financial markets and the research on online impact and presence.
The results indicate that there is no conclusive evidence that accounting quality increased following IFRS convergence. For instance, the authors found that there are no statistically significant differences of accruals quality and earnings smoothing during pre- and post-IFRS convergence process.
The authors find that the proposed formula is more flexible than the traditional one-stage constant growth model, as it considers the competitive advantage of the period used to estimate the continuing value of the company as perpetuity, both for investments already made by that period and for future investments.
The results reveal the existence of a strong pre-holiday effect in all ADRs, it is highly significant and is concentrated on the trading sessions that took place immediately before the Good Friday, Labour Day, the Labour Day and the Christmas Day. Also, in some of the ADRs under analysis, the returns seem to have been significantly higher on Thursdays and the weekends in the months of April and December. Moreover, the pre- holiday effect is found to be more pronounced in those ADRs whose underlying securities are traded in emerging markets. Finally, the authors find evidence of a turn-of-the-year effect in some ADRs.
The results show that board role performance is positively and significantly associated with IFR. In addition, isomorphic forces are found to have a significant positive effect on IFR while board independence has a significant negative effect. The results also show that the relationship between isomorphic force and IFR is moderated by firm size.
The paper concludes that TC per share is the cheapest when small monetary amounts are invested in the portfolio, but once a certain initial amount is reached, TC per trade becomes preferable. However, the TC structure applied in Peru represents the most expensive structure for any dimension. The paper corroborates some empirical regularities like that TC is higher for portfolios composed of small market capitalizations stocks, holding period helps dilute entry and exit costs and active trading strategies are subject to higher TC.
The paper discusses the extent of manipulation practices in a wide array of markets, the capacity they have to self-regenerate and the evolutionary nature of the market participants. Rationality, taken to the extreme, appears to have a dark side. Rational agents in the market are focussed on pursuing their own interests, sometimes taking to the limit their will to persuade others. Firms spend large sums of money in marketing and advertising, and although these are useful activities, in the sense, they allow for the dissemination of information about the attributes of the goods and services firms sell, they are many times used as an instrument to exploit the emotional vulnerabilities and weaknesses of people.
The results indicate that USH was a poor financial performer with millions of losses and a low average of 30,895,95, but very successful in asset accumulation and revenue generation. However, USH still faces the problem of how to use its assets for revenue generation and asset accumulation.
The results show that the Delone and McLean model has a better explanation (variance) and more significant relations with other constructs than the Seddon model. System Use is a new construct in the new model, considering the predictors of use.
The analysis reveals that internal factors contribute significantly to the profitability of mainstream banks in OIC countries, specifically capital adequacy, loans, off-balance sheet (OBS) activities and foreign ownership. Moreover, the external factors which are GDP growth, real interest rate, banking sector development and banking concentration contributed to banks' profitability. The results indicate that the development of the banking sector will increase profitability in the long run.
The findings of this study revealed that SME leaders in Lagos, Nigeria, use ICT adoption as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally. Two critical roles in the successful adoption and use of ICT were identified: the role of SME leader and government. The role of government was found to have a significant role in ensuring SMEs have the resources needed to succeed. Leaders of SMEs also have a critical role to play in successful adoption of I CT in their organizations.
The results of the GMM analysis indicate that the impact of elections on banks' performances is not significant. However, it is found that the relationship between election year and banks' returns on equity (ROE) is negative. The results also indicate that banks' performance is negatively affected by incumbency, but not by the presence of an incumbent president.
The results revealed that there existed bidirectional volatility spillover between stock markets of India and Sri Lanka in both sub-periods. Moreover, there was unidirectional spillover from China to the rest of the other countries in the post-crisis period. The results also highlighted the asymmetric volatility spillovers among the stock markets. In addition, the results showed that there was non-persistence of the volatility spill over between China and Southeast Asian countries.
The authors find that co-authorship networks reveal more interaction than many other affiliation networks, and it is probably fair to say that most people who have written a paper together are genuinely acquainted with one another. The authors also distinguish gender differences in the contributions. There is a gender difference between male and female economists.
Results suggest that innovation activities in Colombian SMEs are carried out informally, as they are mostly uninterested to engage in R&D activities and to develop new products by own initiative. Regarding technology, results suggest that almost half of SMEs can be classified as followers, namely, they use the same technology as competitors. However, it is also found that a minority of SME are classified as imitators in product development. Finally, SMEs oriented to product innovation have on average the highest performance indicator.
The findings of the study indicate that financial development has a positive and significant impact on economic growth for the panel of BRICS. Further, it is observed that the banking sector development has been observed to be increasing since 1993 for the selected economies. Similarly, the stock market development has also increased over the period of 1993-2014. Also, the study finds that the financial development of the selected BRICS economies is positively associated with economic growth.
The results of the study show that the income earned by the secondary equity investors residing in Chennai has a positive and significant relationship with the behavioural biases. The income earned is found to be positively and significantly related to the biases exhibited by the investors. The results also show that there is a significant and positive relationship between the income and the mental accounting bias.
The key findings of this paper are that the variables are cointegrated, indicating that there is a long run theoretical relationship between them. The error correction model sheds light on institutional stability being an exogenous variable, and FDI being an endogenous variable. As such, for policymakers to attract more FDI into Canada, they must focus on the level of institutions, which will attract FDI.
The predictive performance of a DT model based on a balanced data set is more reasonable compared to an imbalanced data set. The results showed that the specificity rate had increased after the random undersampling strategy was applied.
The results indicate that there is a positive association between bank capital and risk. The higher the capital ratio, the higher the risk, which is supported by the regulatory hypothesis. However, there is no significant relationship between bank risk and performance in the case of Bangladesh. In addition, the results of the study suggest that the differences of national culture give different banking practices.
The results show that the presence of labour hoarding is more dominant in the manufacturing industry than in the financial industry. The results also indicate that the effect of hoarding on labour demand is more pronounced in manufacturing than in financial services. In addition, it is also found that the effects of labour demand hoarding are stronger in manufacturing industries.
The findings show that board size, female CEO, urban market and individual lending have a significant positive influence on financial performance. The authors find evidence that bank regulation and the urban market significantly reduce the social performance of MFIs. Regarding outreach, the authors find that firm attributes (e.g. firm size) play a key role to increase the average loan size and number of clients. The results are also consistent with generalized least squares (GLS) technique.
The results of the study show that size premium, value premium and market timing are found to be significant predictors of the returns of the stock market of Pakistan. It is also found that the size premium and value premium have a positive and significant effect on the market beta. Moreover, it is found that market timing has a positive effect on market beta and size premium as well.
The results show that there is a clear relationship between an increasing participation of family and institutional investors, and a reduction in earnings management. Additionally, the findings show that the impact of institutional and significant blockholders varies depending on the degree of family shareholding participation. The particular institutional Mexican context and the visibly high participation of families in shareholding explain to a large extent these results.
The results obtained from pooled panel estimation allow us to make several significant conclusions on the Islamic bank financing behaviour in Malaysia within a dual banking system. The evidence gathered in this study suggests that the bank-specific characteristics are important for Islamic banking behaviour. The results show that the impact of monetary policy on Islamic financing behaviour is contingent on observable bank- specific characteristics.
The results show a positive and significant correlation between knowledge relatedness and innovation performance for a number of newly established firms in Costa Rica. It is interesting to note that no differences are found when the assessment is based on the founder's prior business experience and the type of company that he/she left to start his/her own business.
The results show that the passive ESP does not positively correlate to any of the dimensions of the influence in purchasing (mother-child). Additionally, the passive LSP does not negatively correlate with the influence perception of the mother-child.
Este estudio muestra evidencia de que las firmas no financieras manipularon la cifra de beneficios para evitar reportar perdidas o disminuciones en el beneficio neto, durante el periodo 2010-2014. No obstante, se observaron mas firmas que reportaron lo esperado.
The results show that there are certain specialized journals that publish more in VC research with respect to other journals, for example, Journal of Business Venturing, Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice and Small Business Economics. It also highlights other journals for having a high number of citations, even if they publish a large number of articles in the field, such as the Journal of Finance, Research Policy, Strategic Management Journal, Academy of Management Journal and Administrative Science Quarterly, among others. Moreover, a temporal analysis is developed to see which journals have been the most influential ones throughout time.
La actividad bursatil del mercado accionario colombiano ha evolucionado en el tiempo entre enero de 2007 y diciembre de 2016. Ademas, se plantea un modelo de pronostico del comportamiento de la actividatil, que incluye variables explicativas buscando predecir con razonable certeza the actividas del siguiente mes. Asi, este estudio pretende contribuir a la literatura y al desarrollo del mercados financieros secundarios.
The results of the study show that gold is not a hedge or a safe haven asset in Saudi Arabia. However, it is an ideal inflation hedge and a portfolio holding. The ARDL results show that inflation, exchange rate, bond prices, market performance, seasonality, income, oil prices and business cycles are the most influential factors that influence gold prices.
The panel unit root tests reveal that the health-care price inflation rate in the USA is non-stationary at the aggregate and urban levels, and hence highly persistent. Moreover, the persistence of the inflation rate at the aggregated level is significantly higher than that at the regional or national level.
According to the results of the study, the authors predict abnormal stock returns by using three models, among which the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model is found to be the most powerful. In this paper, the models for predicting abnormal stock return with the lowest prediction errors are presented.
After the estimation of the dynamic model using GMM-SYS, it is possible to determine a significant and opposite effect of institutional quality and bank development on the maturity of long-term debt (or short-term, depending on the horizon of evaluation); so that it can be concluded that these macroeconomic factors, related to the degree of development of each country, condition the corporate decisions to adopt financial obligations, for the companies that are listed in the stock markets of Peru and Brazil.
Estos impactos se sintetizan en los efectos sobre la produccion y el empleo en el area metropolitana de la ciudad, definida como area de impacto. La inversion para garantizar la infraestructura fisica deportiva y la organizacion y logistica de los Juegos Mundiales mas el gasto de los espectadores ascendio a $140.357 millones de pesos. Asimismo, generaron 9.598 puestos de trabajo (7.711 empleos de tiempo completo) en sectores vinculados con la logisticA de the Organizacion de the JueGos y con la "turbina de gasto" de los turistas.
The authors find that incentives/punishments, moral hazard and conflicts of interests were common to all components of the securitization food chain, including homeowners, mortgage originators, investment banks and investors. The authors also found that the financial crisis was caused by the inter-relationships among the key players in the financial system, i.e. the ratings agencies, AIG, Congress, regulatory agencies, academia and business media, and the financial services industry.
The initial results show that individual illiquidity affects Portuguese stock returns. However, in contrast to previous evidence from other markets, they show that the most traded stocks (hence the most liquid stocks) exhibit larger returns. In addition, the illiquidities effects on stock returns were higher and more significant in the period from January 1988 to November 1997, during which the Portuguese stock market was still an emerging market. Similar results are provided when the liquidity-adjusted capital asset pricing model (CAPM) is tested. Moreover, before drawing some overall conclusions, the authors also evaluate the money-augmented CAPM proposed by Balvers and Huang (2009), which is characterised by adding a risk premium for money growth which can be interpreted as an economy's liquidity premium.
The results showed that following a strategy based on the recognition heuristic principles it is possible to yield weak, statistically insignificant abnormal returns on a consistent basis.
The findings confirmed that composite models produced valuations that were substantially more accurate than those of single-factor multiples models. On the basis of the SAVE method - the primary optimisation method that was applied in this study - composite models, on annual average, produced between 20.21 and 44.59 per cent more accurate valuations for the period 2001-2010. The results obtained from the MVE method indicated an even higher average annual IMP range of between 12.65 and 66.98 per cent. However, these results were not equally consistent over all six key industries.
The results show that the naive Bayesian classifier model is able to predict the non-payment of the short-term payment at maturity better than the default prediction model. Moreover, the model can be used as a very early warning signal for counterparty defaults. In addition, it can also serve as a tool for credit-risk management.
The author finds that the effect of the law since it was passed until 2013 was minimal; however, the estimations of the paper do not consider the implications of the changing legislation, and its short-term effects. In that context, one contribution of this paper is that it assesses the flexibility of the illegal population to move as a response to the dynamics of the legislation.
Este fenomeno de dependencia serial financiera financiero significa que los rendimientos de activos de un activo hoy pueden tener un incidencia sobre los futuros, puede sobre todo a traves del coeficiente de Hurst y Hurst ajustado.
The results show that there are no significant differences between Latin American and US firms in the determinants of the capital structure management. However, there are significant differences in the capital-structure management differences between the two countries after the 2008 crisis. In Latin America, there is a significant increase in the use of debt financing, while in the USA there is no significant difference in the number of debt-financed companies.
The results of the study show that net energy-importing countries with a higher level of energy consumption are more likely to experience economic growth. The results also show that the positive relationship between energy consumption and economic growth is stronger in net energy importing countries than in non-net energy- importing countries.
The results show that the volatility of interbank interest rates in developed countries is significantly higher than that of emerging countries. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the level of interest rate volatility and the duration of the interest rate. The results also show that there is no significant difference in the volatility between the CDI and the US and Brazilian interest rates.
The accuracy of spatial prediction is low, and wagon flow time prediction is even more impossible. The accuracy of wagon flow prediction is very low. The shortest routing shortest and the second shortest routing is often unrealistic. The planning wagon routing does not match the actual production, which implies that the wagon routing planning is meaningless to improve the railway transport efficiency. The prediction accuracy of railway wagon flow routing locus pattern intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST is high.
The RCA method was used to analyze the possible influencing factors on bird nesting and a fishbone diagram is constructed to disclose all possible "inside factors" and "outside factors" affecting bird nesting on railway. As to the geographic factors, both population density and water distribution in spring as "outside factor" have positively significant influence on the frequency of nest events. The bird nesting events of Shanghai regional railway generally happen in spring. Most of the nest events took place in the sections of railway stations in other than railway stations. Lognormal stochastic models are the best-fit models for delays caused by bird nesting event of both normal-speed and high-speed railway, which are used for the delay models.
The results show that the proposed method is able to identify the critical elements of the CRH2 train system more accurately than the existing methods based on reliability theory and Bayesian reliability importance. In addition, it is also possible to identify critical elements based on complex network theory.
This study finds out the existing parking patterns of e-taxi on the road for passenger load and unloads which consequences traffic congestion and finds out points where this parking occurs. To solve the problem, it is very urgent to establish an e- Taxi station at the Pabna Municipality area. This e-Taxi stand should be established in such a place where land acquisition will be easy as well as in a computing distance from the points where most load andUnload of passenger happens. Another thing to keep in mind is that the station should have easy access to the road. By considering these criteria this study finds a suitable place for constructing an e -taxi stand.
The development of supply chain finance is beneficial to the healthy development of the core participants of railway freight transport business and its upstream and downstream ecosystems. It links commerce, logistics, warehousing and financial services together, and builds an industry integrated ecological service platform through information technology platform and supporting system, taking data as the basis and combining information technology such as blockchain as innovative means. At the same time, emerging technologies represented by blockchain provide the underlying support for the development and innovation of information technology platforms, creating favorable conditions for the construction of integrated platform operation with "scenario-business-product-data".
A real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freight heavy-haul railway is conducted to test the developed model. The results of all disrupted cases are obtained in real-time. Moreover, the results give insight into that the consecutive delays are more than the total final delays when the same disrupted situation, and the consecutive or totalfinal delays increase as the primary delays increase.
The results show that GWR with global feature selection operator outperforms OLS in terms of model fitting and spatial explanatory power, while GWL shows better goodness-of-fit than OLS for forecasting station-level ridership. Furthermore, the difference between global feature Selection and local feature selection is discussed in detail.
The lane-changing behaviors of vehicles have a substantial impact on the speed of the main-line vehicles, which reduces the capacity of the ramp area. The proposed model can be used to study the lane- changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas for alleviating traffic congestion and for increasing the speeds of vehicles under a connected vehicle environment. The performance of the proposed model is demonstrated by employing various scenarios.
The results show that the unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway can be optimized by considering the characteristics of the special characteristics of heavy haul Railway and make a feasible unit train making-up schemes in loaded direction with the limited capacity of heavyhaul railway corridor.
The results of the study indicate that the proposed model can be used to assess the impact of multiple failure modes on supply chain sustainability risk in telecommunication networks. In addition, it can also be used as a tool for decision-making process in new product development (NPD).
The results of the study reveal that the most important issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE are: product data management, information and communication technologies (ICTs), product data storage and retrieval, product recovery processes, return management and return handling. The results also reveal that there is a significant difference in the ranking of these issues among the organizations. The findings of this study also indicate that there are significant differences in the priority of the issues among organizations. Further, it is also found that the decision-making process of implementing a CE is more complex than the implementation of PRSs.
The results of the study indicate that the proposed methodology is highly applicable to the convenience store location selection process in India. The study provides a low-cost, easily integrable, practical method to implement the strategy of industry professionals to grow their business and obtain a competitive advantage in the Indian context.
The world is likely to see a more imbricated relation between geopolitics and supply chain decision-making processes. For example, governments are likely to invest and regulate "key supply chains", such as pharmaceutical, personnel protective equipment and agri-food chains in order to ensure national food security. This goes against long-term trends of governments' policies of light touch, and simply putting their trust in key corporate supply chains to "do the right thing"; and therefore, relying on big retailers' and suppliers' strong customer orientation to keep supply chains moving.
The study identified that the target of CFP reduction forced different firms to develop sustainable supply chains. However, due to social pressure and regulations, they have to account for different sustainable practices. In future research, one can focus more on the social responsibility aspect of the firms. The study has identified that there are very fewer numbers of research articles that consider different uncertainty in their sustainable operation. COVID-19 also created a massive effect over different supply chains, and researchers should also consider this kind of uncertain situation.
The findings of this study revealed that the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected the supply of beauty and personal care retailers in Bangladesh. The study also found that the retailers are facing problems in obtaining regular product from their suppliers due to the limited transportation, restrictions of the government and limited operations of the distributors and wholesalers during the pandemic. The findings of the study also revealed that retailers need to improve the resilience of their supply to ensure the smooth product delivery to mass people.
The results of the study indicate that the proposed model is able to minimize the transportation cost and carbon emissions of food grains in the Indian agro-supply chain. The proposed model can be applied to the entire country. The study also suggests the need for centralization for the collection of farmers' production and transportation issues.
The findings of the study reveal that the most significant PIs of resilient supply chain are "Risk Management," "Organizational Resilience," "Customer Resiliency," "Quality Management", "Operational Resilientness," "Product Resiliency," "Market Resilience" and "Product Reliability." It is also found that the PIs are highly interrelated and have a significant impact on the resilience level of the supply chain. Moreover, it is found that there is a positive and significant relationship among these PIs for predicting the resilience of the PSC.
The results of the sensitivity analysis show that the proposed methodology is able to capture the uncertainty in green supplier satisfaction degree. The sensitivity analysis also shows that the hybrid uncertainty decision method can be used to determine the double weight of evaluating criteria. The subjective weight is determined by AHP and the objective weight is decided by IET.
The findings reveal that logistics innovation capability mitigates the negative impacts of supply chain risks. Moreover, the results show that the logistics innovation capabilities have a positive impact on the supply chain risk.
Findings obtained at the end of the study reveal the effect of the capability dimensions of 4PL service providers on the performance of the customer companies. It can be said that only if companies realize supply chain integration and adopt information technology in the supply chain and have an agile supply chain, they can receive 4PL services and 4PL can fully demonstrate their capabilities.
The selected studies addressed various issues in cross-docking operations under uncertainty at tactical and operational levels. Since the focus is on optimising operations with existing infrastructure and facilities, studies on strategic-level problems were found to be scarce. In addition to supply uncertainties resulted from the suppliers or manufacturers or demand uncertainties from end users and retailers, there are other sources of uncertainty that can affect cross-Docking operations. Delay in arrival time of trucks, changes in the contents of a truck, truck breakdown, unloading incoming trucks, a breakdown in handling facilities, the absence of workers, loading, shipping, and delay in the departure time of vehicles can all be considered operations that are prone to uncertainty.
The findings of this study indicate that the research in the area of Halal is growing with an upward trend, and there is a need for further research in this area. It is evident from the literature that there is an increase in the number of articles published in the field ofHalal in the last ten years. Moreover, it is evident that there are different sub-fields in Halal that will provide the direction for future researchers.
The results show that the proposed stochastic MIP model with uncertain demand is an effective way of formulating and solving CLSC network design problem. The Epsilon method is tested effectively based on the numerical experiments. The numerical experiments are conducted to verify the proposed method and the proposed model. Conversion efficiency calculation can achieve the trade-off between cost control and CO2 emission.
The comparative advantage of Chinese products in manufacturing industry is produced by two structural factors: scale effect and agglomeration effect. Scale effect of human resources results in the comparative advantage in the results of labor costs of land resources in construction of industrial parks and industrial high-tech zones, thus helping China build a great land capacity and adequate supply system. Industrial agglomersation in China has formed the basis of scale effect in China's manufacturing industry. In the comparative analysis, the characteristics of production factor have been summarized.
The results show that auction models with resource pooling in modern supply chain management can improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the supply chain network construction, the information sharing mechanism, and the cooperation mechanism in modern SCM.
The results of the study revealed that there was a significant deterioration in the cosmetic quality of bananas during the SC from the farm to the retail stores. The results also revealed that the most common cause of cosmetic damage in bananas was vibration in-transit. It was also found that cosmetic defects in bananas were associated with their perceived marketability and marketability was negatively associated with the perceived value.
The findings of the review show that when RL is investigated in the context of green supply chain management (GSCM), it is studied as a single factor without considering the relationship between the various RL processes and ignoring the different disposition options and possible performance outcomes. Also, it is compared to other GSCM practices with more attention being paid to its environmental and social performance and contributions to economic and social benefits being overlooked. Furthermore, only a small number of studies have investigated RL and sustainability and their interrelationship. In addition, the social aspect of sustainability has been largely overlooked in previous studies.
This study identifies three distinctive features of SSCM from the perspective of behavioural operations: abundant research issues, diverse research backgrounds and multiple methods and the greater attention of this research towards the combination of academia and practice. It also identifies three major research challenges: service characteristics are difficult to quantify; service is not standardised; and systematic, comprehensive and multidisciplinary research is urgently needed. These challenges present research opportunities going forward.
Companies need to understand the life cycle characteristics of their products and the required GSCM practices to reduce their environmental burden. Doing so helps them to identify major supply chain environmental burden causation activities. Here, companies need to understanding how they are positioned in the supply chain upstream from raw materials suppliers down to end consumers of products. An upstream supplier position requires control at the input side to mitigate environmental upfront causes with practices such as green purchasing and eco-design. Servicing in the downstream supply chain, and if this supply chain position causes the greatest environmental burden, requires cooperation with downstream customers and better utilization of resources through materials recovery.
The findings of this study provide support for the validity of the causal relationship stated in the hypotheses, in the supply chain-oriented industry. The results confirmed that mutual trust is crucial in an SCM and that members having a lack of trust and commitment in the SCM cannot attain the positive results of supply chain collaboration, communication and cooperation. Meanwhile, communication, cooperation and mutual trust were found to be the most significant drivers of SCM practices and outcomes.
The results show that the proposed intelligent site selection system outperforms traditional site selection methods in terms of accuracy and efficiency. The proposed system is able to select the most suitable location for Yonghui to open a number of stores in a city, and it is also able to predict the location of the next store more accurately.
The results show that the dynamic capabilities of eco-innovation, eco-design and environmental management systems (EMSs) have a significant impact on the environmental accounting for the CE in businesses. The results also show that environmental accounting has a positive effect on the adoption of the CE model in businesses, but it has a negative effect on environmental reporting.
- National identity words were found to be used in consistently high amounts for both U.S. and Chinese leaders. From this finding, new research opportunities into the role of national identity in global powers have been made and should be utilized in future studies. Also, many similarities between the political interests of the United States and China can be seen in the data, making the case that China is perhaps on the same road that the U. S. was when it began its development into a world power.
The findings reveal the following key lessons. First, top management's genuine commitment and support during the entire process is vital to the success of strategic management. When people believe that their leaders mean business and the leaders walk the talk, subordinates would seriously follow. Second, an effective heart-to-heart communication, which indoctrinates purposeful cause helps the buy-in process as it will yield people's 'want to' commitment to achieve the strategic goals. Third, creating a 3-H conducive culture is important to support effective implementation of the strategic plan. Fourth, trust bonding will glue each H domain of the framework together to boost team spirit among different divisions within the police organisation. Last but not the least, synergistic alignment among H domains to create a holistic approach to drive the strategic planning process is crucial to an effective strategic management in the Force.
The Japanese experience has shown that a kind of Community-based Integrated Care System is essential, particularly to be considered from the perspective of health care users. The most important challenges to a continuously aging society tend to be the lack of medical staff and also the maintenance of a sense of solidarity throughout the whole society. The influence of COVID-19 pandemic is to be investigated in future, but local governments would be willing to play an important role in healthcare delivery, and this kind of commitment is needed in a super-aged society.
It is important to mention that AI will not be able to replace healthcare professionals permanently, instead it will enable them to increase their performance accuracy as well as the diagnosis rate. On the other hand, psychological distress and anxiety might present due to the fear of job loss. It can be reduced by slowly introducing physicians to the concept of AI and providing them with an adequate time frame for adjustment.
The case study of Khulna highlights the importance of PPPs for achieving SDGs. The case study shows that the partnership has been successful in achieving the SDGs in terms of reducing urban congestion, improving water, sanitation, drainage, and waste management, and improving social and physical infrastructures including city-road networks.
Palembang has to embrace more strategic and innovative ways of maximizing the long-term benefits of not only the Palembang LRT, but also ongoing desakota technopole development. It has been found that there is urgent need for the government to support tourism in the old town area, while the new town area continues to develop.
The findings of this study revealed that the majority of the respondents were aware of the importance of PP in landuse planning. However, they were not aware of its effectiveness. The findings also revealed that there is a lack of awareness of the need for PP among the general public, and that there are some constraints to effective participatory planning. The study also identified the facilitators and facilitators to effective planning, and areas of possible improvement.
- The results showed that the use of red tape is high in Punjab. Red tape plays a negative role in organizational performance by directly and indirectly affecting employee behavior. It was also observed that the government is trying to privatize governmental organizations to reduce the amount of red-tapism. The findings indicate that red tape has a negative impact on the overall organizational performance.
Although the two units have dissimilar historical backgrounds and political systems, the expected outcomes of planned reforms were closely aligned with global trends of New Public Management (NPM) and good governance. There were common objectives and similar goals were included in the reform designs. However, the values held by the regimes in power led to the adoption of different strategies for civil service reforms in Hong Kong and Thailand.
Nepal is now devolving power to the federal, state, and local levels by launching participatory democracy. This has contributed to ending discrimination based on ethnicity, language, gender, religion, class, and regional and local imbalances. However, the absence of elected representation and extended control of the central bureaucracy have dampened power-sharing and constrained service delivery at the local level. Similarly, the capacity of the local government system (LGS) to operationalise the constitutionally sanctioned powers and the LGOA 2017 was depleted due to the protracted political transition from a monarchy to a republic and low institutional and human resource capacity.
From this study, it is apparent that fine tuning of the Nepalese bureaucracy will ensure the representation of different ethnic groups, religions, regions, and genders in all the services and at all levels within it. To warrant this, it needs to address the problems in the recruitment and promotion processes. Some of these can be addressed more easily than others; for example, it may be reasonably easy to set up an online portal for people to submit their applications, or to reduce the length of the examinations. Other problems, however, are deeply rooted in society.
Surrogacy-led migration has become a global phenomenon, and it has prompted many countries in Asia and beyond to change their policies. However, where one market closes, another opens in order to meet the growing demand for surrogacy, there are policy dilemmas to be resolved.
- The paper finds that the UAE Government has adopted social engineering as a tool to connect people with the knowledge-based economy (i.e. a key pillar of the UAE Vision 2021) and to provide them sustained prosperity. This would be challenging in this age of disruptive technology, globalization and demographic change. The Emiratization policy journey has shown some remarkable success in terms of accommodating the local human capital in government jobs; however, it remains perplexing in the private sector.
The paper argues that the two key requirements for development in any country are political stability and quality governance. Over the last two decades, 'governance' has come to be considered as a core development problem in many developing countries, and they are unable to exercise effective, accountable, impartial, and transparent public authority. In the past decades, the quest for better and sound governance has been on the policy agenda of governments in Sri Lanka, but the indicators continued to show poor performance. Various reforms, institutional changes and policies have attempted to improve and streamline the governance process at all levels, but governance and administration continue to remain unresponsive, unaccountable, non-transparent, unfair, centralized, and rigid.
The result indicates that both beta-convergence and sigma-conversgence exist among African and Asian countries, with the latter showing a greater extent. Among all explanatory variables, Asia performs better than Africa except for press freedom, and voice and accountability. Corruption perception index, government size, voice and Accountability, regulatory quality, and economic wealth have a significant positive effect on government effectiveness. Press freedom harms government effectiveness suggesting that freedom is necessary but not sufficient if there are political actors whose actions undermine freedom. Similarly, the political constraint index, as reflected by checks and balances, is necessary and sufficient to enhance government effectiveness, especially in Asia.
The findings of this study reveal that the six governments in the six Asian countries have adopted different approaches to dealing with corruption scandals. In India, the government has focused on the prevention of corruption scandals and the elimination of corruption in the public and private sectors. In the Philippines, corruption scandals have been used as a political tool to eliminate political opponents. In Macau, corruption has been used to eliminate the political opponents of the government. In Singapore, the Government has used corruption scandals to eliminate corruption in public and the private sectors and the Government of the Philippines has used these scandals as a tool to remove corruption from the public sector. In Indonesia, the corruption scandals were used to remove the corruption of the former President Suharto. In Malaysia, the scandal of the 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) scandal is used as an example of how the government of Malaysia has dealt with the 1MDB scandal.
Both the Rafale and J&K issues seem to be fait accompli. However, lest anyone believes that there was a closure, the Supreme Court left the door open by saying that it would "not stand in the way" of the CBI, the lead anticorruption agency in India, if it wants to pursue the complainant's petition. It is safe to assume that the CBI would not pursue the matter further.
Sontaku is a universal phenomenon linked to the exercise of political power but was not linked to political scandals until 2017. It became an important buzzword after a controversy over the sale of government-owned land to a school operator. Critics of the Abe administration began to use the term to criticize the government and bureaucracy, without direct evidence of misdeeds or corruption. These scandals contributed to some loss of public support for the Abe cabinet and influenced Abe's decision to call a snap election in 2017. The scandals also highlighted systematic problems in the bureaucracy and in the government's management of public documents.
The two cases were similar in that both principal officials were involved in personal misconduct and administrative discretion. The Ao case was slightly different from the Ho scandal in that the former pointed to rapid modernization without political institutionalization and the latter pointed to patronage politics. Both cases fit into the three main definitional aspects of corruption: public office-centred, market-centre and public interest-centring. The consequences of the two scandals were also quite different. When Ao was arrested in late 2006, public outcry and anger were prominent, leading to a confrontation between the police and protesters on 1 May 2007. The legitimacy of the Ho administration was severely undermined by the Ao scandal. The Ho administration took prompt remedial measures and its relatively strong economic performance stabilized the regime.
The 1MDB scandal indicates the necessity in public agencies engaged in major investment programmes, for strong internal auditing and management controls. Amongst other things, such controls can ensure that information presented to the Board of Directors with regard to the viability of investment projects, sources of funds, and disbursements of money is correct.
The BNPP and NBN-ZTE scandals illustrate cases of corrupt relationships formed at the highest levels of government in large infrastructure projects in the Philippines, extending to national roadworks and other major undertakings. Such projects are often susceptible to political interference for the private gain of public officials. The persistence of grand corruption suggests deeper problems in politics and society.
The effectiveness of Singapore's policy of zero tolerance for corruption and the CPIB's impartial enforcement and punishment of all offenders, regardless of their status, position or political affiliation, is reflected in Singapore's status as the least corrupt Asian country on the Corruption Perceptions Index from 1995 to 2019 and the continuing trend of declining number of corruption cases investigated by theCPIB during 2013-2018. However, this does not mean that there are no corruption scandals in Singapore as shown by the Teh and Yeo scandals.
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) Government should be well aware of this. The radical protesters might think that they could force the SAR Government and central government to cave in by using extreme means riding on popular sentiments and international pressure. However, government cannot rely solely on a "stop violence and control disturbances" strategy to regain the hearts and minds of the general public. It takes time to heal and the government must take the initiative. It is difficult to proceed if the unrest is still on.
- The paper finds that the political storm that has ravaged the Hong Kong society for more than three months and is still going on was triggered by the Government's attempt to amend the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance (FOO) to enable transfer of fugitive criminals between Hong Kong and other parts of China.
The crisis type for the first case is preventable crisis cluster since there were at least two human errors. The doctor was found negligence and had not told the nurses that the wound was a permanent tracheostomy. Also, the nurses wrongly put the gauze covering the patient's throat and blocked his breathing hole. Based on the analysis for the second case, Hospital Authority, the doctor and the nurses had responded in the crisis. Hospital Authority confirmed that the event is an accident which is a denial response. The nurses tended to reduce the responsibility for the death of patient by excusing strategy. According to the principles in SCCT, it is wrong to use denial and diminishment posture at the same time.
The experience of the establishment and development of HNECCPHN is described from the perspective of the "insiders" involved in the process. The findings suggest that the PHN is an innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It is a new approach to the commissioning and funding of health care services in the Australian health system. The PHN has been established to improve health care outcomes of consumers and communities.
The results show that marginal families and those entitled to Basic Living Allowance are more affected by individual factors than families entitled to basic living Allowance, which are affected by systematic factors, such as being a householder, male and good self-rated health status, age and marriage status. The results also echo research showing that single-mother families face lower chances of employment.
The average cost of hospitalization for CKD patients in Guangzhou was $2,812.96 per patient in 2015. The average costs of inpatient hospitalization were significantly higher for patients with the UEBMI scheme than for the URBMI scheme. Among the factors that were associated with the inpatient costs of CKD, the cost of dialysis therapy was the highest, followed by the costs of cataract therapy and urinary tract infection (UTI) treatment. The costs of outpatient treatment were higher for the patients with UEB MI schemes than for those without insurance.
The findings of this paper indicate that the Jamaican MSMEs face significant constraints when it comes to accessing finance for their business. Approximately 47 per cent of the small enterprises considered access to finance as one of their most significant obstacles to doing business. In the SDG roadmap for 2030, the Planning Institute of Jamaica indicates that the vast diaspora of Jamaicans abroad could play a crucial role in producing the much-needed finance to JamaicanMSMEs through remittances. This would be through a venture capitalist system, in which Jamaican entrepreneurs would be investing in the Jamaicans diasporas.
The findings reveal that there are significant differences in the policy-making process across countries and regions in terms of the inter- and inter-sectoral nature of arts inclusion policies. There is a need for Hong Kong to adopt a multi-dimensional approach to arts inclusion policy making and to adopt an inter- sectoral approach to the arts inclusion process.
The paper finds that China's Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area is a new development opportunity for Hong Kong, and Hong Kong can take advantage of this opportunity to promote its economic development and industrial transformation. However, the Hong Kong Government needs to take the lead in promoting the "integration" between Hong Kong and the Pearl River Delta Area, as well as between the Mainland and the rest of the world.
The paper finds that "fake news" has been a component of political strategies since the beginning of modern political practice. The distinction, however, lies in the characteristics of the modern information age, where almost everyone enjoys online access and is able to generate and spread content. It has served to diminish the credibility of mainstream news networks, dividing the general public further, both ideologically and on the mere acceptance of the fact, providing credence to ideological claims of " fake news."
The results indicate that the scale is valid and reliable. The first dimension of the scale consists of three echelons: first, commitment, second, upper echelon and third, upper level. The second and third dimensions are related to the implementation of smart city initiatives, while the fourth dimension is related to organisational readiness.
The results of the study indicate that the participation of women in decision making in UP has increased significantly in recent years. However, there is still a long way to go in terms of women's participation in decision-making process in UP. The study has also shown that there is a significant difference in the level of participation among the women in UP compared to the men. Moreover, it has also been found that the women are more likely to participate in the decision making process than the men in UP, and they are also more willing to vote for the female-elected representatives.
The results indicated that the 6As Positive Parenting Program is effective in changing the negative parenting style of parents in Hong Kong. The results also indicated that parents' attitudes toward the program are positive, and they are more likely to change from harsh parenting to positive parenting.
It is clear that the existing regulation is not comprehensive and has a loophole. Moreover, by taking overseas countries' measures as a reference, their regulations on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses and service support from medical staff members provide better direction by showing more respect and dignity to both parents and their children. There is still room to have discretion while handling these cases.
The first step to tackling trafficking is defining the extent of the problem. In order to address the needs of victims and combat trafficking across the globe, it is imperative to know the facts. Thus, monitoring should be the next step taken toward the implementation of SDG 162 in association with Targets 52 and 8.7 in order to facilitate discussion on practices.
The author finds that both Lee Kuan Yew's Singapore and Deng Xiaoping's China were more or less capable, during their tenures to establish good governments considering: policy-outcome benefits; administrative efficiency; and socio-economic advancement as the top priority, instead of heavily stressing an absolute advantage of having check-and-balance inside a government as in the Western world. Almost no one would question the duo to be prestigious but controversial Asian leaders after the Second World War.
It was found that the waiting time for SOP clinics and A&E services in public hospitals in Hong Kong is longer than in the private sector. The waiting time was found to be significantly longer in the public hospitals than in private sector hospitals. It was also found that there is a significant cross-cluster variance in waiting time between the private and public hospitals. The total joint replacement system is not able to meet the increasing demand and is always over-stretched, with high bed occupancy rate and long waiting time.
Two surprising findings have been found in the research in terms of emotional stress and intention to quit. First, a significant positive correlation has been found between the emotionalstress and the heart rate variability (HRV), which indicates that the higher the emotional stress an employee faces, the higher his or her HRV. Second, a positive correlation was found between intention to quitting and the five-minute Ln VLF, which suggests that healthier employees may have higher intentions of quitting their jobs.
It finds that proactively communicating the company vision with employees may lead to positive and negative motivation that influences the performance of a local broadband service company. It explains the critical success factor of organizational change. It finds that knowledge sharing and psychological empowerment can build employee confidence to perform innovative behavior.
The five secrets of Singapore's success are as follows: Lee Kuan Yew's pragmatic leadership; Singapore's liberal immigration policy; the heavy investment by the People's Action Party (PAP) government on education during the past 57 years has reaped dividends as reflected in Singapore's top ranking among 76 countries on the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's study on the provision of comprehensive education; as a result of the effectiveness of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) in enforcing the Prevention of Corruption Act (POCA) impartially; corruption has been minimised in Singapore; and Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita has increased by 56 times from S$1,310 (US$428) in 1960 to S$73,167 ( US$52,962) in 2016.
The paper highlights several initiatives and processes geared to creating standards and enhancing the use of policy instruments for regulating environmental and climatic problems in the region. It attempts to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results. This paper is about harmonizing environmental principles and about synergies among countries to reduce the effect of environmental hazards.
The case study describes the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to PHC at the DHS level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels.
Since the launch of the scheme in 2012, the number of applicants is rather stable, irrespective of the political situation under the Occupy Central in 2014 when the youth's sentiment was aroused. The students' perceptions have not been particularly affected. In recent years, especially during the post-2014 period, new economic, socio-cultural and political factors emerge. First, from the economic perspective, the interconnectedness and interrelations with Mainland China are propelling. Hong Kong assumes a role on the Belt and Road Initiative, and is integrated as part of the Greater Bay Area Initiative. Second, the demographics of Hong Kong have undergone changes. Third, coupled with the high property costs, downgrading of bachelor credentials, the seemingly lack of social mobility in Hong Kong has raised socio-political awareness.
The findings of this study show that the TSA is an important tool for the government and school management to improve the effectiveness of teaching and learning in Hong Kong. It is an integral part of the learning and teaching cycle. Assessment results can provide information for students to enhance their learning and enable teachers to review and improve their teaching. The ultimate purpose of TSA as Assessment for Learning is to create self-regulated learners.
The results indicate that students' intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills improved significantly after participating in the PIRE program. In addition, the study found that students who participated in PIRE were more likely to develop their intercultural skills, such as global awareness, openness to cultural differences and the ability to communicate with people of different backgrounds.
Statistics show that after the implementation of the policy, the number of students from NSPC going to Taiwan has increased. However, the mobility scheme seemed to remain single and the mutual mobility became more unbalanced than it was previously. In general, due to academic development, economic development and employment considerations, Taiwanese students had less interest in studying in NSPCs.
The analysis of the system of representations and perceived perceptions shows that graduates of the two systems do not really rely on their training to learn everything from the professional world (too theoretical, general,) as the majority of the respondents said.
Based on the case study, it was found that the PIRE project and summer internship program were intellectually developed by applying the Model of Intercultural Sensitivity (DMIS) mode. It was also found that students in the Taiwanese PIRE internship program are able to apply theoretical knowledge in a real-world setting and gain a better understanding of a given field in a global context. In addition, the internship program can better form a bridge between academic curriculum and industry and create an opportunity to develop a joint/dual program after the project.
The paper shows that the manifestation of an EC within a UK HEI would lead to better performance in league tables and a proactive response to the ever increasing competitive environment and provide solutions to predicted declining numbers of students. However, this research paper does not discuss whether there is an ethical, morale or acceptable issue to this, but rather delivers an examination of the organisational culture of UK higher education institutes (HEIs).
It is still early to draw final conclusions. During this time, different approaches have been tested, and sometimes these approaches contradicted each other. The experience of over 20 years is sufficient for analyzing achievements and failures, adopting international good practice, searching for own solutions and testing different forms and methods of evaluation.
The paper offers an overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality assurance of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework.
The results of the study revealed that change leadership has a significant impact on staff organizational citizenship behavior. In addition, it was also found that the relationship between change leadership and staff organizational behavior is moderated by the level of trust in the change plan. Moreover, the results showed that there is a significant relationship between leadership and organizational behavior.
The results of this study indicated that image, service and perceived value have a direct positive relationship to students' satisfaction (Model 1). Although service, image and perceivedvalue have no direct effect on loyalty, those factors still show a positive indirect effect via student satisfaction to loyalty. Furthermore, image, financial support and financial support have a significant positive impact on the perceived value. According to regression relationships for loyalty model, student satisfaction has shown significant strong impact on loyalty. This result was consistent with the results of Temizer and Turkyilmaz (2012), Thomas (2011), Webb and Jagun (1997) and Eskildsen et al. (1999). Furthermore, Alves and Raposo (2006) pointed out that student's loyalty was the main consequence for student satisfaction.
The results of the study revealed that there are significant gaps between competence and importance of employability skills among the final year students in terms of the perceptions of employers. The results also revealed that employers are more concerned about communication skills, teamwork skills, critical thinking and long-life learning skills than other employability skill.
The paper identifies a threat to obtaining useful information from the most commonly used instrument and collection method of SAIs. The SAI instrument, typically collected near the end of an institution's term, suffers from several limitations. At the forefront of these limitations are psychological limitations associated with a student assessing multiple attributes and behaviors of an instructor.
The results show that students value the assessment system positively when it is keeping with the objectives and the level of the course. Moreover, students are found to prefer assessment methods in which handing in coursework is a significant factor. The goodness of fit of the model improves slightly when referring to the variables that are incorporated in the assessment systems.
The paper finds that ISM is a dual-oriented structure. On the one hand, the high quality and highly influential contents of ISM are still state-dominated, which largely serves the purpose of the BRI, and on the other hand, after decades of knowledge exports to the third world, the value of studying and obtaining a degree in China is becoming increasingly important in the international arena. The BRI involves new universities and colleges and professional training for more cross-border cooperation. If seen from both the diplomatic function and the financing perspective of higher education, Chinese ISM can be seen as dual-orientated.
The paper identifies some global agendas currently linked to EQA, the interrelationships and dependencies between actors involved in the EQA process, and indicates possible directions EQA might take in the years to come. It argues that the battle for legitimacy will be a key factor determining the fate of EQA in the decades to come, and that legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of QA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms.
The findings of this paper indicate that SETs are a useful tool for assessing the quality of the teaching learning process in higher education institutions. It is also found that the search, experience, and credence qualities of SETs have been found to be significantly different from those of other evaluation tools.
The results show that there is no significant difference between parents' and their children's perceptions of their own role in education and work. However, there is a significant difference in their perceptions of the importance of their role in the education of their children, and in the direction of their career choice. In addition, there are significant differences in the way in which parents perceive their role and career choices.
The findings of this study revealed that the structure of the QA framework in Taiwan is similar to that of NIAD-QE in Japan, while the structure in Japan is different from that of HEEACT in Taiwan. In addition, it was also found that there are significant differences between the two QA frameworks in Taiwan and Japan in terms of structure, structure and content.
The findings indicate that the internationalisation of tourism training programmes in Vietnam is still fragmented, fragmented and ad hoc. The main reasons for the lack of internationalisation at home are related to a lack of awareness of the importance of international education in Vietnam, lack of commitment of lecturers to internationalisation activities and lack of support from the government and other stakeholders.
The results of the study revealed that the service quality of the HEIs in Ghana was found to be poor. It was also found that students' satisfaction with the services they received from HEIs was low. However, the results also revealed that students were satisfied with the quality of academic services they receive from the HEI.
APQR has the following three characteristics: APQR is an important measure to promote the internationalization of HE in the Asia-Pacific region; APQN individual characteristics evaluation; and the APQQR method of quantitative evaluation and qualitative evaluation outstanding combination.
The paper finds that the leading universities in ASEAN have a significant role to play in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in HE development. It is axiomatic to expect that the premier public universities in each of the ASEan countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE development, as they have high expectation of these institutions as the "agents" for their respective governments in AseAN.
Each country context is unique and has its own purposes for QA. Engaging in cross-border QA creates significant challenges for the QA agency and for the HEIs involved. Not least among which is the necessity for close communication with the jurisdictional regulatory bodies, which is essential to the conduct of successful cross- border QA activities. The experience of HKCAAVQ is that there are also significant benefits to be gained. For the EQAA, these benefits include enhancement of their own reputation and recognition of their effectiveness and capacity.
The findings suggest that regionalisation of higher education in the Philippines is conceptualised in terms of geographic proximity and geo-political proximity where the location of the unit of the region is identified as those that include the immediate and the neighbours, in this case, Southeast Asia and Southeast Asia, and those that share common and similar interests and backgrounds. In this regard, it is differentiated from internationalisation, which refers to mechanisms by which higher education institutions (HEIs) adapt to the increasingly dynamic and borderless environment as a result of globalisation forces. The findings also suggest that the institutions' regionalisation approaches, initiatives and practices are largely driven by the ASEAN Integration.
The fundamental challenge for those engaged in IR is becoming proactive leaders in data provision and utilization. All societies need meaningful and effective ways of measuring and assessing quality in academic institutions. All stakeholders, internal and external, have a common interest in having access to useful information. The linking of internal interests and information requirements with external interests and needs is an opportunity to improve transparency, accountability and the making of better decisions by all.
The results of the study indicate that the three programs are similar in terms of their objectives, objectives, and objectives. However, there are significant differences in the way in which the programs are regulated and implemented, and the challenges that they face. The study also found that there is a significant difference in the level of integration between the programs in terms to the extent of integration of the students and institutions in the region.
Anecdotal evidence across the three types of universities outlined in the conceptual framework underlined the possible hybridities that were the result of interaction with contemporary external influence and local traditional and culture in Malaysia.
The CAVS was found to be a reliable and valid instrument for measuring undergraduates' college-attendance values. The CAVS can be used to measure undergraduates's personal and collective values of attending college, as well as their achievement goals, academic performance, and expected terminal degree. In addition, the CAVS is also found to have a positive and significant relationship with achievement goals and academic performance.
The results show that the Internet has reshaped China's economic geography by reducing the "access gap" and increasing the congestion cost, but it has not deepened the imbalance of economic activities. The Internet has not only helped China to avoid a new "digital divide" but also effectively reduced the iceberg transport cost. On the other hand, house price has a profound impact on the economic geography.
China's economic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economic development, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term.
The paper shows that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics.
The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system. The law that economic development should follow in the new era is "development must be scientific development following economic laws and sustainable development following natural laws" (Xi, 2017c).
- The central-local government fiscal-economic relations are an organic component of overall economic relations in China, a socialist power. The adjustment of central-Local Government fiscal- economic relations since reform and opening-up is a reform of productive relations in a Marxist sense because the evolution of tax-sharing, administrative decentralisation, land system and land system involves not only the vertical change of surplus appropriating relations but also directly shapes a new economic entity, that is, the competitive local governments. China's local governments are the inherent economic entity of the socialist market economy with unique economic motives and behavioural models, playing a crucial role in Chinese economic development.
The key to the success of China's economic transition lies not in an "authoritarian government" but in the adherence to the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the socialist orientation in development. China's practice in handling the relationship between government and market also suggests that, in order to achieve the long-term success of economic development, the traditional construct of liberalism and interventionism must be transcended and a new type of relationship must be established betweengovernment and market where they are embedded in and enhance each other for mutual integration and common prosperity. However, we must maintain a clear understanding of market rationality, government rationality and their limitations.
- Over the past 70 years since the founding of the new China, the People's Republic of China has adhered to the general orientation of serving the development of the national economy - constantly explored and innovated in practice - and blazed a path for building a foreign exchange market suited to its national conditions, leaving a legacy of historical experience for other developing countries to learn from. China's 70-year practice has proven the foreign exchange mechanism relies on and serves the real economy and is severely restricted by the economic system.
- China's economic growth has been driven by both urbanization and industrialization. Urbanization mainly refers to the population shift from rural areas to urban areas, which also indicates the expansion of towns and villages. Such expansion incorporated the majority of industrial sections into urban areas in the process of urban systemization, and there were only small-sized industries in rural areas. Structural transformations are in close connection with reform and opening-up.
- The analysis shows that striving to achieve coordination and balance of economic structure in economic operation and development in accordance with the law of proportional distribution of social labor in Marxian political economy theory is an important principle for all previous Party and state leaders, especially the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, to govern and regulate the economy, and thus is also a principle that socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics should adhere to in the new era.
Since the founding of New China, the CPC's understanding of agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics has followed the general law of Marxist epistemology, that is, knowledge comes from practice, services practice, develops with practice and accepts the test of practice. In the process of the dialectical movement of "practice, cognition, re-practice, and re-cognition," the CPC has continuously improved and breakthroughs and innovations have been achieved on several major theoretical issues. Summarizing the practices and theoretical innovation in the past 70 years, the evolution of the connotation of "agricultural modernization withChinese characteristics" is toward a scientific, comprehensive and systematic direction and was fundamentally the result of adherence to the development path with Chinese characteristic, active liberation and development of agricultural productivity, adjustment and improvement of agricultural production relations, continuous exploration and development, as well as continuous enrichment and development.
The special properties of doctors' labour and medicines as goods and the internal logical relations between doctors' labor and medicines are analysed, and the essential characteristics of healthcare problems are identified. The paper concludes that healthcare issues concern the entire society, including needs of not only labourers but also vulnerable groups.
Based on the theoretical logic and empirical evidence of political economy, the authors find that the structural issue of the New Normal originated from the economic development model that came into being around 2000, and that the micropinnings of the reforms are enterprises and the transformation of production methods of enterprises is the foundation of supply-side structural reforms.
First, the market economy and capital relations are historical characteristics that socialism cannot bypass. Second, capital can be privately owned or publicly owned. Third, a market economy dominated by the public capital is the primary driver of China's growth miracle. Public capital is a fundamental guarantee for socialism with Chinese characteristics to break free of the shackles of capitalism and continuously develop social productivity. Socialism is a process of breaking through institutional obstacles and promoting social productivity continuously.
The Internet space is a new economic form, which has the potential to demarcate the boundary of a new social form, whether from the perspective of productive forces or the perspectives of ownership and distribution of the means of production.
The "answer from Marxist Economics to Weber's Hypothesis about China" shows that the situation in China did not satisfy the condition of producing capitalist mode of production in the embryonic period of capitalism. Under the invasion of foreign capital, from the Opium War to the Eighth-Power Allied Forces and then to the Anti-Japanese war, the capitalist path was still not brought out as other colonies did. Thus, after decades of experience of the socialist market economy, China can satisfy the conditions for the birth of capitalism without the conditions of the "Weber's hypothesis about China."
It is found that the land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure in China have a positive and significant effect on the average annual growth rate (AAGR) of China's infrastructure capital stock. It is also found that land contributions have a negative and significant impact on the AAGR of infrastructure. In addition, it is also revealed that the urbanization level and labor force participation rate are the most significant factors that influence the infrastructure investment per capita in China.
The results show that interest articulation has a positive effect on social stability and public governance. The results also show that the relationship between interest articulating and social stability is stronger in the case of grassroots governments than in the central government. However, there is no significant relationship between the level of interests articulation and the social stability.
The results show that the land system with Chinese characteristics has a positive effect on China's economic growth, and the land supply mode has a negative effect on it. In addition, it is also found that China's land system has a significant impact on the economic growth of the industrial sector, real estate and other service sectors, and infrastructure construction.
 Marx's monetary theory is extensive and profound. It not only reveals the source, nature, function, classification, financial function and the economic and social function of money, but also provides important guiding significance for the selection of the objectives of monetary policy regulation and the prevention of financial risks. This paper tries to conduct analyses from the above perspectives in order to serve as a modest spur to induce more researchers to come forward with their valuable contributions.
In the process of reform and opening-up, there found a clear answer: it is more appropriate for China to have a micro-economic structure in which public ownership predominates and diverse forms of ownership enjoy common prosperity and development. In this process, the proportion of output of state-owned economic sectors shows a declining trend, whereas that of other ownership enterprises continues to rise. The importance of collectively owned enterprises in the field of industrial output continued to increase until the mid and late 1990s.
In the new historical era, the development of China's economics must follow the correct direction as directed by General Secretary Xi Jinping, i.e. to construct philosophy and social sciences with Chinese characteristics, Chinese style and Chinese manner guided by Marxism, and adhere to the major theoretical and practical issues of reform and opening up and economic development in the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristic. Besides, it should strive to narrow the gap between the guiding role of political economic theory research in ideology and that of modern economics in applied research, thus promoting the integrated development of theoretical, applied and policy advisory studies.
From the brief analysis of the causes of China's economic downturn from 2010 to 2018, the reasons for this economic downturn are not exactly the same as those for previous economic downturns. To cope with the economic downturn, the authors must apply the following remedy to the case: comprehensively deepen the supply-side and demand-side structural reform; improve the systems of ownership, distribution and socialist market economy; change the pattern of economic development; optimize the economic structure; and resolve to carry out tasks of cutting overcapacity, destocking, deleveraging, reducing cost, improving weak links, reducing ineffective supply and increasing effective supply. Especially, what cannot be ignored is that we should also appropriately narrow the gap in wealth and income distribution, increase the proportion of income from wages and salaries, increase purchasing power of the people (especially those from low-income classes), expand domestic demand (especially domestic consumption demand), and achieve a basic balance between aggregate supply and demand so as to promote coordinated, stable, medium
The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The construction and development of China's socialist market economy is an unprecedented and brand-new undertaking, and there is no ready-made and complete theory to be applied directly from western economics. Modern western economics mainly studies the general characteristics and common characteristics of the capitalist system, and mainstream western economics has mainly focused on the price determination, resource allocation, resource fluctuation and economic growth of market economy on the assumption that the capitalist capitalist system remains unchanged. Although the research field of western economists has gradually entered the field of economic development, on the whole, western economics is the empirical research and theoretical interpretation of developed western market economies.
The authors find that China's financial conditions index (FCI) can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy, meeting the criteria of an intermediate goal of an effective tool in measuring financial circumstances and predicting inflation or output or predicting inflation, thus an appropriate candidate for intermediate goal.
This paper finds that: first, the synergy between the growth cycle and the price cycle is constantly increasing, which indicates that the internal consistency of the economic cycle is always improving, while the synergy of the financial cycle and economic cycle are first strengthened and then weakened, showing an "inverse U-shaped" relationship. Second, from 2012 to now, the financial and economic cycles have shown obvious differentiation or even deviation, indicating that the short-term macro-control based on monetary policy can no longer smooth the economic and financial cycles at the same time. It is necessary to adopt pertinent regulation and control for different cycles in order to achieve a targeted goal.
It can be demonstrated that there are qualitative and quantitative distinctions between cities and towns (especially cities and administrative towns except county seats) from the perspectives of both administrative levels of governments and economic and social development. By the end of 2017, China has in total 661 cities and 21,116 administrative towns above the county level. The number of permanent residents reaches 156m at Chengguan towns (where county governments are located), with a average population of approximately 100,000 per county on average, on average. However, population sizes and economic power of some administrative towns in China have far surpassed that of some counties or even pre-fecture-level cities in the central and west of China.
The paper discusses the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries.
The results show that the impact of local government debt on regional economic growth is positive and significant. However, there is a turning point in the relationship between government debt and economic growth when the debt-dependent local investment model is no longer sustainable, and reasonable and sustainable government debt management and public investment policies are crucial. In addition, there are differences in economic development, population structure and policy formulation among different regions, and there is also a difference in the effect of different types of government debts on economic growth among regions.
The results show that although China's supply-side structure is divided into the sector of constant or decreasing returns to scale and that of increasing returns to Scale, most sectors of China's economy at the present stage exhibit either decreasing or constant returns, while only a few sectors show increasing return to scale. China's industries with decreasing returns are still dominant, resulting in the state of decreasing returns in the overall supply- side structure of China. The mechanism of increasing returning to scale has not been established, and its underlying reason lies in the "deviation" of the core factors restricting China's future economic growth, namely, the upgrading of industrial structure, technological progress and the role of human capital in China's economic growth.
The basic principles in Marxism about prioritizing production and that the production and consumption are organically connected in social reproduction are the starting point of understanding the fundamental nature of supply-side structural reform in socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. From the primacy of production, the supply- side structural reform is highly unified with the fundamental task of socialist liberation and developing productive forces and is the specific way to realize socialist production in political economy.
The success of China's economy highlights the superiority of the socialist economic system and development path with Chinese characteristics. The use of Marxist standpoints, viewpoints, and methods to perform scientific theoretical summarization is worthwhile.
The authors conclude that the long-term coexistence and mutual support of high savings rate and high investment rate are prerequisites for the continuous transfer of surplus labor force from agriculture to industry, from rural to urban areas and from state-owned to non-state-owned enterprises, namely, the long, parallel advancement of industrialization, urbanization and marketization, is the key to maintaining the long-, high-speed growth of China's economy. They also form the basis for the maintenance of this development model.
It is found that the shared development concept is incompatible with the capitalist production relationship. This is because capitalism cannot contain the value orientation and the characteristics of production relations required for shared development. In Marx's view, capitalist private ownership and the corresponding market system, commodity fetishism and currency fetishism have dominated the behavior of the so-called rational economic man (homo economicus). Furthermore, labor alienation and capital power constitute the subsistence characteristics for social and individual life in capitalist production relations.
China's marketization process features not only an important institutional change, but also an important transformation of its economic analysis framework. With the continuous deepening of reforms, the stance of China's economic community has shifted from being skeptical of the traditional political economy paradigm, to one where China learns from Eastern European economic results with centralization and decentralization as the mainstay elements, and then to the widespread popularity of mainstream western economic systems. The authors have found that traditional politicaleconomics cannot explain why it is necessary to give a decisive role to the market mechanism in the allocation of resources under socialist conditions, while the western mainstream economics cannot explain how to adhere to a basic socialist system under the conditions of a market economy.
The results show that, in the context of interest rate marketization (market-oriented interest rate) reform, bank runs are negatively related to the interest rate liberalization and positively related to DI institutions. In addition, the effect of DI institutions on bank runs is positively moderated by the level of interest rates and the economic environment. The results also show that bank runs have a negative effect on the implementation of the DI institution and a positive effect on bank failures.
The basic framework of building a modern economic system is as follows: first, the objectives, connotations and key points of the objectives; second, the policy measures and actions; third, the key issues; and fourth, the theoretical innovation in the construction of a moderneconomic system.
The theory of socialist market economy constitutes an important part of the theoretical system of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It contains a series of important theoretical principles and viewpoints. The following attempts to outline its development context and elementary contour are made.
As a sovereign currency, USD has always been bound with US state power, owing to its inherent contradictions since it became the world currency. With political hegemony and strong military power, the USA supports the plundering and accumulation of USD capital in the world. It is a new imperialism with occasional wars and eternal oppression. This seemingly stable capital accumulation model is doomed to be "unsustainable" because of its irreconcilable internal contradictions. However, this inequitable and irrational capital accumulation system will remain and continue for a certain period of time before this contradiction intensifies and eventually causes the USD-centered world currency system to collapse.
The results show that STI is positively and significantly related to the development of the real economy. In addition, there is a positive and significant relationship between STI and the real economic growth.
This paper intends to show that the thoughts of that era have the imprint of the era and, in turn, it is the imprint that formed that epoch-making thinking. However, when the economic realities that the economic thinking relied on were consigned to be history, undergoing major changes during critical historical turning points, recapitulating the ancient topic of the relationship between economic thoughts-realities relationship is particularly urgent.
The results show that domestic demand-based economic globalization has a positive and significant impact on inclusive growth, while trade frictions have a negative and significant effect on the level of inclusive growth. In addition, the authors also find that the positive impact of domestic demand on the inclusive growth is stronger than the negative impact of trade friction.
The results show that Chinese manufacturing monopolies are generally rent-seeking monopolies, and innovation-oriented monopolies have a negative relationship with TFP. The results also show that the relationship between TFP and innovation is not only positive, but also negative.
The new theory of building a modernized economic system with supply-side structural reform as the main line has expanded and innovated the theoretical connotation of Xi's New Economic Zeitgeist and sublimated the realm of SETCC. This is the theoretical guidance and practical guide for SPECC in the new era.
This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. Unlike the rapid growth stage primarily driven by instrumental rationality, the HQD stage calls for a new momentum with more authentic value and rationality, which directly aims at development strategies and objectives catering to people's aspirations and the authentic purpose of economic development. This new momentum, with its supply side driven by innovation and demand side by people's desires, is precisely the new dynamic mechanism that promotes HQD.
- It is clear that observing the long-term economic fluctuations with regard to the industrial production or the growth rate of national output is more in line with the substance and nature of economic activities. The growth rates of industrial production, of total output, of the gross domestic product (GDP hereinafter), as well as of world industrial production in the major capitalist countries from the middle of the nineteenth century to the 1970s clearly indicate the presence of the long wave.
Shared development enriches the meaning of common prosperity as a goal and approach. On the path toward common prosperity based on shared development, it is important to accelerate income growth of low- and medium-income groups through collaborative and shared growth to balance growth and distribution as well as efficiency and equality. The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth.
This study has discovered that, first, formal institutional differences significantly hinder the scope of large-scale outbound investment by enterprises but have no significant impact on the scale of investment. Second, in contrast, informal institutional differences have more extensive influence on the decision making and result of enterprise investment: expanding the scale, reducing the scope and adopting a full ownership structure and merger and acquisition mode. Third, both formal and informal institutional factors significantly increase the probability of failure for enterprise large- scale outward investment. Fourth, the complementarities created by the Belt and Road Initiative on institutional differences are mainly reflected in formal institutions, while the Initiative's function of bridging the gap between different cultures is relatively inadequate.
The results show that the financial market's valuation of corporate assets has a positive and significant impact on the R&D value of CMLCs in China, and the impact of market volatility and investor sentiment has a negative and significant effect on the value of the CMLC. The results also show that market volatility has a significant and positive impact on R& D value, while investor sentiment does not have any significant impact.
Based on the analysis, it is found that the imbalance of industrial spatial layout is mainly due to the large deviation between the market's optimal agglomeration and the social optimal aggLomeration, and the so-called market-optimistic agglomersation refers to the equilibrium result of the industrial layout under the long-term stability under the free operation of the market; the social-optimal agglOM refers to a spatial distribution state corresponding to the maximization of the social welfare; and the market- optimality refers to an optimal spatial distribution of social welfare. It is also found that there is a dual differentiation of individual welfare and regional welfare.
First, there is significant positive correlation between innovation performance and R&D inputs of companies listed on the GEM Board. The significance test at 0.1 percent level is passed and the correlation coefficient is 0.8, the highest among all factors. This suggests that the increase of R & D investments remains to be the most important way to improve the innovation performance of listed companies on GEM, and it is also the internal driving force for the sustainable growth of the company, which is in line with the traditional view of innovation economics. However, negative correlation is observed between innovationperformance and inputs in human resources among all other inputs. Human resources, represented by the proportion of staff with higher education or above in the entire population, are negatively correlated to the company's profits of the main business, suggesting that companies with higher investments in human capital have lower performance.
The principal contradiction in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics can be explained from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology. It is not a result of the exploiting class' lack of ideas such as morality, justice, fairness, and fairness, but it is an historical inevitability, which is in line with the law of economic development. It can only be explained by one law that productivity determines production relations, and productivity determines relations of production relations.
The paper finds that China's economic development should be guided by no other theories of economics than socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics. Its necessity lies in two aspects. First, China has its unique development conditions. Any development theory from abroad will find it difficult to correctly guide and clarify development problems in a socialist country, such as the huge population and the extreme imbalance between the urban and the rural and among regional developments. Second, the problems of China'seconomic development cannot be solved without the analysis of the relations of production. Only political economy studies both the relation of production and the productive forces, and only a theory combining both can correctly guide China's Economic Development.
The paper finds that China's socialist political economy with Chinese characteristics can avoid the middle-income trap under the new normal by adopting new concepts in the course of development: innovation, coordination, environmental awareness, openness and sharing.
The SPECC not only reveals its specific traits, but also indicates the general rules of the global economic development, showing both nationality and internationality. Whether to focus on the nationality or the internationality, the key lies in innovation. For the SPECC, China is required to develop its own subjectivity and creativity, in a way that spread its national identity and lets the world recognize its subjectivity, creativity and subjectivity.
The results of this study show that the theoretical innovation in economic theory is the core element of China's development practice, and that China's economic development practice is the result of a series of major theoretical innovations in economic system, economic operation and economic development that lead the great practice of socialist economic construction with Chinese characteristics into success.
It is found that the diversification of ownership structure has not made the combination of public ownership and market economy lose its central or indeed pivotal significance in the socialist market economy. In the course of deepening reforms of the economic system, if we cannot keep improving the dominant position of public Ownership, fully reflect the requirements and characteristics of publicownership, utilise the superiority of the socialist system, and persist in the direction of reforming socialist market Economy, it is merely an empty slogan. The shared ideal of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the lofty goals of communism will then become empty words.
With the continuing downturn of the global economy, China has gradually promoted the supply-side structural reform by cutting overcapacity, reducing excess inventory, deleveraging, lowering costs and strengthening areas of weakness, but the pressure of the economic slowdown keeps on increasing. If there are no unconventionally special revenue-increasing measures, the further decline in revenue growth is a foregone conclusion. Second, as the primary source of China's revenue, the taxation revenue under the existing taxation system mainly comes from indirect taxes, such as value-added tax (VAT), consumption tax and business tax. Such a taxation revenue pattern of "indirect taxes being predominate" means that, with the economic downturn and the PPI's continuing decline even becoming negative, revenue growth slows down at a pace faster than the deceleration rate of GDP, which can be expected.
The authors find that the degree of openness has been increasing, and the total value of imports and exports which are measured at the current rate of RMB occupied as a share of GDP rose from 12.4 percent in 1980 to 35.8 percent in 2015. In recent years, an important breakthrough in the field of structural change highlights the role of international trade. However, based on the latest research on China's macroeconomic characteristics and structural change, it is also found that the following three factors may also play an important role. First, since China's reform and opening up, the investment rate has been above 30 percent. Second, China's investment activities have a disproportionate impact on the demand for products in the three sectors, which may affect the structural change. Third, the household registration system, public education, and social security have caused labor to shift from the sector with lower relative prices to other sectors due to the Baumol effect.
The key to successfully promote the transformation and development of China's foreign trade lies in the implementation of effective measures for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade. Based on this realistic demand, China should focus on the following aspects: paying attention to technological innovation: no matter what we do, to improve the quality of products by focusing on the original product areas, to elevate its status in the global value chain, or to adjust and optimize the industrial structure, the most fundamental, direct and efficient method is to upgrade technology. In this connection, China must increase its funding in R&D and technological transformation to improve its technology.
Wang Yanan has contributed much to the study of political economy in the broad sense. He has focused on the relationship between "Das Kapital" and the political economy. Numerous ideas covering the politicaleconomics in the wide sense are involved in the overall structure of Das Kapital, methodology of historical materialism, and analyses of the historical fate of capitalist system.
The results show that the urban-rural income gap is negatively correlated with the quality of economic growth in China's advancement. The ratio of urban-Rural income is significantly correlated with both the quantity and quality of China's economic growth.
The results show that Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, China, Brazil, Colombia, India, Indonesia, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, Philippines, Romania, South Africa, Thailand, Turkey and Vietnam are the most efficient health-care systems among the 21 selected countries. In addition to that, the results also show that Russia and Turkey are the least efficient in terms of technical efficiency.
Maltese EP elections confirm many of the observations predicted by the SOE model but there are important limitations, primarily centred on the fact that the STV system coupled with the strong, adversarial nature of Maltese politics and dominance of the two main parties means that there are few incentives to vote for non-mainstream parties and that, in this respect, the dynamic expected in terms of support for ruling and non-ruling parties will be skewed, especially when opposition parties make it difficult for the electorate toVote for them. With no incentives tovote for third parties and negligible expectations of that support being effective, voters tend to be corralled into betting on a two-horse race.
The first finding was that the 9/11 attacks served as a turning point of the US counter-terrorism strategy and restructured its agenda. Confronting the communist threat had been its primary objective, until terrorism came to the fore and became its first and foremost priority. The USA vowed that terrorism is its enemy and waged the war on terror to thwart its risk as a global threat. The second finding revolves around the idea of double standards in the American foreign policy. True to its long-standing tradition of favoring its own interests, in complete disregard of the interests of any other party, the USA continued to uphold the double-standards policy. This well manifested by its attitude toward the Palestinian cause.
Powell's attempt to develop a generalizable mid-range theory which shall serve as explanatory instrument for ILS' view of all conflict management venues. The decisive factor to explain international variation is the domestic legal system.
The results suggest that stock market development have both negative and positive causality for both short-run and long-run causality with economic growth. Conversely, economic growth only negatively affects liquidity both in the short run and in the long run. The results are consistent to the supply-leading causality hypothesis and in line to both Erdem et al. (2010) and Odhiambo (2011a, 2011b) findings. They show predominantly a unidirectional causality flow from stock marketdevelopment to economic growth and find partial causality from economic growth to stock market Development, as represented by stock market turnover which proxied liquidity.
The results of the study show that financial access index (or acc index comprising of atms, ba and bb) has a statistically significant impact on reducing extreme poverty for the full sample and the MENA region. The results confirm that a one-unit increase in the acc index results in a fall in the poverty count by about 2.22% for theFull sample and a fall of about 5% in the EMs sample.
The authors found that contrary to prevailing opinions, a huge skills gap exists for filling the demand for twenty-first century political science related careers in the public and private sector. There are some external factors which impedes on the employability of political science majors as they compete within the sphere of the job market. These may include the drastically reduced supply of labour due to globalisation and financial crisis.
The paper finds that the African concept of time has been used by Mbiti as a tool to understand African conflicts. It is argued that African societies are characterized by a communalist view of politics, which is based on the belief in the priority of the communal life, the preservation of inherited values, and the protection of the heritage.
The results reveal that the switching behavior between technical and fundamental trading strategies between the two financial markets following the loss-aversion behavioral bias has a positive effect on market stability and price distortion. Furthermore, the effect of levying transaction taxes on the dynamics of the two markets is found to be positive and significant.
The authors conclude that there is no causal relationship between military expenditure and economic growth in Indian case, during period 1980-2016. It may be suggested that military expenditure indirectly enhanced economic growth. Despite the absence of direct role of military expenditure on economic growth, the Indian military industry has supported Indian development through technological spillover to civilian sectors, thereby raising productivity and enhancing growth.
The study found that the Arab Revolutions and Civil War in Yemen have had a significant impact on the security of the Arabian Gulf, especially in terms of its threat to the GCC countries' security. The study also found that there is a need for GCC countries to strengthen their military capabilities to defend themselves and expand their power, making them dangerous to each other, while the Yemeni Revolution has become a source of threat to their security.
Psychological contributions of social psychology proved to be more beneficial to the political scientists to understand this aspect of terrorism that they could not grasp. Psychologists themselves started to recognize this fact, which gave greater strength and credibility to the contributions of the interdisciplinary field: social psychology.
The research classified the challenges and arrived to three broad themes; institutional and operational, cultural and educational, and policy making and government related challenges. The institutional and operations challenges were related to access to funding, limited access to technical support for social enterprises, and limitedaccess to qualified employees. The cultural and education challenges are related to limited recognition of social entrepreneurship as a field to the ordinary citizen and institutions, and the absence of social entrepreneurs education at schools and universities, which results in difficulties in attracting sponsorships. The policymaking and government challenges wererelated to the new NGO law, taxation, tight monitoring and supervision, negative perception about the dealership with the government and the individual nature of support that the government offers, instead of a systematic one.
The Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share, where the long-term strategic gains of protecting market share overcame short-term profits or revenue gains, displayed a Saudi application of neomercantilism. The Saudi policy during the oil price war of 2014 reflected an application of IPE theory. This paper finds that Saudi Arabia's policy during this price war was based on three main reasons. First, having a large market share would guarantee "demand security" for the vast Saudi oil supplies. Saudi Arabia has the largest oil reserves in the world (about 265 billion barrels). These oil reserves will not deplete before one hundred years by some estimates, and the Saudi economy needs to ensure that these revenues will remain sellable in the short-run. So Saudi Arabia needs to secure long- term external markets and customers to export this oil in the future. Second, a largemarket share would ensure political influence in importing countries. Without it, Saudi Arabia would be reduced to
The results of the study revealed that the factors affecting the online shopping behavior of the Egyptian college-educated community are perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, perceived risk, perceived ease-of-use and perceived usefulness. The results also revealed that perceived usefulness and perceived risk are the most important factors that influence the decision to shop online among the Egyptian consumers. In addition, the results of this study indicated that perceived risk is the most significant factor that influences the online consumers' decision to shopping.
The results of the study show that the external behavior of small states is affected by the two dimensions of power (material and non-material) and the two variables of perception and political leadership. In addition, the study shows that the influence of these two dimensions on the foreign policy of small countries is not the same in both the developed and the developing countries.
The findings of the study show that the Iranian threat, the Arab Spring revolutions and the Gulf crisis with Qatar are the main regional challenges affecting Kuwait's national security. The Iranian threat is the most serious threat to Kuwait's security, followed by the Arab spring revolutions. The Gulf crisis is the second most important threat. Kuwait has been able to cope with these threats by adopting a proactive approach. The study also shows that Kuwait's foreign policy has been influenced by the nature of the regional challenges.
It is important for the Egyptian case to have its own effective means to communicate with the probable retirees and the public sector organizations to ensure the best results of early retirement incentive programs. Reducing work force is not the main objective of such programs. It is necessary to match the desired work force with the skills to be maintained within the government sector.
The results show that rainfall has a positive and significant impact on food security in the region, while temperature has a negative and significant effect. Hence, increase in rainfall might cause an increment in food production and food security while changing temperature patterns could be a challenge for attaining food security. Also, findings indicate that there is an insignificant impact for population growth on our dependent variable, whereas land under cereal production has a significant and positive effect. Thus, increasing the cultivated lands with cereal crops will directly increase food production in the EAC region.
There is no significant impact at a significance level of 0.05 on the role of local councils in the local policy-making process. However, there is a significant impact on the roles of other actors in the process of policy formulation and policy decision-making. In addition, the results show that there are no significant differences in the importance of political factors and the roles played by other actors on local councils' role in local policy making.
The case study of Mark Zuckerberg shows that private entrepreneurs have a crucial influence on global affairs in a networked world. They seek to tackle global problems to refine societies in the direction of global change via networking power. This is due to the fact that individuals are the ones who feel threatened or safe. They are the one who perceive, perceive and act on the perception of those individuals.
The findings of the study indicate that the European Union has been able to improve its energy security status, but at a relatively lower pace, particularly, in identifying the major challenges that face European energy security. On the other side, it was found that the most prominent instruments and policies that the EU has resorted to to face these serious challenges are the EU-Russian energy relations, the European energy policy, the energy policy of the EU member states, and the EU energy strategy.
It is clear, from the review of the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties, that the subject of peremptory norms has formed a major part of the commission's work. The inclusion of this notion in the works of the Commission on the unilateral acts reveals the stability of the notion of jus cogens in the conscience of the international community as a whole, and its expansion and penetration in all areas of international law. International judicial practice also reveals a similar approach.
The results of the study indicate that the participation of local administration in planning is low, as it is less than 10 percent of the total population. In addition, it is found that there is a significant difference in the level of participation between the local administration and the local communities in the planning process.
The main finding of this paper is that the two Islamist parties followed different paths in terms of their political course after seizing power in their countries. In Egypt, the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) followed the path of political pluralism, while Al-Nahda party followed the course of radicalism. In Tunisia, the party that emanated from the Muslim brotherhood followed a path of radical politics, and in this regard, it was able to maintain its image as an important actor on the Tunisian scene sharing power with other political actors there and avoiding the same fate of FJP in Egypt.
The estimated results of the empirical model show that changes in the prices of capital goods in Egypt are significant factors that have negative impact on investment rate. The representation of impulse response in VECM shows that a one standard deviation shock to the value of the firm has a positive impact on the investment rate during the period 1982-2015. Stochastic shocks to both internal finance and external finance have slightly positive response from investment rate and a stochastic shock to investment rate has positive yet declining response from itself.
The paper traced their alignment at three consecutive levels, marking the consistencies of rationale and directions between two sets of institutions: administrative and budgetary. The paper traced the development of public administration institutions and budgetary institutions in the case of Egypt, probing the extent to which they can be read from an administrative perspective, and the possibility of enhancing budgetary outcomes under the existing arrangements.
SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the state. Hence, in cases of revolutions, severe disasters, wars, tangible threats or similar dramatic phenomena, researchers, professionals and experts should look for bureaucratic agencies and bureaucrats who work diligently to protect the state from collapse. Politicians, elected or non-elected, in case of making decisions to alter state's identity or affect state's territorial integrity, agitate authentic bureaucracy to strive for the survival of the State. This is not by any means a Deep State as outlined by American professionals. Rather it is SSB in its sincere commitment, and nationalistic obligation to sustain the state and make it function in a very antagonistic environment.
Bureaucracy is considered one of those exceptional structures that do not fall with the regime. Public officials perpetuate the legacy of the former regime, and it is often impossible to depose or replace under the new constitution without specific terms. Therefore, the bureaucrats affect the achievement of the new regime's objectives through its different parts and units. Additionally, they are tasked with assisting this regime in determining the means of transformation, forming new policies and goals and performing their role to them. The bureaucrats are mainly responsible for public policies as they are the information source for government. Their crucial role intertwines with other structures in pushing or impeding the process of transformation or transition.
The results reveal that the CBE attaches significant importance to inflation and output targeting while responding weakly to nominal exchange rate variations. Besides, CBE tends to adopt a counter-cyclical policy as an instrument for monetary stabilization. The analysis reveals that monetary policy decisions reflect a significant degree of interest rate smoothing, which may render CBE policy responses overtly transparent and anticipated. On the fiscal front, the results suggest a sizable level of policy inertia, indicating that past values of fiscal instruments (government spending and taxes) are influential in the future evolution of the fiscal policy making process in Egypt. The results further disclose that while fiscal policy involving government spending is pro-cyclically, it is counter- cyclical when through income taxes.
The model concludes that R&D expenditure is positive and statistically significant in explaining GDP with reasonable economic soundness. Specifically, a 10 per cent increase in R& D expenditure raises GDP by 4.4 per cent. In addition, human capital, labor force and fixed capital accumulation are found positive. These findings highlight the importance of innovation and education on fostering economic growth and urges MENA governments on further investment in these sectors.
The empirical findings indicate that wages and stability are major determinants for job satisfaction for the sample of wage workers. However, the results change according to gender; the hourly wage level affects males' level of job satisfaction, while it does not affect that of females. Furthermore, the job satisfaction of females is determined more by the job characteristics rather than the monetary compensation.
The findings of this study indicate that e-commerce adoption has a strong relationship with business strategy and that this relationship can be affected by certain moderators. Moreover, it was found that many SMEs are willing to change their strategies to fit with dynamic changes in the business world. However, there are some challenges that face SMEs in adopting e- commerce.
The analysis shows that the USA is targeted by this kind of terrorism for what it is (a major global power) and what it upholds (ideals for the welfare of humanity), or what it does (the various aspects of its foreign policy and interactions with the outside world). This study uses the "American Primacy" theory which helps explain how the USA can be targeted for being the major globalpower, and the "anti-Americanism" theory that explains how it can suffer from terrorist attacks as a result of the policies it adopts with theoutside world.
This paper proposes a causal model, in which the degree of regional power, emanating from domestic-structure-four variables, determines the likelihood of regions becoming international actors, the possible level of their foreign activism, and the shape of their external agenda.
The results show that the majority of the respondents are familiar with the concept of ESs, but they do not know how to use them in practice. Moreover, most of them are not familiar with how ESs can be used to improve administrative decision-making in public organizations. In addition, it was found that ESs are used to make recommendations, but not to make actual decisions.
The use of the return rate of Musharakah is more efficient and flexible to affect the economic activity in the Islamic economy; it includes three rates of return. It has significant criteria to determine the interest rate, which is the primary monetary variable affects the economic Activity through influencing funds supply for savings, as well as borrowing for investment. They can be used to achieve the equilibrium in the money market and the real market simultaneously without lags as in the conventional economy. The Central bank can overcome this influence by changing the volume of money supply.
The results show that women's empowerment is a multi-dimensional process featuring economic, socio-cultural, familial/interpersonal, legal, political, political and psychological dimensions. The results also reveal that the most important determinants of women's empowered status are economic resources and freedom of mobility, followed by social constraints.
The results show that the degree of exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt is found to be incomplete. Moreover, the findings of the study show that exchange rate shock does influence domestic price of imports. The degree of pass- through to domestic prices, however, falls within a wide range, starting from zero to complete pass-Through. The findings also show that there is no significant difference in the degree to which exchange rate shocks are transmitted to consumer and producer prices.
The results of the study indicate that SHRM practices contribute to the retention of public employees at the NBE, as it was found that recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits are the most important SHRM activities that contribute to employee retention.
After reviewing the cost of the revolution on political, social and economic life, the revolution did not achieve all its objectives, and the governments are still in the process of economic, social, political and political reforms. In Egypt, population was ten times the population in Tunisia, where the echo of the up-rise was higher, and people stayed in the streets for a longer period till the regime withdrew from the power. Citizens' demand focused on three basics, namely, bread, freedom and social justice, a dream that pushed people to stay in streets till the government fulfilled it.
The findings of the study indicate that the energy sources of the eastern Mediterranean basin have become a new arena for rivalry and conflict among the major global powers of broad international expertise in the field of energy, particularly the EU countries which suffer from a serious shortage in the energy production equation at the global level. This is also clearly manifested in the competition between Russia and USA to expand their influence over this inflammable region that is rife with disputes and conflicting interests among its parties.
The average OTE score during pre-introduction period of PMJDY is 0.8587 which increased to 0.9175 during post-introductions period. Average efficiency scores for the two periods also reflect the same results. The results of higher growth of efficiency of PSBs during 2014-2015 to 2017-2018 may be due to the introduction of PM JDY scheme which leads to an opening of more accounts and more amounts of deposits and disbursement of loan to more accounts holders.
The findings of the study revealed that firms in Lagos have different strategies for attracting and recruiting quality talent. The findings also revealed that the recruitment of quality talent is influenced by firm size, age, sector, industry and role compensation. The study also found that firm size has a significant impact on the recruitment process.
The findings establish that except for branch expansion, all the factors in the model are significant determinants of bank deposits in the long run. The results further document branch expansion and broad money supply as the only significant determinant of deposit growth in the short run. Furthermore, bank stability significantly predicts deposit growth.
The authors find that Indian retail investors' sentiment is negatively affected by the IPO/issues and information certainty, trading volume and momentum and institutional investors' investment activities, on an overall basis. However, it is intriguing to report that nature of the stock markets show a conflicting result with a negative bias. Demography-based classifications provide multiple interesting results.
The results show that the sentiment scores of organic products are higher than that of regular products. The review length is longer for organic products than that for regular products, and the sentiment score is higher for the organic product reviews than the regular product reviews. The length of the reviews is found to be a reflection of the elaboration likelihood state of the consumers, who think about issue-relevant information and his/her ability, motivation to elaborate the message.
The authors discover that a number of existing models are available to the corporate world, the confusion that arises when employees and employers do not share a common definition of happiness cannot easily be eradicated through the continuous production of academic jargons and scientific research but it is recommended that employees define happiness from their own personal experience and motives stand point.
The results of the study clearly show that most of the academicians irrespective of their age, experience and designation ranked F7 and F2 of an institute or college as the most important happiness factors. The reason for ranking these factors as most important could be because of high family expectations along with student's expectations from their faculty. In comparison to government universities/aided colleges, private college faculties need more upgradation with the latest technological innovations; they have more work pressures, less holidays and no time barrier.
The results indicate that the reliability, problem-solving and physical aspect of departmental stores are positively influencing the SQ. The personal interaction dimension has a negative but significant impact on the SQ which means that if retailers try to have more personal interactions with the customers then they might feel uncomfortable and the SQ may diminish. Saudi customers do not personally appreciate the personal interaction with the retailers.
The financial specialists decide their venture choices as per their behavioral predispositions and enthusiastic knowledge. The financial specialists with various enthusiastic knowledge put resources into various roads. The organizations ought to consider the distinctive behavioral inclinations and enthusiasticknowledge of the speculators keeping in mind the end goal to give them the best venture avenues. Thus, the companies should give the best advice to their clients on the basis of the different factors affecting the investment decisions.
The study finds that India with an average IFI score of 0.395 stands 8th among the countries from the Asian continent and 2nd in terms of position among the SAARC group. But astoundingly, it is observed that even standing at the 8th position in overall ranking of overall ranking, India manages to hold the 3rd position so far as the values of CV of IFI are concerned. Further, consistent rankings are found for a number of studies with little variation because of the effect of time as well as the ground of methodological differences.
The results of the study revealed that work environment was found to be the most significant determinant of job satisfaction of nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria. The results also revealed that nurses' job satisfaction was significantly influenced by work environment, work hours and reward systems.
The results of the study indicate that the participation of women in SHGs has a positive and significant impact on their social and economic empowerment. The study also found that the distance from the market has a negative impact on the women's participation in SHG. However, the number of dependents of the women in the SHGs does not have any significant impact. The results also indicated that participation in a SHG has a significant positive impact on female empowerment.
The overall findings point to a worrisome situation for the banking sector as a whole. An analysis of the growth rate in the NPA level shows that the problem is evident not only with small-sized banks but also with big names in the banking space. Hence, the entire sector is gripped in the crisis. The poor asset for banks is a problem because as per the guidelines, given by the RBI, banks are required to keep some amount as provision depending on their asset quality, thereby leading to declining profitability of the banks. Thus, it impacts not only the profitability level of these banks but it also affects the shareholders' wealth.
Mohan Sharma was a happy young man. As a recent graduate of a prestigious insurance school, he joined claim department of Xenic Insurance Company Limited. His area of interest was health insurance, and he aspired to use all his learning of insurance analytics and actuarial science in developing an exhaustive but affordable health insurance product to serve bottom of pyramid. One of his projects titled "Health insurance products in sachet" won the first prize in business plan competition organized by the Finance Ministry of India. He got special appreciation by the chief guest of the function for his societal concern and insurance acumenship. His research article titled "Exploring the linkage between health insurance and poverty" also won accolades from industry experts. His academic brilliance and bright future prospects brought him job offers from leading private insurance players of the market. But he politely denied the offers and joined Xenic insurance, a public sector company to pursue his dream of serving the downtrodden through his association with the government organization.
The results of the study indicate that demographic variables such as age, gender, marital status, education and tenure have a positive and significant effect on contextual and task performance of hotel employees. Organizational variables, such as tenure, job security, job autonomy and job autonomy, have a significant and positive effect on task performance. However, no significant effect of organizational variables on contextual performance was found.
The results of the study reveal that there are significant gender differences in the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities (PWDs). Female disabled outsmart their male counterparts in terms of operational efficiency while male disabled outperform their female counterparts.
The results showed that the learning environment factors were significantly related to student satisfaction. The most important factors were the quality of teaching and feedback, while the least important were time spent on self-studying. The students were most satisfied with the ability of the education programs to inspire, and least satisfied with feedback, supervision and opportunities for participation.
The results showed that impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use were significantly related to occupational performance. The results also showed that the cognitive strategy used by individuals with ABI was positively related to the level of impaired awareness.
It was found that occupational justice is experienced as a complex, contextually embedded and dynamic process that is specific to each individual. There is a disparity between the social culture and the progressive LG laws that exist in this country, and finally, despite this disparity, there is a thriving minority LG community where individuals are creating a groundswell to pave the way for a brighter future.
The occupational therapists in the municipalities were classified as generalist, specialist or generic. The generalist role for occupational therapists was described as working throughout peoples' life spans within a wide range of client populations to provide many types of interventions. The specialist role is described as one who specializes in a specific impairment group, and one who conducts interventions that cannot be delivered by all the team members. The generic role is defined as interventions that any professional who has been suitably trained within a municipality health-care team can carry out. The occupational therapists' professional identity was found to be influenced by the occupational therapy client group and the type of interventions they carried out.
SPPs were significantly associated with age, sex, education and ethnicity in the study population. Age was confounded with education, and the sample size precluded sufficient power for some types of multivariate analyses that could have assisted in resolving this confound. However, it was noted that the associations between education and SPP were not in the same domains as those associated with Age, suggesting that confounding could not completely explain the results.
The study found that there is infrequent use of these internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland. Furthermore, setting-specific barriers experienced by occupational therapy professionals within the Irish health-care system may hinder the feasibility of using these programmes within different contexts.
The review revealed that there is limited evidence for the use of sensory-based interventions in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The majority of the studies were conducted in the USA and the majority of these were conducted with children with complex trauma histories. There is a lack of evidence for sensory- based interventions in the treatment of adult trauma survivors, and there is a paucity of research in the field of occupational therapy for adult survivors of trauma.
The majority of patients received open reduction with internal fixation (ORIF) for the management of intra-articular fractures of the PIP joint. The most common method of treatment was the use of K-wire fixation, followed by operative or conservative treatment (n = 14). There were no significant differences in patient ratings of pain level, function and satisfaction between the two treatment groups. The timing of referral to occupational therapy and physiotherapy was found to be consistent with current practice in Ireland, with patients being referred in the early stages of the fracture.
The study finds that occupational therapy was introduced in Grangegorman Mental Hospital in 1934 and Portrane Mental Hospital during the 1950s. It was introduced as a means of improving the quality of life of patients and improving patient satisfaction. Occupational therapy was implemented in both hospitals using a combination of methods, including the use of physical activity, physical activity and handcraft activities. The development of occupational therapy in the two hospitals was influenced by a number of factors, including political and economic factors.
The findings indicate that the role of an occupational therapist in adult critical care in England is evolving. The occupational therapy role is defined as "a client-centred profession concerned with promoting health and well-being through occupation", with the primary goal of enabling individuals to participate in activities of daily living. Occupational therapy is a relatively new and evolving profession, having established its roots as a profession in the early 1900s (Friedland, 2003). Occupational therapists' role in critical care is described as "interactive" and "interpersonal", with a focus on the patient's functional ability to inform short-term and long-term rehabilitation goals. There is a lack of understanding of the occupational therapist role by the multidisciplinary team, which impacts on service delivery.
DPHV appear to be highly valued and are completed routinely. They are time consuming, resource intensive and have potential risks factors. There appears to be a consensus on some areas of clinical practice during visits; however, this requires further investigation and standardisation. There is a clear need to streamline and justify clinical practice on DPHV within an Irish context.
Engagement with the two-pronged intervention was significantly higher among those who received the job retention programme compared to those who did not. Engagement was also significantly higher for those who were in paid employment or who were offered the intervention. There was no significant difference in engagement between the two intervention groups with respect to age, gender, education or employment status. Those with a first episode of psychosis were found to be more likely to be engaged with the interventions.
Service users, relatives and health-care professionals had positive attitudes towards the use of AT to facilitate self-management of an individual living with schizophrenia. AT was viewed by the participants as a tool that can facilitate "Recovery" by promoting choice in, and control over, an individually tailored tool that promotes self- management.
The results of the study revealed that the majority of teachers were satisfied with the quality of the training and felt that it had a positive impact on their competence, confidence and practice in teaching children with autism. However, there was a lack of confidence in relation to the use of sensory interventions in the classroom. The majority of the teachers reported that they did not use sensory interventions as part of their teaching practice. There were no significant differences in the perception of the impact of the sensory processing training on teachers' confidence in their ability to educate students with autism in the school environment.
The results indicate that students' academic integrity was positively related to their academic success and that these relationships were stronger for international students than for domestic students. The results also suggest that students with higher levels of self-reported academic integrity were more likely to be successful in their post-graduate studies.
The findings are positive, in that they indicate that there was an improvement in the participation of children in home-based occupations following the hippotherapy intervention. However, there was a lack of knowledge on what hippotherapy actually is, and that it is an emerging area of practice in paediatric occupational therapy in Ireland.
Patients with a MMSE score of 23 or better were found to be more likely to be able to remember how to use ADs and those with a score of less than 23 were unable to effectively use the devices. There was a significant correlation between cognition and the ability to remember to use devices.
The survey highlighted various disparities in relation to the amount of time spent on assessments, the format in which they were completed, whether a diagnosis was given or not, the length of assessment reports and the impact on occupational therapy interventions. The results also suggest the need for improved training and frequency of reviews and raised concerns about the increasing age criteria with no increasing resources and provided some suggestions for improvements for the future.
The results of this study indicate that there is a weak, if any, meaningful relationship between the overall results of the TVPS and difficulties in functional daily living skills. There is also a lack of evidence to support that seven discrete areas of visual perception relate to functional difficulties, and results remain inconclusive on the contribution of the subtests in analysing actual functional visual perceptual difficulties. A lack of consistency between assessment tools used and theory and practice models referred to in occupational therapy is therefore worthy of note.
The majority of the occupational therapists surveyed reported that they were not currently performing any assessment of fitness to drive after stroke. The majority of occupational therapists reported that there was no current practice of assessing driving fitness after stroke, with the majority of respondents reporting that they did not know of any occupational therapy practice that assessed driving fitness post stroke. There was a high level of agreement on the need for occupational therapists to provide information and advice about driving and transport options post stroke, but there was a lack of consensus on how these should be delivered.
Occupational therapy needs to be part of the discussion around the Act, not only to prove the profession's worth in an evolving system, but also for the benefit of its clients. Occupational therapy has an opportunity to contribute greatly in this area.
The results revealed that the MMSE and MoCA scores were significantly and positively related to the FIM scores of the older adults admitted to the GEM unit. The results also revealed that there was a significant positive association between the scores on the MoCA and FIM. However, there was no significant relationship between the score on the MM SE and the F IM.
Wrist orthoses did not produce changes in elbow motion compared to no orthosis condition during drinking and hammering tasks. However, wrist orthoses produced changes in shoulder and elbow movements during hammering and drinking tasks, but no changes were found in elbow movement.
The era discussed in this paper, 1935-1969, was a time of significant change in mental health services and in occupational therapy. A number of cultural and professional factors have been identified which precluded occupational therapists from challenging institutional culture; the role of occupational therapy in sustaining or challenging institutional Culture warrants further research.
Findings highlight the potential value of collaboration between teachers of children with ASD and occupational therapists that includes education provision by occupational therapists as part of everyday practice. The findings reinforce the suggestions of previous authors of the potential benefit of pre-service and continuing professional education at university level to provide teachers with an in-depth understanding of motor learning. Overall, teachers identified pencil grasp, letter formation/size and task concept as difficulties experienced by children with autism in relation to handwriting.
The findings of this study depict that there is minimal evidence of the place of play as an occupation in Irish paediatric occupational therapy practice. Play was primarily used as a modality to achieve a desired performance or behavioural outcome. There was no evidence of a focus on play as a legitimate occupation in practice.
More students were identified as perfectionists than non-perfectionists within the study sample. Perfectionists spent a similar amount of time engaged in productive, pleasurable and restorative occupations compared to students who were not perfectionists. Similarly, no significant differences were found between adaptive and maladaptive perfectionists in time-use. Students who were perfectionists expressed both positive and negative health consequences related to their perfectionism.
The findings of this study indicate that occupational therapists' practices and roles with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland are similar to those of other occupational therapists in the USA and the UK. The majority of occupational therapists reported that they provide support to adults with an intellectual disability who are in supported employment. Occupational therapists' reported that their practice is similar to other occupational therapy professionals in the UK and the USA. However, there is a difference in the way in which the occupational therapists from the two countries described their practice.
While there have been considerable advances made in inpatient psychiatric care, it is recognised that it remains a challenging environment in which to introduce recovery-oriented practice. However, peer workers are an essential component of comprehensive mental healthcare. Recovery-oriented practices are about evolving a culture of values and principles that support environments and behaviours where service users feel a sense of control, choice and hope in their future.
- The findings highlighted the value and meaning of participation in football for men with psychosis, as well as demonstrating the longer-term feasibility of football as a therapeutic medium in Occupational Therapy mental health service provision.
The findings indicate that the introduction of hand hygiene educational methods into the curriculum enhanced students' knowledge and also impacted on their perceived hand hygiene behaviour and practices. Practical education (using ultra-violet light hand hygiene inspection cabinet) and role modelling (from the therapist and others on site) influenced student behaviour more than other educational approaches.
Quantitatively, the total weight loss was nine stone ten and a half pounds. All participants were asked to complete an evaluation form at the end of the eight weeks, and a focus group was organised to brainstorm potential future exercise-based groups that could be facilitated by Occupational Therapy. Feedback included participants feeling brighter, having more energy, feeling motivated and sleeping better, echoing the finding of Alexandos et al. that exercise can contribute to improvements in mood.
Three major trends in the use of occupation as therapy in Ireland were identified: from moral treatment to medical patronage of occupational therapy, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists.
Thematic analysis highlighted the complexity of choice. The observations of the local habitus and context informs the expectations we hold for ourselves and other. This in turn informs choice. While opportunities are available, adolescents are orientated towards particular occupations based on these expectations. In this way, the locus of choice falls largely in the constraints of the environment, rather than the individual. This can restrict us from engaging in occupations that we consider meaningful.
Children's and parents' reports suggest interaction skills and volition may also be impacted. Overall, EAT was viewed positively by all participants. The areas explored in this study marry with many of occupational therapy values and beliefs.
- The research highlighted that occupational therapists and occupational therapy students' views encompass both gains and apprehensions regarding role-emerging placements. There are undoubtedly concerns surrounding the topic and it is important that these views are raised and addressed in a professional forum to facilitate more understanding surrounding this topic. Change is occurring within health care and such change requires a focus on preparing occupational therapists for diverse practice to reach a wider community.
People with a mental illness who were supported in supported employment were more likely to have a positive experience of occupational therapy than those who were not supported. Occupational therapists were able to provide a range of services to people with mental illness, including job matching, environmental supports, skill development and on-the-job training. However, there was a need for occupational therapists to be more aware of the barriers to employment that people with Mental Health Occupational Therapies present.
This exercise provides students with the skills to distinguish relationships within organizations and use an organization's network to support career mobility, career mobility and workplace effectivity. This puzzle exercise is suitable for undergraduate and graduate students studying organizational behavior, organizational decision-making and leadership behavior, and students with internship and/or work experience.
The findings indicate that VT managers use a variety of strategies to build trust between team members and the leader and to resolve conflict at the individual and team levels. Trust and conflict are two of the most fundamental predictors of overall VT performance. The findings also suggest that VT leaders need support from their organizations to build high levels of trust and effectively resolve conflict.
This experiential exercise has proven useful over the past 10 years in providing an introductory look at the complexity of workplace theories of motivation. In semester-end student feedback, this class has been mentioned numerous times as one of the most impactful lessons of the course. Multiple students have commented on the effectiveness of the hands-on exercise in creating a memorable point of reference that makes it easier to retain class learning concepts. In fact, the most recent end of course feedback over one-third of students cited this lesson as the most memorable of the 30-lesson course.
The findings suggest that, although contact within a dyad is necessary for LMX formation, the nature of this contact is what drives LMX relationships. Beyond this, the authors provide evidence for the buffering effects of quality LMX relationship in the presence of otherwise negative traits. Taken together, the results suggest that even though increased LMX consistently leads to increases in performance, several factors both individual and situational affect this process.
The authors found that procedural justice, training opportunities and innovation were positively related to job satisfaction and affiliation commitment via the mediating effect of OID. The authors also found that supervisor support moderated the relationship between procedural justice and OID, and the relationship of procedural justice with job satisfaction was moderated by supervisor support.
The results were entirely inconsistent with the belief that there is a moderating component to transphobia, which is especially unfavorable to trans women. However, the preponderance of previous research indicates a moderated effect of gender transition and three sets of theories have been proposed to explain it.
The author proposes that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on this phenomenon. Most studies on incumbent adaptation, like a great deal of strategy research overall, follow variance thinking and strive to identify firm characteristics that correlate with performance outcomes, i.e. successful adaptation. Thus, the most recent comprehensive literature reviews build theory on the role of firm-level variables within contingency frameworks accounting for the nature of a specific technology and external environment.
Overall, the experiences running the exercise and data collected from participants (N = 87) suggest that the activity is effective at helping students to develop a stronger understanding of the process and importance of developing an organizational vision statement.
The results show that buyers who are higher in FTS are more likely to engage in proactive negotiation behavior. This relationship was found for buyers but not for sellers. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender. Female buyers who have a higher FTS tend to pay more in negotiations.
The findings suggest that the influence of individual embedding within different kinds of social networks on different forms of action depends on the nature of the network connections. Specifically, the authors find that individuals who are embedded within a range of local social networks are more likely to mobilize the resources offered by the organizational network and attempt to preserve the organization, while those embedded in professional networks are likely to pursue potential job opportunities elsewhere.
Students who rely on the new document-sharing technology may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their group projects. This technology makes it easy for students to collaborate without really connecting, which leaves students neither taking ownership of their project nor understanding the learning objectives of the project as a whole. The result is that students struggle with taking ownership.
Exposure to rude e-mail behavior decreases one's performance on a subsequent task. Further, the authors show that exposure to a rude email has a greater negative impact on subsequent task performance than being exposed to rude behavior face-to-face. Finally, exposure to rudeness is contagious and results in lower performance evaluation scores for an uninvolved third party.
The authors find that the debt threshold is found to be in the range of 20-50% of GDP. The authors also find that there is a U-shaped relationship between debt and growth in the long-run. In addition, the authors find evidence of nonlinearities in the debt-growth nexus.
- The results show that the SFA models estimate higher efficiency scores and less significant variability than the DEA models. Moreover, the mean cost efficiency calculated for each banking group is lower than for that taking into account the effect of time factor on both approaches. On the other hand, the comparison shows that there are some differences in the distribution characteristics and ranking order correlation of the efficiency scores provided by two different methods in this study.
The results show that financial integration reduces the relative volatility of consumption and output volatility. The study also finds that the effect of financial integration on macroeconomic volatility is stronger in the long-run than in the short-run. In addition, the study finds that political risk has no significant effect on the volatility of output and consumption.
The empirical results indicate the significant short-term Granger-causal effect of banking profitability on economic growth. However, the authors strongly support the long-run causality between banking security and growth achievement. In addition, the results show that banking security has a positive and significant effect on banking earnings Granger.
The results show that corruption has a negative and significant impact on SMEs' financing structure (formal debt, informal debt, equity and retained earnings). Specifically, the authors find that corruption is associated with a higher corporate debt ratio and short debt maturity for firms that mainly rely on external finance. The authors also find that informal payments have a positive and significant effect on a firm's financing structure.
The results show that in both the short-run and long-run, savings and population growth are affront to economic growth. However, in the short run, energy consumption has significant negative effect on economic growth but in the long run, and it has a positive impact on the Ghanaian economy.
The results show that the impact of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price is cointegrated and Granger causality is found. The results also show that there is a positive and significant relationship between exchange rate and export price in general and Vietnamese coffee in particular.
The study finds three main results. First, changes in world oil price cause a significantly powerful impact on domestic oil price and inflation. This impact is unavoidable as Vietnam is an oil importer and has become a net oil importers since 2010. Second, the impact of world oil prices on domestic price is asymmetric in terms of magnitude and timing. A positive change in world price causes a stronger impact in magnitude than a negative change in price does. Third, there is no statistically significant evidence on the short-run causal relationship between world price and domestic output growth. As oil and petroleum products are necessary inputs for production processes, oil demand elasticity to price is low in the short run.
The study found a negative and significant long-run effect of corporate tax rates on FDI inflows in Ghana. The study further found that all the other independent variables such as trade openness, market size and exchange rate, although statistically insignificant in influencing FDI, have a significant and positive short-run impact on the level of FDI in the Ghanaian economy.
The authors find that the effect of insider ownership on independent director appointment is positive when insiders hold little stock; however, this effect turns to be negative when insiders have large stock. In addition, both state ownership and foreign ownership are negatively related to firm decisions of appointing independent directors.
The results show that the US monetary policy normalization had a significant spillover effect on the African stock markets. The US 10-year bond yield added 20 basis points immediately after the announcement of the tapering decision in the US, while the South African bond yield and the Egyptian bond yield increased by around 20 and 10 basis points, respectively, after the normalization announcement in the USA. The results also show that there is a significant positive relationship between the 10- year bond yield of South Africa and the US bond yield, while that of Egypt, Kenya, Morocco and Ghana are negatively affected by the US normalization.
Results from this study shed light on the above-average sustainability levels of rice-shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam. The results indicated that the rice- shrimp farming system in the study area is sustainable in terms of productivity, productivity stability, stability, efficiency, compatibility, and equity. However, it was found that the sustainability level of the farming system was below the average level of rice paddy farming.
- The result shows that land value, income and level of education of household head contribute to relieving the degree of credit rationing facing rice farmers in the MRD. Meanwhile, rice farmers who are male or reside afar from credit insitutions tend to confront with more severecredit rationing. It is also found that the amount of capital allocated to fertilizer and hired labour decreases when credit rationed intensifies while that allocated to seed and pesticide is not influenced.
The results show that financial inclusion has a positive and significant effect on agricultural productivity in Nigeria. However, the effect of financial inclusion on agricultural output is not significant at the household level. The results also show that agricultural productivity is positively and significantly affected by financial inclusion.
The study finds significant impact of the variables as variables as per capita income growth rate and the effort level of the provincial authority. All other variables remain unchanged, the provinces that are evaluated as very high effort have higher proportion of achieved NRD criterion in 2011, the proportion of ethnic minority and mountainous communes of the provinces and population density. The subgroup 1 is the most difficult and difficult and consists of provinces in the difficult regions as the Northern Mountains, the Central Highland and Central Coast, and the subgroup 5 consists of the most favorable and favorable provinces as Red River Delta and South East.
The results show that infrastructure development in Sub-Saharan Africa has a positive and significant impact on industrial sector productivity. However, the impact of infrastructure development on industrial productivity varies by country and industry type. The results also show that the effect of infrastructure on productivity is stronger in low-income countries.
- The results of the meta-analysis indicate that the relationship between leverage and firm performance is positive and significant, both in terms of direction and quantified intensity. However, the strength of relationship between capital structure and performance of the firm is found to be quite weak. The results also suggest that the degree of influence of leverage on the firm's performance can be moderated by industry, business strategy and/or industry-specific characteristics of each study.
The results reveal that regional trade has a positive and significant impact on economic growth. However, the impact of regional trade with the rest of the world is less than that of intra-ECOWAS trade. The results also reveal that the positive impact of ECOWAS non-regional trade is not as strong as that of regionaltrade. The findings also show that the negative impact of trade with developed economies is not significant, while the positive effect of trade is significant.
The empirical results indicate that Confucianism has a positive and significant impact on economic growth under democratic regimes, while it has a negative and significant effect under autocratic regimes. However, it has no impact on growth under a democratic regime. In addition, it is also found that the impact of Confucius' culture on growth is asymmetrical depending on the political geography of the country.
- The results show that the higher tobacco tax has a negative impact on output and employment in the tobacco industry in Vietnam. In particular, the output of the tobacco sector has decreased by about 5% and the employment by about 1,000 persons, respectively, after the introduction of the SCT.
The results show that short-term IRs are much more volatile in economies with a higher degree of FI. Similar to the magnitude of a one standard deviation shock to the IR, the impact of an IR shock on the output gap and inflation in the two groups of economies with different levels of FI is much greater.
The results show that internal control has a positive and significant effect on the effectiveness of internal control in preventing tax avoidance practices. The results also show that family ownership and environmental uncertainty have a negative effect on internal control, while internal control and family ownership have a positive effect on tax avoidance. Environmental uncertainty has a negative and significant impact on tax planning practices.
The results show that the exchange rate pass-through into inflation is less than 1, both in the short and long term. In particular, it is the largest in the import prices and the smallest in the consumer prices. In addition, the authors also find that there is a positive and significant relationship between exchange rate and inflation.
The results show that the most efficient model is the random effect model. However, there exist multicollinearity, autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity, so the authors use the feasible general least squares to solve the phenomenon. Factors influencing Vietnam's handicraft export, such as Vietnam's GDP, import country's gross domestic product (GDP), trading partner's population, the economic distance between Vietnam and importer, the openness of Vietnam's trading partner, the language and the condition that both Vietnam and the importer are members of APEC, have a positive influence on Vietnamese handicrafts export. Vietnam's inflation has a negative influence on the export of handicraft products from Vietnam. The geographical distance and exchange rate are estimated to have a negative impact on Vietnamese export, but with an insignificant level.
The results show that the reallocation of resources between production units plays a crucial role in explaining productivity and potential growth of the Vietnamese manufacturing sector in transition. The authors find that job creation dominates job destruction in the early years of transition, but later in the transition, job destruction diminishes. They also find that newly established firms are the most dynamic ones in terms of job creation.
The authors first find strong correlation between GSV and trading volume, a popular proxy for investor attention. Then for attention impacts, market-related GSV reduces individual stock liquidity, whereas individual stock volume of firm-level search queries shows mixed results. Market-wide attention increases stock volatility, whereas firm- level attention, again, increases volatility. In addition, firm-specific attention can either reduce or increase volatility in stock returns.
First, economic structure change with an increase in the share of the industry sector has a positive impact on poverty reduction. Agricultural development is a good indicator for poverty reduction than the service sector. Therefore, it is necessary to focus on improving the efficiency of the agricultural sector compared to the services sector. Second, focusing on employment expansion will have a significant impact on Poverty Reduction. Basically, the growth model of Vietnam still has many features of the growth models in width, so employment is still the most effective direct solution to poverty reduction in Vietnam. Third, the process of restructuring from agriculture to industry sector should be strongly encouraged. This will make urbanization faster. In the context of rapid industrialization in the agricultural sectors, increasing urbanization will effectively reduce poverty. The final solution, in parallel with continuing to control the population growth rate well, is to set education goals as a top priority for the poor in order to raise individual's sense of poverty reduction, and this is the most efficient solution in the long term
Using the Labor Force Survey in 2015 in Vietnam, the authors show a rather surprising result that unlike developed countries, Vietnam has a higher incidence of under-education than over-education, possibly due to the fact that a large proportion of population in rural areas not having access to formal education. Using augmented Mincerian wage equation, it is found that returns to each year of over- education and under- education are significantly lower than those to each years of required education. Further, the linear regression results show that the impact of qualification mismatch on earnings is not significant.
The research found that there was systematically non-compliant levels and poor disclosure quality pertaining to goodwill impairment among clients of auditors in the multi-year data set after HKFRS adoption. Out of Big 4, clients of Deloitte, EY, KPMG and PWC were judged, on the whole, to be the best practice on goodwill impairment testing process. There have been alternative positions of higher levels of non-compliance rates among clients. Apparently, the extent of compliant rates with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS), including HKAS 36, is likely to be higher among the Big 4 auditors than clients of other audit firms.
The findings confirm the significant and positive impact of all three antecedents from the TPB on intention to buy green products among Vietnamese and Taiwanese consumers. For Taiwanese consumers, SN was found to be the most influential predictor of PI, followed by PBC and finally ATT. For Vietnamese consumers, PBC, SN and ATT were found to have a significant impact on green purchase behavior.
This study found a direct positive relationship between organizational learning and business performance, not an indirect relationship as found in Akgun et al. (2007) study. In addition, it adds to the literature by having found that of the four dimensions of organizational learning, management commitment to learning is the most important factor and has the highest degree of positive effect on business performance. The second dimension is knowledge transfer and integration.
The regression results show that the amount of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers depends on the size of input orders (a pulling factor) and the pressure of competition among input-cum-trade creditors (a pushing factor). It is inferred from the results that forming cooperatives, shrimp farmers can improve the chance of being granted trade credit. Cooperatives allow for effective contracts and enforcement, which reduces the risk of non-repayment by buyers who hope to steal the owed credit.
The results indicate that the reduction of the tariff will not only increase the social welfare but also strengthen the whole economy regarding the growth of household consumption, factors of production and trade value. In fact, when the tariff rate of the industrial sector is 0 percent, consumers are the benefitted the most because the price becomes more competitive and reasonable with the presence of import products, while manufacturers have plenty of opportunities to accost modern technology in order to improve their productivity and consume quality intermediate goods at a reasonable price. Interestingly, this paper also demonstrates that the sacrifices of government will certainly bring more significant benefits to the economy.
Findings from the IRF showed that foreign direct investment inflows exert a positive impact on economic growth. This implies that FDI flows into Nigeria have contributed to growth through increased factor productivity, efficient use of resources and transfer of managerial skills and advanced technology. It was also found that portfolio investment flows have a positive effect on the growth of the Nigerian economy. The impact is exerted through increased financial liquidity, which has made funds available for productive investment. The IRF, however, showed that personal remittances have not resulted in the growth. The study also noted that from the FEVD, FDI accounts for the major variation in economic growth, which is due to the fact that it constitutes the most stable components of private capital inflows.
Using a research sample of 1,281 observations from 193 firms listed in the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange during the period from 2009 to 2017, the authors find that the proportion of independent directors is negatively related to firm investment but its interactive term with Tobin's Q is positively related to corporate investment. These findings imply that independent directors can help firms reduce overinvestment and improve investment efficiency. Moreover, the research findings indicate that these effects are stronger for financially constrained firms.
The results indicate that there is no significant difference between the performance of actively managed mutual funds and passively managed funds in Vietnam. However, there is evidence of a positive relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic factors such as inflation rate, interest rate and trade balance. In addition, the results show that fund size, board independence, fund age, fees and expenses have a positive effect on fund performance, while fund age has a negative effect.
The study finds evidence to prove that there is an ACAR of rival firms when a stock repurchase is announced in the Vietnamese stock market. Moreover, this ACAR round the event date is also affected by firms' characteristics. Specifically, the event study method is employed to calculate and test the significance of the CAR and ACAR. Its result indicates that the effect of share repurchase announcements on rival firms in Vietnam is statistically significant and less dramatic than on announcing ones. This effect could be positive or negative depending on the specific characteristics of each industry. However, almost all the results suggest the hypothesis of the "contagious effect." The study also applies OLS regression to determine some firm characteristics that could affect the ACAR in event window (-1, 1) surrounding the announcement date. The first factor is ROS presenting profit performance. It is proved that firms with high ROS would have more chance to be influenced by stock buyback announcements. Second, rival firms having a stable financial situation (high LI
Based on a survey of 266 firms, this study finds that in Vietnam, organizational innovation has a positive impact on firm performance. Among three aspects of organizational innovation, innovation in business practices and innovation in workplace organization are significantly positively associated with firm performance while innovation in external relations is not. There is no evidence to support the impact of interaction among three organizational innovation aspects on the performance of firms.
The author finds that rural roads can increase household welfare, including farm and nonfarm income, in the short run, as well as in the long run. The author also finds that there is heterogeneity in the impact of rural roads. Rural roads are found to be an important factor in local market development and the impact is higher for poor areas.
- By comparing the concept and connotation, purpose and goal, zoning methods and zoning function of the two MSP frameworks, the paper points out their concrete differences. For one thing, MFZ provides references with respect to data, zoning method and partial zoning results for the MMFZP. For another, in view of the problem with MFZ - such as project-oriented zoning trend, uncoordinated zoning between adjacent regions, incomplete zoning coverage and lack of quantification in the index system - the MMfZP has taken corresponding measures in its implementation to promote the national MSP work. According to these research results, the authors have suggested to strengthen data sharing, referencing between zoning methods, coordination between the MMFsZP and MFZ and scientific division of labor and effective cooperation between the two frameworks.
Most of the ports studied do not consider CSR in their mission and vision. Although CSR is not considered in the missions and visions, during the realization of this work, several CSR activities could be identified; this is an indication of the lack of congruence and planning between what is said and what is actually done.
The analysis shows that grey sets and grey systems are an ideal option in capturing uncertainty like information incompleteness not only for small data but also big data. The proposed GDA is proposed as a novel concept for data analytics. The data collection, imputation, storage and management are then discussed, and the data analysis for grey data with full consideration of the possible imperfection of analysis tools is then analysed.
The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. The grey relational theory has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and the grey relational model has become the main branch of grey systems theory with the most extensive application.
The results show the higher maritime transportation elasticities of environmental pollution and lower economic growth elasticities, compared with the air transportation. It is implied that the maritime transportation is more pollutant and less productive in comparison with theAir transportation.
The analysis results show that scholars mainly study current situation and countermeasures from a macro-perspective. Research topics focus on related industries and activities of marine economy, mainly involving the contents of management, economics and ecology. A multi-disciplinary research framework system in this area has not yet been established, and needs more in-depth study.
Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. In this paper, through the scientific process that from "analysis of theory basic, analysis of related factors, description of process mechanism" to "analyze of system structure, decomposition of system hierarchical, identification of the complete set of indicators" to primary selection the indicators system, using system engineering and hierarchical structure decomposition theory, optimize the indices system construction process analysis method; aim at the expert assessment quality test; judge the authoritative degree of expert opinion and clarify the index attribute value range, based on Delphi assignment method, other four methods for expert assignment, expert evaluation results for individual indicators and multi-index test, reliability test and validity test, and the expert assignment quality test.
Through the analysis of the research results, it can be concluded that the marine economic development capacity of Qingdao is generally on the increase trend, the total marine economy has been on the rise trend, and the marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management are generally declining. The comprehensive management of oceans is generally declining, and it varies with the changes of environment and economy.
Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration.
The research results indicate that the binding supply capacity constraint makes the water capacity to be allocated among IBWT distributors in accordance with fair shortage allocation rule and reduces the profit (or utility) of the IBWT supply chain and its members; the existence of fairness concern reduces the utility of its supply chain members; and a lower precipitation utilization factor in the CNB is beneficial for improving the profit/utility of the supply chain, while a higher precipitation utilization factors in CBB are beneficial for enhancing the operational performance of IB WT supply chain.
This paper demonstrates that GMCR can provide valuable strategic insights for enhancing the decision-making process. GMCR methodology should prove to be highly effective in resolving conflict in the many areas in which controversies could take place in the broad field of Marine Economics and Management. Overall, difficult problems that arise in this field should inspire the utilization, improvement and development of many types of decision tools.
The results of this paper show that the most recent advances in international marine econometrics methods have been applied to more specific areas of marine research, such as ocean energy, ocean wind energy, tidal energy, marine food chain, marine aquaculture, marine resources and environment, and other fields. In addition, the results of these econometric methods can be used to predict the development trend of China's marine economy.
Canada has a long history in both fisheries and aquaculture and, in particular, in providing global leadership in science and conservation, technological innovation and environmental sustainability. Canada has the longest coastline in the world by far (202,080 km), and even when in the coastal areas of the country, it is one of the largest capture fisheries countries. It is difficult to overstate the economic and social benefits of this sector to rural and coastal communities including those in Canada, given the level of employment and financial benefits and contribution to food security.
Based on the IFLS, some basic fuzzy AOs, such as geometric weighted mean (IULWGM) operator (Liu and Jin, 2012), geometric ordered weighted mean IULWGIWGM operator(Liu, 2012) and interval-value IULWTGM operator (Jin, 2013) have been used to obtain the comprehensive values of alternatives by aggregating all attribute values, and then rank the alternatives. The ILFS can more adequately dispose the fuzzy and uncertain information than the IFS, LT and LTS.
The grey relational degree of the new grey relational model is found to be more accurate and reliable than the grey absolute correlation degree and the grey convex relational degree in the context of three-dimensional panel data. In addition, it can be used to evaluate the marine economic performance of the Chinese marine industry.
Consistent with the hypotheses developed from the experimental accounting research, the authors find that firms whose CEOs have accounting backgrounds exhibit lower levels of accounting conservatism, but not higher levels of income-increasing discretionary accruals. The authors also find that CEOs with accounting backgrounds are less likely to engage in earnings management and are more likely to report conservatively.
The authors find that dialyzer reuse is positively associated with improvements in clinical process measures, but it is associated with an increase in the SHR of patients. The authors also observe that dialysis centers that are part of a larger chain/network of dialysis clinics, and those that are for-profit, exhibit higher SHR compared to independent or stand-alone dialysis facilities and non-profit dialysis centres.
The authors find that as auditor quality, proxied by specialization, increases, ROA and sales revenue become more important in determining executive cash compensation. Furthermore, as auditor specialization increases, the level of cash compensation paid to executives will decrease, denoting a shift from base pay to incentive pay. The authors also find that the associations that the authors predicted with auditor specialization would be lower in the post-Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) period.
The analysis within the multiple-manager framework produces a number of new results. The main lesson is that the use of performance measures under uncertainty is greatly affected by the potential for free-riding in the management teams. This is particularly true when the management team size is large and when it is profitable and when the number of managers change.
The authors find that the SOX has had a negative effect on firm productivity in the post-SOX period. In particular, the authors document a significant decrease in the productivity of CPA firms in the period of compliance with Sections 302 and 404 of the Act. The authors also find a significant increase in productivity of non-CPA firms after the implementation of Section 404.
The results show that the DEA estimator is unable to identify the outlier in terms of efficiency when the observed error term is composed of both measurement error and statistical noise. Furthermore, the performance declines as the variance of the measurement error increases.
The results show that product innovation has a positive effect on firm economic performance in the post-crisis context, whereas cost-cutting has a negative effect on economic performance. In addition, product innovation is found to have a positive impact on the economic performance of firms that have adopted a diversification business strategy.
The authors have spotted two areas where risk psychology could complement marketing management: risk attitudes as part of perceptual maps; and risk perception in communication. The claim is that brand or policy promises could be justified and targeted in accordance to their risk-related product category, making perceived-risk attitudes a useful complement of positioning statement, and that brand communication could be framed according to psychological biases in a context of decision under uncertainty.
The results show that the intensity of the shading applied by the DMs will depend on the relative payoffs received by the managers and employees. Moreover, the authors find that this effect is moderated by firm involvement in high performance work system practices. In particular, firms are more likely to use team-based performance payoffs when coordination across employees constitutes an important part of the production process.
The results show that the proposed integrated approach can be used to assess the performance of each alternative under the least favorable weights, which can be called optimistic DEA models. On the other hand, pessimistic DEA models can be developed to evaluate the performance under the most favorable weights.
The paper finds that educators exhibit professionalism in the pandemic by enacting practical wisdom. Practical wisdom involves knowing when to bend rules, to improvise, to be flexible in applying guidelines - and to do so in service of the common good. The virtue of practical wisdom is inherently important in a range of professions, including education. And the discombobulation of the COVID-19 pandemic heightens this need.
The authors argue that the global pandemic has opened up new possibilities for educators to reimagine what it means to be truly concerned with the lives of other humans, whether it be in schools or in community. At the outset, like other teacher educators, the authors were relieved to have video conferencing platforms to communicate with students. But as the new reality of virtual teaching sets in teacher education classrooms surface, we are starting to see old tensions surface in our classrooms. These include racialized situations, as well as emphasis on content and meeting deadlines. Our worry is the loss of physicality, and not humaneness becomes central. This has implications for equity-oriented education.
The findings show that the Ministry of Education (MOE) of Kuwait did not manage to implement the integrated education reform program (IERP) successfully, as it did not achieve its goals, including the integration of online learning in Kuwait's school system. The main reason for this failure is that the MOE did not take into account the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait. The findings also show that there is a lack of understanding on the part of some administrators as to what constitutes quality education and how it is achieved.
The paper finds that equity is a major challenge, perhaps the single most challenging issue as we attempt to build back better education systems. The assumption is that the learning loss experienced by children and young people from disadvantaged backgrounds will be greater than those from more advantaged backgrounds and therefore COVID-19 will reinforce and amplify educational inequities.
- The paper finds that, in times of crisis, there are opportunities to explore the "adjacent possible" that are hovering on the edge of the possible, and they tend to become more apparent when boundaries are pushed.
The results showed that the structural effects of social capital and social structures had a significant impact on schools' adaptive capacity for sociotechnical changes. Structural and cognitive aspects of the social capital of teachers and school leaders were found to have a significant effect on the adaptive capacity of schools in the context of the pandemic. The findings also revealed that social capital had a positive effect on school leaders' capacity for constructive adaptive capacity, which in turn contributed to the school's capacity to adapt to the crisis.
The story of educational PPPs is not one of universal success. Risks include lax oversight, transparency and accountability, along with increased inequality and higher costs. As with other educational issues, there is no one-size-fits all solution for countries. But by incorporating learning from existing experiences and literature, policymakers can minimize risks and ensure a high level of ethics and sustainability.
The experience in Chile, as in other school systems around the world, shows that the decision to transfer school work to homes through remote and online teaching strategies revealed the precarity of many families' lives, not only concerning connectivity problems but also due to their social and economic vulnerability. Likewise, teachers and school leaders found themselves in complex situations trying to maintain contact with their students during the closing of school buildings, while also accompanying the educational process of their own children and/or dealing with precarious conditions similar to those of their students. Furthermore, the educational authorities' insistence to return to normal, pushing the system to continue with business as usual, only revealed the irrationality of what normal has come to mean in our education systems. The emphasis on students' academic achievement on standardized tests, the disproportionate value of and reliance on quantitative effectiveness indicators and the permanent performance monitoring and control of teachers and principals work have finally sparked a necessary conversation about educators' professionalism.
The authors describe how the pandemic has made participating in this type of work even more challenging. Because diversity work can often be seen as an "extra" on top of the general business of an institution, it is easy to lose when we focus on key priorities in an emergency, especially as these key priorities are often determined by those in power. And if the work is lost, it becomes harder as already notional academy members to feel confident in their positions and to advocate for more diverse people to join us.
Based on the analysis of reviews published in the last decade, this paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, they used this framework to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands.
The authors find that the pandemic has had a profound impact on pedagogies and professionalism. It has challenged and disrupted the work of educators, the daily learning experiences of students and even the concept of schooling. In addition, it has led to the emergence of a new model of teaching and learning called "agile distance learning" that has been described as the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history.
SPARK provides an example of a research-based model that educators from other districts can see and use as a springboard for reimagining their own educational spaces and practices in this new and still uncertain period when schools and school districts consider how to move forward. While many of these practices are not novel, SPARK combines them in a way that is unique and particularly relevant for the present moment and for school and classroom practice beyond the pandemic.
This article considers some of the fault lines within education that have been made more visible through COVID-19. It examines current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. It concludes with some reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances.
Lortie's 1975 book, Schoolteacher, portrayed teachers as people who were unwilling to change because they were trapped in workplace cultures of individualism that shielded them from the knowledge and expertise of their peers. The pandemic has changed people's opinions about teaching, and how it has changed teachers' opinions about it and how we can develop ways to change teaching differently in the future. What Lortie called the psychic rewards of emotional satisfaction and feedback that teachers get from teaching, often through their interactions with individuals, have been transformed by the pandemic.
The experience of this pandemic has made clear that teachers, school leaders and education systems are key to building better societies. But they require broader support. Concerns of equity and access must be part of a wider public policy agenda focussed on eliminating inequality, amplifying the voices of our often marginalized or forgotten community members and ensuring education is the vehicle through which we empower, champion and lead our communities. In doing so, out of a global emergency could come a renewed sense of humanity and belief in the unparalleled power of education.
The authors argue that by recognising the role of professional networks and professional capital in developing effective student support, educators are able to better understand the student support needs and fulfil their role in supporting student learning and thriving. The authors also argue that to effectively develop our professional support in a way that will benefit disadvantaged students the most, we need to consider the roles of social interactions and social capital formation in our work.
Although undeniably tragic, the COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead.
There is only a little chance school education will change without bold and brave shifts in mindset in how that change happens. This includes, for example, a shift from one-size-for-all prescriptions for teaching and learning to flexible, diverse and self-directed ideas to diverse communities and a collective move from educating toward fixed, predictable outcomes to new, surprising ideas (knowledge or skills) as a result of creative and divergent learning.
Principals are the face of their school communities, and while this role brings high levels of stress, the current moment highlights the specific power of this position. Principals have the capacity to exert professionalism over their work and to have greater say in elements of it, recognizing that some decisions must be made at district, state and federal levels.
The authors argue that the current context requires new definitions of professional community in education, particularly when it comes to serving immigrant students. Typically, we have thought of professional communities in education to incorporate primarily educators - administrators, teachers and other school-based staff working with students. However, families and community organizations are also essential supports. Although informal interactions can provide support when schools are open, leaders need to think strategically about shifting those interactions through purposeful outreach and communication across stakeholders during school closures. As we all grapple with the implications of the pandemic for education, school leaders play a central role in reimagine an expanded professional community that can be leveraged to support immigrant students in crisis.
This article explores social and educational responses to COVID-19 in Spain (my home country) in which professional capital and community is at the epicenter of the fight against this virus. The article is structured in four parts: first, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to the pandemic.
- The paper finds that school leaders are navigating tensions in a time of adaptation and evolution, by necessity. They are doing the best they can in the circumstances, with little lead in time and minimal upskilling, and most of it is not ideal.
The results show that US SAs are the leading SAs worldwide and have the best performance in terms of the key performance indicators. The results also show that the performance of SAs in the USA is significantly higher than that of other SAs. However, the results also indicate that US accelerators are more successful than their counterparts in other countries.
- The results suggest that the likelihood of recessionary conditions and combined effects of inflation expectations, macroeconomic uncertainty and realized inflation influence variability in specific bank performance indicators in the US banking sector.
The results obtained show that the relationship between slack resources and performance is stable over time. However, the duration of the effects varies according to the type of slack, the measurement of performance and other contingent variables, such as the sector or the nature of the company.
The results show that the perception of PA has a positive and significant impact on employees' perceptions of HRM system strength (distinctiveness, consistency and consensus), which, in turn, have a positive effect on IB. The authors also found that the relationship between PA and IB is moderated by employees' perception of the three dimensions of HR system strength.
According to the neural network model, the findings indicate that as motivation to transfer learning increases among one relational dyad, the cyclical effect increases among all dyads. The continual presence of motivation and the correlative effect on each dyad show a progressive transfer of knowledge persists when intrinsic and extrinsic cues remain to resonate in mastery-approach and achievement goals. Inversely, when motivation decreases among dyads, the effect retracts and eventually stops.
Based on the analysis of research model, all the eight hypothesized paths except two (suppliers' environmental focus and ethical treatment) were substantiated. Interestingly, the authors also found that firms' sustainable supplier selection practices are positively and significantly linked with superior financial performance. Also, the moderating effect of resource investment in sustainability initiatives was found to be significant.
The results of this study show that the more employees suffer from workplace ostracism, the less likely they are to show in-role performance and OCB. POS decreases the influence of workplace ostrcism on employees' performance. Employees with a higher level of POS can reduce work demands generated by workplace ostricism through access to relevant resources at work. And, employees with higher levels of POS decrease psychological demands that coping with workplace ostratism places on the employee through feeling their sense of self-worth and its satisfaction of the fundamental human need for belongingness.
EPU has a positive impact on Bitcoin returns and volatility at higher quantiles, just like gold. These results demonstrate that Bitcoin does not act as a simple means of exchange, the main purpose for which it was created, but rather that it presents characteristics of investment assets, specifically of safe havens. These findings allow investors to consider this asset as a tool to protect their savings in times of economic uncertainty.
The results show that gamification in sport apps has a positive effect on the satisfaction of the three basic psychological needs of competence, autonomy and relatedness, and their influence on autonomous motivation. In addition, the findings show that the different game elements have different effects on autonomous and competence motivation. The results also show that autonomous motivation mediates the relationship between gamification and competence and autonomy.
The results indicate that employee satisfaction mediates the relationship between HRM practices and the competitive advantage of five-star hotels in the tourism sector in Northern Cyprus. The results also indicate that the mediating effect of employee satisfaction is stronger in the case of hotels with high levels of practical compensation.
The results show that the anthropomorphism process exerts stronger effects on brand love than a non-human perspective of a brand. The anthropomorphized version of the brand is more loved than the objectified version. The findings also show that consumers' liking for the anthropomorphic brand version has a stronger effect on the brand love dimension than the non-anthropomorphized brand version.
The results show that the restaurant service is more valuable than the massage service in three- and five-stars hotels. Moreover, the results provide information regarding the range of prices for both hotel typologies (higher in five-star-hotel customers). Managers of hotels may use the mixed-leader bundling to increase their sales and improve their revenue, especially in five and three-star hotels. The results also show that customers' price sensitivity is significantly different between the two hotel types.
The results support the necessity of taking the country-level governance into account because a global framework can act as a substitute for corporate governance at the firm level. Additionally, a policy acting in the interests of shareholders could lead to looser investment rules. In terms of ownership, the authors found that banks with high state ownership or institutional investors' stakes take more risks than their conventional counterparts. Finally, Islamic banks are greater risk takers than conventional banks.
The results indicate that cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior significantly influence knowledge transfer between expatriates and HCNs, bi-directionally, and shared vision mediates the relationship between individual factors and knowledge transfer. Shared vision is found to be a mediator in the relationships of cultural intelligence, feedback- seeking behavior, shared vision, knowledge transfer and expatriation.
The results show that CEO's age, firm size and the age of the firm are the key determinants of firm's performance. Furthermore, the authors find that the asymmetrical relationship between CEO's compensation and firm performance is non-linear. The authors also find that there is a positive and significant relationship between the CEO's total compensation and the firm performance.
The authors find evidence that the structure of the conditional correlations was statistically significant. Further, modeling the spillover mechanism tremendously boosts the predictability of volatility throughout the region. The persistence of volatility spillover effects is truly remarkable on the time period under study. The findings shed new light into the CEE Area's volatility transmission literature. The estimates stemming from the estimation of the GARCH-BEKK model reveal that all pair countries present strong interconnection and existence of channels of shock propagation within CEE markets during study period.
The results show that the GDP growth rate (GDPGR), GDP per capita and GNI per capita are the most significant macroeconomic variables that have significant effects on the NPL in the panel of high-income countries. In addition, the study finds that the economic cycle has a significant impact on the credit risk, especially during the recession period. Furthermore, the findings show that economic growth is the most important macroeconomic variable that impacts the financial fragility of the financial institutions.
The results show that satisfaction is not a necessary and sufficient condition to avoid switching. Instead, anticipated regret, post-purchase regret and alternative attractiveness are the main determinants of switching intention. Furthermore, the results reveal that utilitarian services are more attractive than hedonic services in terms of satisfaction and regret.
The findings indicate that the majority of the Malaysian public-listed companies have adopted initiatives relating to climate change in the production of their goods and services. The findings also indicate that financial strength and corporate governance structure influence the decisions of management to incorporate climate change initiatives in their products and services, as they require substantial resources to implement such initiatives.
The LDP model may be considered complex, but in a turbulent, complex and fast-changing world, the authors do not believe in simple and easy solutions. This conviction was reinforced with the reviews conducted with respect to the research, because the authors found various situations to consider as well as possible solutions.
The results show that REITs are more efficient than REOCs, but they are not as efficient as non-REITs. In addition, the authors find that the difference in efficiency between the two types of firms is mainly due to differences in firm structure. The results also show that the efficiency of the REIT system in Central-Eastern European countries is lower than that of the rest of the EU.
The results indicate that perceived CSR has a significant indirect effect on purchase intention and perceived reputation. However, the authors did not observe a direct effect, although they did observe an indirect effect when brand image mediated the relationship. The authors also observed that the proposed relationships were consistent with those described in the literature in terms of both direct and indirect effects.
A positive causal relationship was found among all variables in the study, confirming all five hypotheses. Thus, the individual, consistent, and continuous fulfilment of the brand promise is essential for creating and increasing perceptions of authenticity. This is a particularly important revelation in the craft beer market due to an immense number of brands employing very similar marketing strategies, it is increasingly difficult to position a single brand as having high individuality, but the yearning for BA is evident.
The results show that the presence of gray directors on corporate boards has no significant association with the magnitude of CEO compensation. However, there is a significant association between the size of the board and CEO compensation among different ownership categories of Indian companies.
It was found that neither the theory nor the empirical evidence are conclusive for establishing a relation between these variables, because different authors find different results depending on the sample, country or firms studied. Second, no consensus was observed regarding the relation between board composition and innovation, with both positive and negative arguments being found, and empirical evidence not always pointing in the same direction. Although in recent years many researchers have been focusing on this field of study, a consistent explanation still needs to be found for these relations. Also, since the empirical Evidence is not extensive, most prior studies have analyzed the influence on innovation of the degree of ownership concentration or the identity of the main shareholders.
The results show that family board ownership has a positive effect on firm performance, and this effect is mediated by the generation of the family members in charge of the board of directors. Moreover, the results indicate that family ownership is positively related to firm performance in family SMEs with a higher percentage of family members on the board.
The results show that Islamic indices outperform their conventional counterparts during the subprime crisis considering the volatility spillover effects. In addition, this paper is an attempt to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze the performance of Islamic indices in comparison with theirventional counterparts. Indeed, the market efficiency is not alone enough for capital budgeting and for the analysis of market performance; market volatility is another main axis because it is straightforwardly related to the degree of risk. The time-varying parameters make it possible to track the dynamics of good and bad news inherent to market factors.
The results showed that leader Machiavellianism was positively related to employees' quiescent silence and relational identification, which in turn was positively associated with employee silence. In addition, psychological distance moderated the relationship between leader's Machiavelianism and employee silence via relational identification. The results also showed that psychological distance had a moderating effect on the relationship of leader'sMachiavellia with employee silences.
Results show a clear difference between the practices declared by employers and the experiences of young graduates. On one side, companies state they propose to new employees a wide range of opportunities to be trained, to receive feedbacks and to be accompanied by mentors and coaches, while, on the other side, graduates indicate a much lower offer provided by companies.
The results of this study indicate that a lack of POS, power distance and paternalistic orientation may cause employees to engage in destructive deviant behavior. Supportive PSS with paternalistic and power distance orientation may also cause employee DWB. On the other side, lack of supportive POS with lack of paternalistic orientations may cause deviant behaviors. This study also found that POS and PSS are positively related to DWB, while power distance is negatively related.
The results obtained in this study indicate that almost all the dimensions of EB attractiveness have an influence on the intention of millennials to apply for a job, with the only exception being economic value.
The results obtained corroborate that both the entrepreneurial activity and the creation of new firms have a positive effect on the productive efficiency of the regions. In addition, the promotion of knowledge and the stock of human capital and the development of technological innovation act as catalysts that favourably influence overall economic activity and, in particular, productive efficiency.
The paper shows how various actors fight to build, maintain and defend positions in the supply chain. It shows how they go about to do so, along with the reactive steps taken by other parties, and categorised to shape theoretical understandings for power struggles in a disruptive supply chain, and how they create uncertainty and act-to-survive orientations.
The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools. The results of the state-of-the-art with the available techniques are presented.
The results show that trust in the leader has a positive effect on organizational efficiency and that this effect is mediated by team members' trust in their team leader. In addition, the results indicate that the relationship between trust and organizational efficiency is stronger in a virtual environment.
The results show that transactional and transformational leaders are able to promote specific and generalist HC, respectively. However, the former relationship was only found in the production departments, and the latter in the marketing departments.
The results show that the HR decision-maker's EI is positively related to the adoption of high-performance HR practices, and that this relationship is moderated by the HR manager's perception about the utility of adopting these practices. The results also show that HR managers with high levels of EI are more likely to adopt these practices than their counterparts.
The results show that HR professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices. In addition, the findings reveal that these contexts have a significant impact on the extent to which HR professionals judge their own practices to be unethical.
The results show that natural attractions are the most important tourist attractions in Spain, followed by cultural and dual attractions. Natural attractions are found to be more important than cultural/historical attractions. Cultural attractions are not as important as natural tourist attractions.
The results of this paper show that the ratio of instantaneous variation introduced by Cruz and Munoz (2001) is the best measure of time inconsistency in intertemporal choice. In addition, it is shown that there is a positive relationship between time inconsistency and impatience.
According to the results obtained, the mediating effect is not confirmed because the relationship between WLB practices and profitability cannot be significant for the period studied. In addition, the results show that female participation in the workforce has a positive effect on financial performance.
The results show that the clients assisted variable is an efficient and consistent substitute for the sales variable in estimations of the PLC phases in the Bass model. This is in line with the results obtained in previous works.
Entrepreneurial orientation (EO) was found to be positively related to entry mode strategies and government affiliation strategies, and performance outcomes. Additionally, the authors found that government affiliation strategy was not significantly related to performance outcomes, while entry mode strategy was positively related.
The results indicate that strategic flexibility configurations related to production and marketing flexibility have a significant role in product innovation. Each functional area has shown different performance in product innovativeness. Only HR flexibility produces no result in a comparison of functional contributions to product innovations. Solution terms for product innovation show that negation of marketing flexibility creates a little more change, in comparison to production flexibility. Findings also show functional areas contribute to strategic performance by advancing innovation related to the third proposition.
The results show that perceived organisational support (POS) and perceived managerial support (PSS) have a positive effect on job satisfaction. PSS has a stronger effect on the job satisfaction of public employees in Poland than in Spain. In addition, PSS is positively related to job satisfaction in both countries, but the effect is stronger in Spain than in Poland. The results also show that the relationship between POS and job satisfaction is mediated by PSS.
The results show that firms can design and manage institutional mechanisms strategically, not only to appropriate value, but also to enhance their capacity to create value. In particular, it is shown that firms are able to influence the way in which IPRs are designed to enhance producer-centred innovation processes, while they were not designed to enable user-centre innovation processes.
RFID and ERP can contribute to supply chain integration in terms of the flow of information. This capability allows supply chain managers to have access to comprehensive information that gives them the ability to understand what is going on at different tiers of the supply chain. Such an opportunity aids managers in making more informed decisions, with enhanced planning and control of processes and activities. Moreover, despite the benefits of ESs, their implementation is often associated with high costs. Therefore, it is critically important that firms conduct deep analyses regarding their internal processes as well as their overall situation with respect to the external environment in order to prevent the waste that can result from ES failure.
This research found that companies with large boards tend to show higher corporate reputation and lower corporate financial performance (FP) than companies with smaller boards. The evidence presented in this research reveals that the association between financial and reputational performance is not found in the Colombian case. Furthermore, this research shows that firms with smaller Boards tend to be listed in the stock market, assume less risk and deliver the highest financial results. In contrast, firms with large Boards tend not to be Listing in the Stock Market, carry out Exp Exp and show higher financial results and higher reputations. Finally, FBs do not tend to have large boards, are not listed, and are not related to family businesses.
The results show that the R&D group is characterized by the same process obtained in the authors' previous studies, namely innovations are promoted by technology, human factors, and organizational arrangements. On the other hand, the non-R&D groups have a different innovation process due to shortages in human resources, funds, or a low level of technology. Based on field research, these firms conduct innovation through the leadership of owners who dominate the firm in terms of technology, ideas, and human factors.
The results of this study show that the use of technology before, during, and after the visit influences the tourism experience. In addition, the results confirm the importance of technology in tourist destinations classified as smart destinations, confirming the need to make them competitive destinations.
The results indicate that the Canary Islands website obtained significantly greater assessments when compared to that of the Balearic Islands, and for all and each of the dimensions for perceived website quality. These results are explained by the content analysis; the Canary Island website provided users with a higher number of visual impacts (destination images, videos and larger sized web), with interactive areas (co-creation spaces to share travel photos taken at the destination) and updated contents. On the other hand, this is due to the fact that it has a platform where visitors can upload messages simulating that these are written in the sand, photos and travel testimonials.
The results show that the most important factors for the success of the emblematic hotel segment are the following: the number of employees, the quality of the property, the location of the hotel, the type of the building, the price, the atmosphere and the location in a special environment. In addition, it is established that there are other factors that are more important.
The results show that the formation of e-loyalty among young people in the context of destination tourism is influenced by the following drivers: website design, quality of service, firm image and reputation, image of the destination, website quality, website image and website image, website reputation, website design and website quality. In addition, e-commerce is found to have a significant effect on the formation and consumption of e -loyalism among young consumers.
The results show that intensity of social media use significantly influences brand awareness. In turn, awareness has a positive relationship with cognitive and affective image of the brand, brand quality, customer value and the intention to make eWOM. The analysis of the relationship between brand awareness and the image components shows that the information that tourists find on social networks changes the cognitive image, but does not lead to a recommendation to visit the destination. The tourist recommends the tourist destination only if the information received provokes a positive emotion. Consequently, the affectiveimage becomes the most important driver of prediction of consumer behaviour. In addition, the positive relationship between destination quality and customer value has been confirmed.
Ten models have been developed with significant adjusted R2 of between 0.85 and 0.93 making the models and results robust. In fact, prices change depending on the date of departure, the number of days before departure the booking is made, the type of cabin and whether some features or services are offered, such as casinos, cinemas, outdoor swimming pools or all-inclusive.
The main results show significant interactions between oil price, gold rate, USD and stock prices. Indeed, the authors found that oil price is significantly affected by stock markets, gold and trade-weighted USD exchange rate. Oil price is also affected by oil futures price as well as by Chinese oil gross imports. Gold price is concerned by changes in oil,USD and stock markets but slightly depends on US oil imports and default premium. The USD exchange rates are also negatively affected by US consumer price index. The authors note that indirect effects exist which confirm the presence of global interdependencies and the financialization process of commodity markets.
The results show that brand strength is a significant predictor of loyalty. In addition, customer satisfaction (CS) mediates the relationship between brand strength and loyalty. The results also show that CS has a positive effect on brand strength.
The authors found that ABS has been used to study organizational behavior and manage complexity within organizations and their environments. ABOS proved to have a rich variety of practical and theoretical approaches to management and organizational studies. It supports high-level abstractions aimed at explaining and formalizing organizational dynamics. Further, it gives managers and decision-makers detailed models that can be empirically calibrated to support decision making, prediction and optimization in strategic, tactical or operational scenarios.
The results show that the MNCs with the highest levels of social performance that can fulfil the expectations of stakeholders in both local and global contexts obtain a better reputation, as their stakeholders come to see them as responsible, consistent organizational entities. The results also support the relationship between geographic international diversification and reputation through the mediating role ofsocial performance.
The proposed method was tested on a real social network and the results show that the proposed model is effective to detect actors with potential to efficiently spread a message, gaining influence from their position within the network. The analysis of social networks in general and the proposed method in particular are useful to detect subgroups of components of a social network with particular characteristics that are not evident from other types of analysis.
The review shows that the concept of CSIR is still in its infancy in the academic literature and that there is a lack of consensus on its definition. The paper provides a definition of the concept based on the main perspectives of those who have studied it, emphasizing the aspects that help us to define socially irresponsible behaviour and its relation to socially responsible behaviour.
New evidence is presented about the positive influence on entrepreneurial intention of university students of dimensions such as the university and sociocultural context of a region, considered peripheral from the point of view of innovation, according to the typology of Asheim et al. (2011).
The analysis shows that context variables, such as the technological environment and the competitiveness of the market, the type of funding, their innovation strategy, the level of relation with other agents of innovation and barriers found to transfer knowledge and technology to the SMEs, affect the efficiency of the RTOs, measured by their innovative performance. The proposed model, supported empirically, shows a contingent relation between technological environment, the innovation strategy and the organizational structure, in accordance with the proposals by Burns and Stalker, Gordon et al. (2000), Khandwalla (1972) and Terreberry (1968).
The results of the structural equation model indicate that design perception and eco-natural environment have a positive effect on the intention to visit. In addition, the eco- natural environment has a positive influence on the perception of the design of the shopping center. The results also indicate that the design perception has a direct effect on intention to Visit.
The results show that the distance variable has a significant impact on the commercial viability of a point of sale and a network of points of sale. The best location of each point (local optimum) is always the best location for the entire network (global optimum). In addition, the correlation between the optimum local and optimum overall locations in a commercial network is analysed.
The results show that the pre-visit image of a tourist destination has a positive influence on the affective image of the destination, while the post-visIT image has a negative influence. In addition, the positive effect of the image before the trip is stronger than that after the trip, and the negative effect is stronger for repeat visitors than for first-time visitors. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the image after the visit and the satisfaction of the tourist.
The results show that TR and IR are the most important determinants of firm performance. However, the capabilities play a significant role in explaining market performance. In addition, the results indicate that the capabilities have a stronger impact on market performance than TR. Moreover, the findings show that the relative effects of TR and capabilities on firm performance are significantly different among firms.
The evidence gathered shows that previous failure impacts on individuals strongly. Such an impact appears to be conditioned by the individuals' experience and age, and their perception of blame within the failure. However, for these particular individuals, it does not appear to be affected by the size of the project or the amount of financial loss. Moreover, certain antecedents, specifically, the involvement of institutions in the failure and the perception of the failure, appear to have no impact on the individual's future business success.
The results obtained showed that teleworkers with a higher level of responsibilities outside of the work environment have a higher FIW, contrary to findings by Shockley and Allen (2007). The results also showed that control of teleworkers by supervisors did not moderate the relation between telework and individual performance.
The results show that ostracism has a negative impact on employee performance and that the negative impact is mediated by the lack of access to empowerment structures (i.e. access to opportunity and access to power through information, resources and support) and relational links to individuals in others groups and/or in higher organizational levels.
The results show that a firm's knowledge identification capability mediates the relationship between structural social capital and external knowledge acquisition. In addition, the authors show that the development of "strong" links with agents in a network is an essential determinant of the firm's background which will enable it to identify new and valuable knowledge.
From the study, it can be said that "leverage," "age," "growth" and "board meetings" seem not to be statistically important and they do not influence the profitability of the manufacturing firms in India, whereas "board size, board independence, CEO duality and size of board" are important variables for determining manufacturing firms' performance (ROA, ROE and Tobins Q) in India.
This study provides evidence of five sub-dimensions of employee attributes that constitute a higher-level construct called intrapreneurial competencies. The first of these contains characteristics relating to the ability to ask questions about the organization's endeavors because doing so may be an input to detect opportunities that, coupled with the able to turn them into manageable initiatives, contribute to creating opportunities for the company. Attributes such as diligence are added to the above to take advantage of these opportunities and to promote enthusiasm in their execution.
The results show that there is a positive relationship between the number of boroughs and the level of resources allocated for public transport services and the size of the city. In addition, it is shown that the amount of public transport subsidies allocated to each borough increases in a greater proportion in comparison to the growth of the boroughs.
The results show that firms in the automotive industry are more likely to cooperate with external actors in the field of R&D when they are larger and when they collaborate with different types of partners at a time. The results also show that the size of the firm has a significant effect on the decision to cooperate not only with customers and suppliers but also with other types of cooperation partners.
An open narrative approach to data collection, in which control of research discussion content was intended to lie with participants rather than researcher, was complemented by a creative representation of aspects of the analysis through creation of play scripts, as outlined and illustrated below. The creative process deepened awareness and understanding of each participant's experience, and prompted consideration of the value of liminality to the workplace, when one seeks to challenge and re-imagine practice.
The findings indicate transformative learning is a possible outcome for students enabling flexible practice by crossing boundaries (Mezirow, 1991) and boundary-spanning between university studies and the work context. The framing of the artefact within the professional setting clearly created lasting impressions for the graduates.
The LSP awayday was found to have a positive impact on team cohesion, collaboration and psychological safety of the participants. It was also found that there was a significant increase in team cohesion and collaboration after participating in the awayday.
The results show that CoCreaCo (collaboration of creative professionals with companies) can be explained by six concepts of determinants, which are briefing, qualities of the creative professionals, organizational qualities, organizational factors, common ground, creative professionals' independence and their ability to capture observations and reflect on them and the organization's role by informing employees and organizing work.
The findings suggest that architectural design as a form of work-based learning has considerable potential as a focus of initial learning about creativity for those leading and managing in a different field of practice, provided that it is strongly linked to theory and practice in the workplace. Architectural design may show similar potential when combined with working knowledge and practice.
The authors found no other digital platform capable of offering an almost lifelike immersive environment/experience of working in the same space, sharing ideas while simultaneously making changes to a virtual 3D object. Co-creation within VR simulates an open space, which liberates one from the confinements of the two-dimensional digital screen, offering the freedom of space to express, explore and innovate. Traditional methods of concepting and validation have been time-consuming and costly, while immersive virtual environments offer users the opportunity of asynchronous contribution without the limitation of geographic location or technical expertise.
The findings of the study suggest that teachers and students perceive creativity as a constraint-process experience, and that there are barriers and difficulties that educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment.
The development of 3D printing performance always precedes changes in SC architecture. For this reason, the speed of the migration of the supply chain will significantly be linked to the sequence of technical developments in additive manufacturing. Hence, the development becomes an essential driver for the conversion and speed of supply chain transformations. Even if a single challenge turns out to be insurmountable, others will be solved. The result is a continuous reduction and streamlining of supply chains and the work-applied management.
The results indicate that the task-orientated nature of the middle leadership role has a significant impact on the ability of middle leaders to recognise emotions. This is compounded by the human brain's ability to switch on and off processing functions depending on the whether task- or relationship-orientation activities are being undertaken.
Two-thirds of e-interns (107) reported that they were supported by mentors who facilitated their professional development, growth and provided varying degrees of help. Furthermore, more than half of the interns - whether mentored or not - reported skills gains which were also noted as outcomes in traditional internships.
Transpersonal Leaders are leaders who are more self-aware, emotionally intelligent and who can use a variety of leadership styles for different situations. They need all these attributes to be able to build a performance-enhancing culture in their organisations. But in addition to that in order to create a culture that is also ethical, caring and sustainable, they need to bring their values to a higher level of consciousness. They must think radically, be authentic, lead beyond their ego and work for all the stakeholders of the organisation - and that includes the planet. We call them Transpersonal Leaders.
The authors argue that by researching and addressing WRPs, an organisation or a community can become more resilient as a result of evidence-based problem solving, which, in turn, will lead to a more sustainable future for the beneficiaries.
The findings reveal that institutions shape WLB policies, practices, and challenges for Nigerian female employees. The findings also reveal that WLB practices and challenges are influenced by institutional factors, such as gender, age, marital status, and work-family conflict.
The findings suggest that African HRM practices are characterised by a high degree of collectivism and a high level of particularism. This is due to the fact that African managers are exposed to global universalistic practices in their daily practice. However, there are attempts to counter particularistic practices deemed opposed to universalistic ones.
The results show that the proposed integrative approach can be used as a basis for a better understanding of the relationship between innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles, and thus, for the development of a more effective and sustainable innovation process.
Evidence-Based Policing (EBP) is an approach to policing that is underpinned by rigor, utilizing the "best evidence available" approach. It must be adopted as a philosophy rather than a tactic, as police are under pressure to deal with a large number of calls received, being able to adapt on a case by case basis. The adoption of EBP can strengthen police accountability to the public and those agencies charged with governance responsibility for the service, leading to greater transparency, legitimacy, and accountability in professional practice, ultimately strengthening police-public relationships and enhancing the democratic policing model.
Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship. Both the curriculum and Amazing People School resources provide these opportunities and nurture this positive attitudes to continuing development through the utilisation of personal strengths and characteristics to encourage confident, ethically informed future global citizens.
Work-related problems are messy, messy, co-produced and wicked. They are complex, ill-defined, difficult to describe and thus not easily rectified (the non-standard academic view of problem solving). They are of greater human concern than the standard academic view which considers them to be relatively unimportant to individuals or society however great their technical merit, and they defy technical solutions but are of more human concern.
The review of the literature with regard to BI implementation shows that in lots of cases, the factors of implementation put forward are based upon review of a limited case study example or literature already published. Previous research does not provide clear guidance in relation to which factors of adoption ought to be adopted however, because of inconsistencies and the nature of relationships for BI success dimensions.
The findings highlight the limitations of language policies as a prescriptive method to standardise language to a specific criteria and the limitations it places upon professionals learning at work. It is argued that the approach taken to supporting and developing standards of written communication within the workplace needs to be considered from a transactional perspective.
The review results confirmed that the frameworks of psychotherapy (e.g. cognitive behavioural approach and therapeutic working alliance) play a key role in the effectiveness of executive coaching, including the coaching relationship and coachees' self-efficacy, affective organisational commitment, workplace well-being and leadership behaviours. Furthermore, several essential interpersonal coaching skills which require fundamental understanding of psychological theories were distinguished in this review. However, the review results indicated some gaps in the current coaching literature. First, more substantial evidence is required in other executive coaching disciplines, such as a statistical investigation on psychological coaching approaches or a more process-based investigation to study "how" or "why" certain mechanisms facilitate better desired outcomes. Second, a need for the further development of coaching outcome evaluations emerges, as evaluation methods currently used were varied and drawn from other similar disciplines.
The findings indicate that the manager as coach characteristics for dealing with team challenge are consistent across the managers interviewed. The findings suggest that the characteristics of the manager have a significant impact upon the way in which the manager approaches team challenge. The managers interviewed reported that the main challenges confronting their teams are conflict, motivational challenge and positive challenge.
The findings suggest that co-working spaces can provide a sense of inclusion for mobile workers by providing opportunities for social support and networking, as well as socialisation in new work locations which are not part of the employers' own company sites. The use of such spaces by mobile workers with support from employers may foster a community for their workers, setting the stage for their inclusion.
The findings of the study indicate that there is a lack of research in the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining sector in the UK. The authors found that there are a number of research gaps that need to be addressed in the area of FinTech education and Retraining. The findings also suggest that the sector needs to focus more on the training and development of the existing and potential participants.
The CBI (2018) report highlights the need for educators to re-think delivery models in partnership with employers to create future-proofed, innovative curricula, with delivery models that meet learner and business needs. Future proofing the higher education and skills system requires educators and employers to adapt quickly enough to an increasingly uncertain and volatile market.
Three broad managerial learning challenges emerge from the complexity that managers face: first, to cope with such complexity managers develop schemas that simplify their environments and provide some guidance on how to act in them. Second, as managers try to make sense of their complex environments, they look for information that could aid them. However, managers tend to be bombarded by sometimes bogus ideas and theories. Finally, even when relying on management research, managers face a problem given some of management research limitations, such as how fragmented the field is in terms of paradigms, the excessive focus of management academics on theory building and their comparative neglect of practical implications.
Compared to those participants who only participated in the EL training, 57 per cent of SL learners were able to retain the knowledge level they achieved on completion of the work-based EL training. Yet, only 29 per cent SL participants were even able to gain further knowledge. Moreover, it could be shown that when participants participated in an SL session five weeks after the ELtraining and taking part in a knowledge test four weeks later, no loss in knowledge occurred. Whereas the participants that only participated on the nine-week test-delay period experienced an average loss of 11.42 per cent in knowledge compared to what they knew after the training.
The researcher observed an increase of psychological and intellectual capital among the group leaders due to the intentional leadership intervention to facilitate the application of leadership theory upon practice and instil confidence in the implementation of these actions. It appears, at least in the researcher's case, that too many assumptions are made about students applying appropriate theory in practice in WBL contexts.
The results showed that the majority of the respondents felt that the workplace was incompatible with overt displays of spirituality or religion. There was also a general consensus across a wide range of responses that the work environment was not compatible with the spiritual needs of the employee. What little differences in response were found were across a range of scale items related to age rather than religion, which is somewhat surprising.
Insights for those wishing to conduct longitudinal interpretive case research in the public healthcare setting are provided. The opportunities and challenges of accessing research participants in this setting are explored and insider researcher considerations and their implications for the study are also explored.
According to the mini-test results, users preferred to choose an item with financial data presented in comparatively cool colour and the results of the pattern are consistent across the three questions.
The findings show that through engagement with reflection and critical self-analysis, the author increased his motivation and efficiency for self-directed learning. Furthermore, the reflections ensured that the learning was being undertaken for the skill and knowledge requirements emerging in the new working environment, allowing for the redirection of focus of learning.
A range of system design processes have been showcased in this paper to provide readers with some ideas about the use of the models illustrated here for change management practice, particularly in using an action research methodology where participation is critical.
The findings suggest that an action-based model of knowledge transfer and development offers significant learning benefits to those partaking in an executive development program, resulting in the following insights: executive needs are better served using a learner-centric approach; problem-oriented work-based assessment affords theory-practice balance; there is evidence of action-reflection "contagion" among all contributors; and the presented AL cycle has potential value in the conceptualization of reflective action.
The paper argues that the development of critical reflection has emerged as a valued business benefit that, it is argued, has the potential for significant cultural change within the organisation and perhaps more broadly. It is through a focus on reflection, the authors suggest, that the needs of production can be reconciled with the needs for employees to have satisfying engagement with their work.
The findings show that PR can be an effective way to improve the quality of project work. The authors found that participants perceive a benefit in the collaboration and the results, and they are willing to share in the process and to deal with new concepts and techniques from action research methodology.
The authors identify the following key influences that define the current HRM field: rate of internet adoption can transform HRM practice; a relativist HRM approach exists out there in the world; no two organisations are the same in terms of how they operate; students need to experience diverse HRM situation before graduating; most organisations today prefer a "ready-made" graduate; the HRM role is ever expanding and is based on the context; more industry-university partnership better prepares graduates; and professional bodies are integral part of graduate development programmes. These factors are not exhaustive but in the authors' view, they are key to making HRM curricula more relevant to industry.
The paper provides new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies. The three dimensions that constitute the focus of this paper are: the discursive elements of research as pathways to impact, the role of the presence and presence of non-action as pathways, and the roles of time in making sense of impact. The paper also identifies a number of implications in relation to understanding impact in this context.
Ranciere's ideas are relevant to work applied management, for instigating organisational as well as personal and professional impact. The implications for the workplace lead to evaluation of the use and relevance of Rancieri's ideas to instigate organisational and personal impact. In a work-based learning programme founded on negotiated learning, centred on each learner's work context, where critical reflection plays a significant part, it is possible for a tutor's stance to accord with RANCiere's.
This paper shares a viewpoint that qualified coaches, experienced and inexperienced, use coaching models differently. The viewpoint is based on lived experiences, practice wisdom and research evidence. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important and legitimate to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall.
The paper found that the utilisation of work-based project involving appreciative inquiry in the context of difficult organisational change did generate positive emotions and action, in line with contemporary evidence of the relationship between positive emotion and impact generally, and appreciative Inquiry more specifically. This paper therefore contributes new evidence into how appreciative enquiry processes can be adapted to the specific circumstances of a work- based learning project.
"Impact" is often defined as a marked effect or influence upon a process, situation or person and sometimes held to have negative connotations too. But it is nonetheless a word that has come to be used in multiple contemporary environments and spheres of work; in higher education institutions, schools, and health care organisations for example, it is a term used in the compilation of organisational rankings. On a more individual level it is used in a similar way to measure the performance of researchers, teachers, other professionals, and business people. It is not the intention of this paper to interrogate these discourses or their mechanisms but instead to offer a reformulated view of impact, with them as a background, and in the context of reflective practice (praxis).
This study suggests that DC and iStory are useful and practical learning facilitation processes and platforms that can be adopted for use in organisations for promoting reflexivity. It is suggested that when looking for new ways of measuring impact in the midst of uncertainty, we can turn to Beyond Text methods. These can be utilised as dialogical evaluation methods if traditional evaluation strategies and pre-determined indicators are unusable.
The paper concludes that narrative or story-based work is efficacious and credible in generating workplace impacts, especially in the context of service transformation and improvement, and that practitioners can examine such dimensions in participatory ways. The willingness of staff to be involved in the project that this paper has examined further demonstrated that evaluation is regarded as valuable and a way, in itself, of engaging staff. Significantly, the involvement of service users in the evaluation was also said to have "recovery potential", which further emphasises the suitability of participatory methods of project design and evaluation as well as research more broadly.
The findings suggest that employers face a number of challenges in managing degree apprentices in the workplace. These include the need to recruit appropriate candidates, develop and adopt effective recruitment strategies, manage the transition from degree to degree, manage apprentices' professional development and manage the impact of the degree on the organisation.
The results of this study indicated that all three groups of stakeholders were able to learn, adapt, participate, and make positive change as a result of this collaborative action research study. Each of the following areas experienced change: the athletic department's marketing efforts and game day operations, opportunities for sport management students to participate and learn, and development of relationships between two departments. One of the most important findings from this collaborative study was the increased student involvement and opportunities presented which allowed for deeper learning of sport marketing content.
The results of the study revealed that affective commitment (AC) and continuance commitment were found to be significantly and positively related to the Big Five personality traits. On the other hand, the results showed that conscientiousness and neuroticism were not significant predictors of organizational commitment, whereas conscientiousness was found to have a significant and positive relationship with organizational commitment. In addition, it was also found that the relationship among the personality traits and organizational commitment was not significant.
The most significant conclusion is that it is "soft" behaviours, rather than "hard" (teachable) skills that are most desired by employers. This has implications for both pedagogy and strategy, for instance in mock employer presentations, the emphasis should be more on the peripheral time keeping and predominantly, the communication rather than the presentation (academic) content. Teaching should also be more oriented to developing greater student autonomy. The demand from employers is for old fashioned "life skills" and personal conduct. Common sense is seldom common, but needs to be instilled somehow, and it is here where the influence of the tutor is greatest.
The results show that the PGP-DM program has had a positive impact on the development of individual CSR-related competencies among CSR professionals, and that these competencies have a long-term impact on effective CSR implementation.
The findings suggest that work-based learning can be used as a means of building capacity into the education and training system to respond to the labour market's need for not only higher levels of skills but also different skills. The findings also suggest that the AQF is a good starting point for the development of a learning strategy in support of work- based learning.
Zizekian ideas are utilised in three case studies to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice to generate new insights and therefore decide next steps. The key ideas are that managers need to be aware of the traps they may fall into in order to mobilise radical management insight, and that they need to recognise the tricks and traps they can fall into when mobilising ideas.
The University of Chester has tried to take the idea of "demand led" provision seriously, working with employers to deliver models of WBL that best suit the needs of the employer partner. While using the generic term, WBL, it does not necessarily envisage just one method for approaching learning in the workplace. It is equally comfortable with the term Work Applied Learning and/or Work-Based Action Learning which may foreground Action Research as a principal approach to learning and problem solving and bringing about change.
The study found that the telemonitoring programme had a positive impact on the quality of care provided to patients with diabetes. The study also found that there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of the level of satisfaction with the use of the programme. In addition, there were significant differences in the quality and quality of the care that was provided to both groups of patients.
The findings suggest that to achieve major strategic change in organisations working at senior strategic level within the organisation it is necessary to develop the capability of the organisation to learn and apply strategically learning that strategically embeds learning. This requires the development of a cadre of senior leadership cadre in action learning, action research and action research teams. This knowledge base is applied to the organisational strategic planning process and embedded in the organisation using interlocking research projects carried out by real life work teams.
The paper argues that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen. In order to do this we are bringing together two frameworks informed by complexity theory, which I believe can help us step outside traditional comfort zones.
The findings of the study revealed that the majority of the respondents were motivated by the desire to work in the tourism industry and the need to make a contribution to the country's economy. However, they were also concerned about the lack of opportunities in the sector. They also felt that there was a lack of support from the government and the industry in terms of training and education. The study also found that there is a need for the government to provide more training opportunities for Omani nationals in order to encourage them to take up tourism entrepreneurship.
The findings suggest that the ubuntu spirit is present in landscapes of practice, and that this spirit can be experienced and experienced in a variety of ways. It is found to be present in a number of different ways, and can be found in a wide range of contexts, including the natural world, the natural environment, and the human world.
Employers and employees find that the academic knowledge applied to work-based projects when built upon the employees' existing work is able to bring about significant change and/or enhancement to work practices. Cohort-based learners have the added advantage of a close group of other learners: peer support, more support from employers and clear and common goals. Those on individually negotiated programmes tend to find these advantages by engaging in their own networks of support and relying on themselves as autonomous learners.
Findings from the research illustrate that reflection is a critical component of WBL. It is shown how reflection enables practitioners to change in action, in the present moment, fully utilising observations, articulations and theorisation to strategically transform and re-conceptualize practice. The findings also illustrate how reflection can be used as a learning tool to develop multi-faceted skills including creativity, imagination and entrepreneurship.
- The use of RPL within negotiated work-based programmes highlights the potential of reflective practice to act as a tool to achieve organisational development as well as individual recognition. The linkage between individual learning achievement and organisational change opens up a range of opportunities for higher education institutions offering applied business and management education.
- This project developed a shared vision for a more strategic response to violence and abuse, not only of older people but of all patients of Monash Health. This outcome and the learnings would not have occurred if an action research methodology had not been applied in this project.
- There are more benefits than there are limitations to having doctors in health management roles. There is a need for more management training for doctors so that they can be competent health managers. Doctors are an essential component of the clinical care team and have higher influence and power compared to other staff members.
The findings of this research include the first evidence-based findings about what influences the success and failure of high-rise luxury condominium developments in a country like Sri Lanka. In addition, a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process is developed for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rises condominiums projects in the future.
The paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. This framework proposes that students need to be fully engaged with the course curriculum content, with their peers, and with their instructor (Moore, 1989). The course has three units on engaging students with content, engagement students with students, and engaging student-to-student engagement.
- The findings suggest that KM practices in the HEIs need to be effective as society moves from the industrial to the knowledge age to improve teaching and learning, and as well to provide a strong knowledge base for research practices and strategies. However, a knowledge gap exists in relation to aspiring KM practices: lack of understanding between information and knowledge, KM storage location, KM challenges experienced, and knowledge sharing acquiring experiences.
The results indicate that the majority of the students in the sample are using their mobile phones for communication and social interaction. The majority of students reported that their mobile phone use is for information and communication purposes rather than for teaching and learning purposes. The findings also indicate that there is a significant difference in the use of mobile phones by students in both developed and developing countries. However, the findings indicate that students in developing countries are more likely to use their mobile devices for social and communication activities than those in developed countries.
Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences.
The results of the study indicate that the blended learning approach can be used to improve the quality of teaching and learning in the HEIs in Bangladesh. The results of this study show that blended learning can be successfully implemented in the higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh with the help of blended learning.
The authors identified three key aspects for PTD which focus on technology-enhanced, student-led and constructivist approaches in mathematics education. These approaches do not apply to FCA exclusively but could be important when developing and implementing PTD for FCA. The authors also identified the most promising activities in PTD as the activities that could have positive effects on school education.
The results of this study indicated that providing an opportunity to engage preservice teachers in a fun and meaningful learning of STEAM integration, their disposition will be changed. Interestingly, prior to the integration, there was only a positive correlation between attitude and confidence and belief in learning STEAM tasks. After their learning, the more surprising finding was the more positive correlation with the attitude and knowledge of STEam integration, and with confidence and knowledge.
The findings show that STEAM programs in this study focus on the process and the character-building skills that students develop. The findings are in line with Kolb and Kolb's (2005) guiding principle of the experiential learning theory which states that learning is best conceived as a process. For example, students were given the opportunity to document the making process to develop a deeper understanding. All of the lessons and units studied by the researchers appeared to be student-centered and to incorporate student interests.
Findings from this two-year study indicate that the STEM challenge positively impacted middle school-aged students' perceptions of STEM, attitudes towards STEM and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM Challenge.
Both faculty support and student-faculty interactions were significantly associated with both behavioral and emotional measures of student engagement. The nature of these associations varies with the type of engagement as well as the type-of student. Students who are underrepresented by race/ethnicity or gender or who are in a minority by virtue of being a transfer or international student often appear to be more responsive to faculty support than the majority students.
The results indicated that students' perceptions of STEM fields and STEM careers improved after participating in an informal STEM camp. Specifically, students who participated in the STEM camp were more likely to report that they were interested in pursuing STEM careers and that they believed they fit the criteria for becoming a member of the STEM community. In addition, students reported that the informal learning environment improved their perceptions of the benefits of STEM careers. Additionally, students' attitudes toward STEM careers were also improved.
Based on the systematic literature review of the international comparison of K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore, a homogeneous international set of comprehensive STEM standards did not exist. The current international state of STEM is difficult to discuss due to the lack of uniform definition, standards and standards.
The paper finds that STEM in the context of teacher education needs to be treated as a holistic whole rather than as separate, isolated subjects, and that it needs to transcend disciplinary boundaries in order to develop students' 21st-century skills and address STEM-related global issues.
The findings show that early childhood STEM identity development is a social process negotiated in early childhood classrooms during deliberate exploration of STEM, with evaluative and motivational consequences to current and future sense of belonging and interest in STEM. The findings also show that STEM education is not well-suited to all children, particularly those from low socio-economic status backgrounds.
The Omni Nano model provides access to a complete and current nanotechnology curriculum that has expert content to support teachers and students. Through open-source content partnerships and collaboration with schools, business and community, students gain access to equipment, experts, and other resources that assist in developing and delivering high-quality instruction and curriculum.
The results of the study revealed that UR, EE and RMs have a positive impact on disabled students' EI. However, the moderating effect of RMs on the relationship between UR and EI was found to be insignificant. The results also revealed that RMs were found to have a negative moderating role in the relationship of UR and EE with students with disabilities' entrepreneurial inclination.
The findings of this study revealed that online adjunct higher education faculty members' reflections on using social media sites as instructional approaches tend to be recorded from a personal rather than a professional point of view. The participants' perceptions of the use of social media as an instructional approach in online higher education classrooms were based on their personal experiences. The findings of the study indicated that social media use in the online classroom is not a common practice among online adjunct faculty members.
The findings indicate that the educators' values, beliefs, confidence and level of preparedness for the change from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology were high. The findings indicate the educators were confident in their ability to successfully integrate technology into the learning environment. However, they had limited knowledge, skills and confidence to effectively or efficiently use the available technologies to support the integration of technology into their classrooms. Educators were also concerned about the impact of technology on the students' learning.
The findings showed that short-term international courses had multifaceted impacts on participants' development. The participants generally recognised many positive impacts that the courses had on their development. In particular, all the informants commented on the experiences of personal development and global perspective.
The results of this study show that the most important CSF for TEL approaches are: technology support, technology support for learning, technology for learning and technology for collaboration. The most important factors that are not considered by professionals when implementing TEL are: technical support, technical support for technology, technology to help in learning processes and technology to make learning more efficient, effective and appealing.
From the analysis of this experiment comparing the learning benefits of traditional lectures vs applied learning using role playing, it was first verified that there was a gain in immediate knowledge in both the modes of learning, confirming H2(a/b). The goals of this study were met as the analysis showed significantly greater knowledge gain in knowledge (post-test) for each student for the role playing groups (1,463 average gain in score) as compared to those exposed to only the traditional lecture. This represents a valuable 45 percent improvement in learning scores. Therefore, it is determined that the investment in preparing and executing the role-playing activity resulted in a significant increase in knowledge gain.
The study revealed a decided difference in classroom performance and some differences in performance on standardized instruments that relies on criteria established by norming. Standardized tests, those with more objective criteria than GPAs, showed no significant differences among the middle school students involved in the study. However, high school students continued to show significant differences, similar to disparity in their GPAs. This echoed the need for teachers to improve relationships with high school student, especially those with different communication and learning preferences.
Children can develop empathy, as an essential socio-emotional skill through virtual play and various uses of technology, only if a human (teacher, parent, peer, etc.) mediates the understanding and applicability of the game process and game results. It is only through human interaction that the child learns to use speech or language (augmentative communication can play an important role here for nonverbal or verbal-limited children) as a tool to develop its other psychological processes, including abstract thinking skills, emotional regulation and prosocial behaviors. Therefore, the interaction (human-to-human, human- to-avatar, avatar-to)-avatar in the virtual world is most important, not the participation in a virtual realm itself.
Findings indicated that teachers' socialization of children's emotional competence was positively related to children's social-emotional competence. Specifically, teachers' emotional competence socialization behaviors were positively associated with the emotional competence of children in the pre-school classroom and with children's self-reported emotional competence.
The findings of the pilot study revealed that children's ideas about picture book characters' social-emotional skills are mainly based on their own personal experiences. They are willing to offer explanations based on verbal and visual elements but they also rely on personal experience. Thus, a systematic content analysis of the picture books texts in combination with interpretative phenomenological analysis (Smith et al., 2009) of the words used by children would provide a deeper understanding of how preschoolers perceive and interpret social-EMotional skills.
The study found that participants with mental health issues were significantly more likely to engage in social and emotional learning in the college program than those without mental health problems. The social learning strategies included in the intervention were effective in cultivating social-emotional skills, which, in turn, led to a significant increase in self-efficacy, self-esteem and self-confidence. The study also found that the intervention was effective in facilitating the development of social skills and increased self-awareness.
The findings of the case study demonstrate how study abroad experiences further nurture SEL skills - like empathy - and to develop global competencies through authentic learning opportunities in a context different than the USA. The study fills a gap in the literature regarding the development of SEL among elementary education teacher candidates.
Findings indicated expected variation in implementation across schools, although all participants reacted favorably to the program and, importantly, would recommend the program to others. Administrators, teachers and students all saw the value of the program, particularly in terms of student relationship building and improved school climate. Common practices and challenges supported recommendations for strengthening support for schools wanting to sustain the program over time and maximally derive its potential benefits.
The authors found six overall categories of SEL practices and noted that outlier schools shared the common themes of tailoring SEL approaches to their site, with intentionality and advancing student leadership. The authors also identified two challenges to this work: a lack of consensus around the definition of Sel and limited alignment of practices.
The CRPBIS model was found to be compatible with SEL, CRP and PBIS in many ways. However, there were areas of divergence, such as the use of universal screening tools and targeted interventions, and the need to consider the needs of students within the school community.
The findings show that teachers understand SEL well, with the majority of teachers using the CASEL framework to guide their teaching and learning. However, there is still a lack of understanding of how SEL is actually implemented in schools and how it manifests itself within school curricula. Teachers' perceptions of SEL in Aotearoa New Zealand primary schools are generally positive, with a strong emphasis on the importance of social-emotional competencies in students' learning.
Parents who attended CD PEC sessions reported increased understanding of the CD skills and strategies, as well as numerous examples of how they were actively practicing new ways of interacting with and supporting their children. Parents reported feeling better prepared to effectively help their children cope with their emotions, including using more positive practices while avoiding punitive actions. Parents and program staff also observed reduced behavior problems and increased emotional competencies among children whose parents took the classes. Overall, parents were receptive to information that helped them better understand normal child development and behavior.
The findings of this qualitative content analysis revealed three themes and patterns related to the perceptions of robotics program developers who shared online findings or implications on the role of emulating human ethics in robots for use in educational settings. The themes were: robotics emulation of human ethics is not a new phenomenon; robotics emulation is a new concept; and robotics is not the same as human.
The paper develops a data competency maturity maturity model to lay out a theoretical and practical path to leverage data in secondary education. The model provides educators with a framework for developing data-driven decision-making capabilities and a set of tools and techniques to use the data.
The results from this study demonstrate how the six adult learners' levels of autonomy were strongly influenced by their teachers' practices inside the classroom as well as their own practice outside the English classes. Although some students are naturally autonomous in their social life activity, the study shows that students' autonomy in vocabulary learning might be reinforced with the teacher's support of learner autonomy and implementation of such learning strategies.
The results showed that perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness of m-learning technology were found to be significant predictors of students' intention to use m- learning technology. In addition, perceived usefulness was found to have a significant effect on students' intentions to use mobile learning. The results also showed that the relationship between perceived usefulness and intention to adopt mobile learning technology was mediated by students' attitudes.
The TLA, with its streamlined design and limited resources, did increase teachers' participation in teacher leadership activities. Further, the qualitative data yielded many insights into the value of this program for teacher leaders. First, the design of the program is worth replicating. Consistent with Sinha and Hanuscin (2017), the movement from didactic learning about teacher leadership to the design and implementation of projects of personal value resulted in empowerment for teachers. They reported learning much from the program and being empowered that they could enact change and lead their colleagues.
The results of the action-based research show that the courses were able to provide in-depth skills in the field of programming to refugees, and to put them into the position of being able to further these skills autonomously. It was also found that having a pedagogically trained staff with sufficient knowledge of the English language is necessary to cater to a heterogeneous group, varying teaching strategies according to the needs and skills of the learner.
The authors propose that the cognitive competencies of cognitive flexibility, working memory and impulse inhibitory control can all be developed by CfP. The authors then consider the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of both psychologies of compassion - to notice distress or disadvantaging of the self and/or others and to act to reduce it. The allocation of degree credit for filmed (demonstrable/observable) compassion, on the hoof, is one motivation for students to participate.
The seeds of compassion are already present within students. Teachers at various stages of a student's education trajectory have an opportunity to contribute to the growth of compassion within each student. Clearly more empirical work is needed to examine the feasibility of bringing compassion into the classroom at different stages of education.
Students who participated in INIQ reported significantly higher levels of mindfulness than those who did not participate in the INIQ training. In addition, INIQ participants were more likely to be aware of their feelings and thoughts of experiences that have influenced their commitment (or lack thereof) and sense of belonging in their ethnic group, as measured by the multigroup ethnic identity measure (MEIM). The findings from this study also suggest that INIQ may increase students' ethnic learning exploration, an important process in ethnic identity development.
The findings from this study suggest that both spirituality and leadership require levels of self-awareness and a connection to a greater purpose. This study illustrates the capacity for leadership development programs to cultivate students' spirituality as well as the potential for educators to be more intentional and deliberate in fostering opportunities for students to delve into their spirituality regardless of if they identify as spiritual or exhibit spiritual behaviors.
Based on the analysis of current research, the authors explain that when RP are integrated with SEL programming, it is an opportunity for educational practitioners to address issues around race, gender, disability, and other aspects of diversity. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP.
The authors demonstrate that small data can be used as a conversation starter for learning analytics in higher education. The authors demonstrate this approach by presenting an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results.
The usability of the visualizations was evaluated by the students in terms of their perceived usefulness and insight. The visualizations were found to be usable in the pilot study with a group of students with a background in visualization techniques, whereas the usability was evaluated in the second user study with students with little knowledge of visualization techniques. The findings from the first user study (n=10) were used to create additional visualizations. In the second study, the authors used suggestions of these students to create new visualizations for the enhanced environment.
The findings of the study revealed that the students were able to identify the emerging themes on entrepreneurship from the reflective learning log. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference between the students who are able to achieve Levels 2, 3 and 4 of Hatton and Smith's (1995) framework of critical reflection.
IDeRBlog offers students a unique blending of blogging and various opportunities to improve their orthographic skills. While the writing and working with the "intelligent dictionary" can be considered as the core function of the website it is enriched by a vast amount of print and online exercises as well as courses on various orthographic phenomena. From the perspective of LA IDeR blog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthography skills, the holistic approach and the integration of LA in the whole process.
The results show that the proposed EDM techniques are effective in predicting students' academic performance on the MOOCs data set. However, the integration of process mining features is able to increase the effectiveness of the machine learning algorithms in predicting academic performance. The results also show that process conformance testing can be used to extend the features.
The authors discuss the current status of innovations in US education, what educational innovation is, how innovations are being integrated in schools and colleges, why innovations do not always produce the desired effect, and what should be done to increase the scale and rate of innovation-based transformations in our education system. The authors offer recommendations for the growth of educational innovations.
The prototype program described in this paper points to a number of implications for the future of higher education services in regional development: the university can play the role of the ecosystem integrator. As with the pilot program, participants can develop new capabilities aimed toward co-creating unique solutions to pressing local and regional challenges. In turn, the regional development program can now spawn new platforms to address regional and global imperatives. This illustrates the power of strong platforms as they become "autocatalytic", or self-accelerating, with an effective platform allowing more rapid development of the next iteration.
The results do not provide any support for the effectiveness of the design patterns in questions, but there is no clear indication that they do not work. The attendance numbers fell short of expectations, so further research with larger sample sizes is needed to produce more data on the subject.
The paper finds that there are a number of important issues that need to be taken into account when designing and implementing e-Learning systems. These include the following issues: student feedback is essential to make it possible to modify material for individuals or groups of individuals and that continuing testing of the level of understanding is important to provide alternatives and to provide encouraging feedback.
A major concern stemming from the case study data were a lack of integration into the small communities due to lack of opportunities, mirroring the literature. Two possible solutions offered were to increase opportunities for interaction between native and refugee populations (relational closeness); and bolster funding for the education of refugee school-age children and adolescents, and adults so that effective strategies and environment described in the literature can be put into place by effectively trained educators. These solutions could improve the cultural competence among all peoples in both nations, better enabling the two countries to provide economically and socially sustainable environments for all of their inhabitants.
The authors emphasize the need to check regularity of proposed models before proceeding to statistical analysis. They call researchers to pay attention to a not very well known nonparametric estimation method (MLE based) which should be used in SFM to render SFA more credible. They illustrate Grenander's method of sieves with an example of identification and estimation of an infinitely dimensional parameter in a diffusion model. Finally, they touch upon causal inference in SFA with emphasis on using regression discontinuity designs.
The authors have shown that if we control the epidemic based only on the current number of sick people - which reflects the number of infected people two weeks ago - we are bound to have oscillations instead of the desired end to the epidemic: at first, we cut down on the numbers of new cases; then we ease the restrictions and the number-of-infected people starts to rise again. Once we have reached the long period of low number of newly sick folks, if we completely eliminate the restrictions, we may have a new outburst - that we will not notice for two weeks, during which time, it may again become catastrophic. So, to avoid the new outburst, we need to keep some restrictions, even when the number is very low.
The authors present general classes of similarity measures that satisfy several axioms that are pointed out by Tversky (1977). The authors highlight the importance of the independence axiomatic that are used to define necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a particular class of fuzzy similarity measures, which are expressed in an intuitive formulation.
Quantum-like modelling in game theory can be a useful alternative in understanding real agent's behaviour. However, the authors always remind readers that there is no real quantum physical process being claimed as underlying the human behaviour, or market behaviours. The authors focus on the novel mathematical and logical concepts, tools or frameworks widely used in quantum mechanics, or quantum field theory, or even in classical optics (Haven and Khrennikova, 2018).
The proposed algorithms allow user to extract interpretable rules for prediction and at the same time they outperform wide-spread methods in banking (e.g. scorecards, decision trees), however, black box models may have superior accuracy at the cost of interpretability.
The empirical results show that the impact of foreign capital inflows on asset prices and economic activities is not uniform across the regimes of capital flows. In addition, the results also show that foreign capital shifts are more likely to be associated with short-term investments and credit expansion than long-term investment flows.
The results show that the intended use of credit cards is affected by perceived risk, followed by perceived usefulness, social influence, perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness. All these factors encourage consumer to use credit cards, except perceived risk. Moreover, perceived risk and social influence are antecedents of perceived usefulness on credit cards.
In this paper, the authors are successful in establishing the Holder calmness of solution maps to equilibrium problems where both objective functions and constraints are perturbed.
The authors find that leaders who practice androgynous leadership have seen a significant decrease in new COVID-19 cases and deaths, according to European center for disease prevention and control statistics. However, the two leaders who have limited themselves to masculine behaviors have continued to see new cases of the pandemic grow.
The paper argues that the gendering of Covid-19 in Italy is deeply embedded in the social and cultural practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery.
The author argues that the pandemic is one huge "teachable moment" that cannot be wasted, and that the classroom is the most fundamental space for social change.
This article offers numerous recommendations for a post-pandemic research agenda, including future research on essential workers, virtual workers, workers with enhanced family demands, single employed parents, social supports, and issues of gender associated with these topics.
Four potential ways in which the pandemic may impact the gender gap in employment and advancement are reviewed. First, gender segregation in occupations can affect the rate at which women and men lose their jobs. Second, if female-dominated occupations are more likely to be characterized as "essential," women's work may expose them to a greater risk of infection and work-related stress. Third, women have traditionally borne greater responsibility for childcare and other domestic duties than men and these responsibilities may be exacerbated by the pandeline, particularly with school closures and reduced availability of social services, such as daycare and eldercare. Fourth, rather than merely a temporary solution to the pand epidemic, the increase in telecommuting may lead to long-term changes in job flexibility and fathers' contribution to childcare, or it may place an even greater burden on women who have more domestic responsibilities than men.
The authors argue that the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an unprecedented shift towards full-time homebased work across all socio-economic groups. It is inevitable that such radical changes to the organisation of work will impact the future relationship between the labour process and the domestic sphere. This has very immediate impacts on the lives of those currently operating from their kitchens, living rooms and spare bedrooms. The authors conclude by suggesting the importance of engaging critically and comprehensively with the realities of homebased working.
The authors conclude the (in)visibility of women entrepreneurs as deeply embedded and that there is a continued need to advocate for a gender and diversity lens, to ensure inclusive recovery that benefits women and diverse entrepreneurs.
This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures and suggestions for future research are offered.
The authors show that contamination is rooted in structural disadvantage, reproducing classed, gendered and racial difference in terms of how it is encountered and experienced. The authors highlight key inequities in the physical exposure to and transmission of the disease; how the effects of social distancing and social isolation are shaped by gender and class; as well as how, set against the "moral purity" of personal sacrifice, elite practices of non-compliance and attitudes of entitlement can be seen as a form of defilement and moral taint.
The paper argues that the pandemic reveals and accentuates existing social and health inequalities related to food access and food production and creates new food-related vulnerabilities and moralities now and in the future. It introduces the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the COVID-19 pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities.
The results of the study revealed that WLB was found to be positively related to emotional exhaustion experienced by employees working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and the relationship between WLB and emotional exhaustion differed between male and female employees. The study also found that perceived participative leadership was positively associated with work interference with personal life, and work interference was negatively associated with emotional exhaustion. Gender differences in emotional exhaustion were also found.
The authors found a gender gap in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home during the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. The authors also found that the gender gap was more pronounced among women than among men, and that women were more likely than men to experience burnout.
The authors' personal reflections of their gendered experiences during COVID-19 have surfaced responsibility, ambiguity, resilience, emotion work, vulnerability, abjection, anxiety, guilt, precarity and have provoked reflexivity. The authors conclude by providing direct lines of enquiry for future research.
The proposed strategic lens enhances the effectiveness of the feasibility analysis by aligning it with strategic management theory. This strategic lens offers a longer-term focused perspective/analysis, an important focus along with the immediate and urgent concerns or needs of the typical new venture as examined in the traditional four-part feasibility analysis.
The authors found that students reported significant improvements in 9 of 13 entrepreneurial competencies. The authors replicated the results of the original study using a convenience sample of students engaged in an intensive six-week international consulting project with disadvantaged entrepreneurs in South Africa.
The results of the study provide confirmation that the proposed model is multi-group invariant and appropriate for analysing the SEI of male and female students. They also show that the university's ESS helps predict SEI indirectly through the mediation of the more proximal antecedents. Furthermore, the study was able to show that students' perceptions of venture feasibility and desirability play a mediating role in the relationship between ESI and SEI. The study also extended the ESS as an additional additional construct, which together with ESI affect SEI by influencing the proximal factors of ETO, SER, PSE and PCS.
Three formal propositions are developed and discussed. First, overconfidence is a common psychological attribute of entrepreneurs that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that will result in firm failure. Second, entrepreneurs with high levels of overconfidence are more likely to fail than entrepreneurs with low levels. Third, entrepreneurs who are more confident in their abilities to assess market opportunities are less likely to make bad bets, which leads to firm failures.
The results show that FNVs outperform MNVs in terms of new venture performance. However, the difference in performance is due to differences in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs. Specifically, FNVs are found to be more likely to be profitable than MNVs, while MNVs are less likely to achieve profitability.
The case study explains the role of a leader in starting or initiating BMI in an entrepreneurial firm and the leader's very high involvement in execution and continuation of developing BMI. It was observed that the leader not only influenced the triggering of BMI through the creation of a creative organization but also influenced the process of BMI by motivating his team and employees, thereby making a tangible contribution in the work being done by evaluating the creative ideas of people.
The review provides a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovation by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature. The findings of the review provide a clear answer as to how firms change their business models by including terms that reflect business model innovations, namely, value proposition, value creation and value capture. In addition, the review uncovers areas where alternative business models can be explored.
The results show that social dominance orientation (SDO) has a significant impact on female entrepreneurial intention. Social dominance orientation has a positive impact on the intention to start social entrepreneurship, whereas it has a negative impact on conventional entrepreneurship. The authors also found that the effect of SDO on entrepreneurial intention is moderated by gender.
The results show that founders' HC has a positive effect on NVG. However, the moderating role of founding assets at founding is not significant in the relationship between founders'HC and NVG, suggesting that founding assets do not moderate this relationship.
The authors find that most of the existing research focuses on the concepts of innovation, venturing (international or domestic) and strategic renewal separately rather than holistically. From this standpoint, the research is not lacking when it comes to, for example, the antecedents of innovation in emerging markets, international and/or domestic venturing by emerging country firms, and the strategic renewal carried out by firms in emerging economies. These concepts have been researched separately, independently of one another, in the context of emerging markets. Moreover, existing research on CE suggests that the characteristics of corporate governance characteristics of a company is very important in driving CE activities within the firm. However, research on emerging markets is generally imperfect and incomplete, efficient corporate governance mechanisms, as in the case of developed economies, may not exist. Hence, there will be differences in CE between emerging economies and developed country economies.
This study identified several contextual factors that impact boundary conditions with a focus on shared value and interests, and trust. This study also examined two important organizational factors, SMEs' entrepreneurial orientation and the use of information-rich media, to investigate how they impact knowledge transfer across boundaries. The findings indicate that the boundary conditions of knowledge transfer in collaborative innovation projects in China are characterized by a high degree of uncertainty and risk taking in a volatile business environment.
The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends. The outcome is to create a more entrepreneurial society, not just new businesses and this begins with the awareness that every individual has the capacity and can acquire an entrepreneurial mindset.
The author finds that the financial size of a new venture mediates the relationship between the demographics of the location of the venture and new venture performance. The author also finds that financial size plays a mediating role in the performance gap between black and white-owned ventures.
The results indicate that ESE is positively related to network ethnic diversity, and that this relationship is stronger for black entrepreneurs than for white entrepreneurs. Additionally, the authors find that the relationship between ESE and ethnic diversity is stronger among black than among white entrepreneurs, but not among Hispanic entrepreneurs.
The findings of this paper suggest that immigrants' intentions to become entrepreneurs are influenced by the demands of immigration. Specifically, the authors propose that immigrants are more likely to engage in venture creation and growth if they have high levels of attitude, subjective norms and perceived behavioral control (PBC). In addition, they are less likely to abandon their ventures when venture growth prospects are low. The authors also propose that immigrant entrepreneurs' intentions can be explained by the demand of immigration and PBC.
The results show that industry and venturing experiences are positively related to the likelihood of new venture creation, in the nascent stage of the venture creation process. However, this relationship is moderated by the industry context. Specifically, industry context moderates the relationship between industry experience and venture creation by moderating the impact of venturing experience on venture creation. In addition, the authors find that the effect of industry experience is stronger for high-tech ventures than for low-tech ones.
Proactiveness and innovativeness were found to be positively related to both performance measures considered in this work (i.e. sales and sales growth). Risk-taking and competitiveness were not found to have a significant impact on the performance of tourism firms in the accommodation sector. Proactiveness was found to exert the strongest impact on sales growth.
This paper offers a theoretical framework that explains how TEs may recognize opportunities and take advantage of their exceptional social networks in both their COO and COR (which may be institutionally very different). The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and non-ethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects ofTEs' dynamic capabilities (Teece et al., 2007; Teece, 2007; Winter, 2003) and the moderating effect of institutional distance between the country of residence and the COR. Based on the strategic entrepreneurship approach, this paper suggests a social tie-based model of the dynamic capability to address the theoretical void in the transnational entrepreneurship literature.
The paper provides examples of how 360-degree feedback may help to advance the understanding of important phenomena in the field of entrepreneurship, such as entrepreneurial orientation (EO) and firm level constructs.
Four key themes emerged from the interview data: funding and commissioning; systems and pathways; partnership working and co-production; data; and the role of commissioners. The themes identified were not exclusive, but inextricably linked.
It was found that most participants had a good level of QoL (54.3%) followed by moderate level (24.5%) and poor level (21.3%). When looking at each dimension of quality of life (QoL), the sample had good QOL in the energy and mobility dimension, sexual functioning dimension, social burden dimension, anxiety dimension, diabetes control and health problem dimension. It was also found that cerebrovascular disease was significantly related to QoOL (p<0.05) followed by hypertension (p=0.01) and kidney complications (p>0.001).
The results showed that the BePFB was found to be a reliable and valid instrument for measuring the knowledge level of parents of preschoolers about the positive consequences of parental feeding behaviors. The results of the structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis showed that there was a significant difference in the reliability and validity between the two versions of the questionnaire.
The results showed that mothers' infant and young child feeding practices were significant predictors of undernutrition and anemia among children aged 6-24 months in the study district. The study participants were found to have a mean age of 24.4 years (SD=9.8 years, SD=3.5 years). The mean age was found to be significantly associated with child undernutrition (p<0.05) and anemicemia (p=0.01) among the study participants. Maternal age was not associated with undernutrition or anemia. However, mothers' breastfeeding practices were significantly related to undernutrition among children.
- The rates of adolescent pregnancy per 1000 live births in the ISA and GSA are much lower than the current adolescent fertility rates in Bangladesh overall. This study documented that perinatal deaths were much lower in the icddr,b service area relative to the government service area although the fertility rate is higher in theISA than in the GSA. Lessons learned from the MNCH interventions could help other national efforts to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes.
The mean time to completion of the brief-caries risk assessment form was 5 min 15 min. The mean time per visit to the WBCs was 10 min. There was a significant difference in the mean time from 10-15 min to 5 min (p<0.05) for the low-risk group (p=0.001) and 10 min to 10 min for the high-risk Group (p>0.01). There were no significant differences between the groups in the time to complete the form. There were significant differences in the percentage of children with caries between the low and high risk groups (p = 0.01) and between the high and moderate-risk groups (P <0.0001).
This study found that the most Dengue serotypes in Majalengka were DEN-1. This information about serotypes distribution will improve the local government's awareness of Dengue vector control. The recommendations can be successfully implemented and improve knowledge, attitude and practice on the denguevector control of the elementary students in the district.
The results of this study indicated that the majority of stroke survivors (85.5%) were satisfied with the services provided by the community care team. The majority of the stroke survivors in the study were able to walk without assistance, and the majority (87.3%) of the respondents had aphasia and depressive symptoms within six months of their stroke. The most important issues for stroke survivors and their family caregivers were access to rehabilitation services, the quality of care provided and the level of support provided by community members.
- The results showed that there was no difference in terms of the length of time during actual and imagined STS. However, there was a significant difference in the level of EMG activity during both physical and imagined standing up. The results also showed that the EMG analysis revealed the patterned and level-attenuated EMG activities during the actual and imagining STS, as well as the surface EMG patterns of the muscles.
The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that there was a significant improvement in the indicators of TB in the intervention prison compared with the control prison after the implementation of the clinical protocol. However, there was no significant difference between the intervention and control prisons in terms of the number of TB cases detected and the treatment of HIV-positive and TB-positive inmates.
- The results of the study showed that the health literacy hypertension test was a good fit for the population of Thailand. The results showed that there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of health literacy in hypertension. However, there were significant differences in health literacy among the groups.
- The HRQOL scores were found to increase in all types of hospitals in the 6th week and 12th week of follow-up visits compared to the scores obtained at the first visit. However, the scores were higher in tertiary and quaternary hospitals than in primary hospitals.
The findings from this review highlight the social well-being of the caregivers, highlighting the challenges and needs of the family caregivers in caring or nursing for their family members diagnosed with TBI. The responsibilities that the family may experience can be very complex when nursing a TBI patient, with research documenting the long-term deleterious effects on caregivers when providing care for an individual with TBO.
- The paper finds that CBR evaluation methodologies should embrace the diversity among persons with disabilities in interpreting life experiences and quality of life. CBR programs built and modified on empirical evidence contribute to the country's health system being strengthened, thus improving the quality oflife of people with disabilities. The use of mixed methods has been recommended to capture both the experiences of persons with disability.
- The results showed that PCOS in adolescents and young women increased SPA levels. SPA was higher in women with PCOS than in other healthy women. The mean SPA level in adolescents was higher than that in young women. There was no significant difference in SPA between the two groups.
From the results, the developmental benefits of a day-care center for children are unclear, whereas the risk of infection is increased. Children attending childcare centers experience a higher number of common communicable diseases, especially respiratory and gastrointestinal infections when compared with children who are cared for at home.
The rate of uncontrolled BP among patients with predialysis CKD was found to be 25.5% (95% CI: 10.5-35.5%). Physical activity, dietary patterns and perceived stress were found to have a statistically significant relationship with uncontrolled BP, while age, stage of CKD, diabetes mellitus and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) were not statistically significant. In addition, physical activity, perceived stress and age were not significant factors.
There is an urgent need to adopt strategic approaches to overcome the damage posed by this pandemic and we must learn from the different mitigation strategies suggested during past pandemics to gain insights into curbing and containing the present COVID-19 crisis.
Despite the Governmental initiatives in place, much more could have been done much earlier with short, medium and long-term strategic plans put in effect. Social distancing is a deterrent, but lockdowns can be detrimental to the national economy. Effective coordination among the Government policymakers and the local healthcare workforce is necessary to ensure emergency health services can deal with the pandemic more effectively.
The results showed that the mean serum cholinesterase levels among rice farmers in the study district were 0.96 (95% CI 0.85-0.99) and 0.98 (95%) for the whole district. The mean serum Cholinestersterase level was found to be significantly higher among the rice farmers who were exposed to pesticides (p<0.05) compared to the control group (p=0.01). The results also showed that farmers exposed to pesticide use were significantly more likely to have adverse eye symptoms, dry throat and cramp. The main symptoms experienced by farmers included a dry throat, cramp and headache.
- The results of the study showed that the mean fear of childbirth for pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey was 4.5 (p<0.05). The mean fear level of the pregnant women was 3.4 (p=0.01). The most common reasons for the fear were fear of pain at birth, fear of failure to get help in case of having pain and fear of having a cesarean section. The most frequent causes of fear were concern about the infant's health during the pregnancy period, concerns about postnatal breastfeeding, and concerns about the labor process.
- The results of the study indicate that women's distress levels were significantly higher than those of men when the cause of infertility was related to the female or the male factor. In addition, the results indicate that the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on distress levels was significantly higher for women than for men.
The results showed that yoga alone may not be a sufficiently powerful tool for BCRL management in terms of arm volume alterations, both in patients with BCRL and in patients at risk of BCRL. However, it is difficult to determine whether yoga is an effective or ineffective management strategy due to small sample sizes and the limited number of studies available.
Most (74.1%) of the Thai population aged 15 years or older did not consume sufficient FV (at least five portions per day). The median number of FV servings consumed was 3.3 per person per day. Findings indicate important differences in FV intake among study participants across geographic areas, and several sociodemographic characteristics are associated with insufficient FV consumption.
The results of the study showed that the majority of the women in the sample were aware of gynecological cancers. The most important factors affecting the level of knowledge of women were fear of a cancer diagnosis, fear of suffering from pain, shame and beliefs that will invade privacy. The least important factors influencing the knowledge level of women in relation to gynecology were lack of education and lack of awareness.
The results of the study revealed that the addictive use of smartphones was significantly associated with depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria. It was also found that smartphone addiction was significantly related to anxiety and depression. The results also indicated that the higher the level of smartphone addiction, the more likely the participants were to be depressed.
The preliminary estimates indicate that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to harm the Spanish economy. Due to the limitations mentioned above, the estimates are a gross underestimate of the total economic impact of COVID -19 on theSpanish economy.
- Results from the N-MAPSS show that approximately 4 percent of youth reported non-medical use of prescription prescription stimulant use in the past 30 days and 3 percent used prescription opioids non-medically in the same period of time. In addition, the majority of the youth reported that they would stop using prescription prescription drugs if they had the power to do so. The most common reasons youth gave for not using prescription drugs were lack of knowledge about the risks of prescription drugs, lack of parental monitoring, and lack of peer influence.
The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT) and cardiovascular disease was found to be higher in semi-urban communities than in purely urban communities. The prevalence of hypertension was higher in the urban community than in the rural community. There was a significant difference in the prevalence of cardiovascular disease between the urban and rural communities. There were significant differences in the distribution of risk factors for diabetes, hypertension and heart disease among the rural and urban communities, with the urban population having a higher prevalence than the rural population. The distribution of the risk factors was similar to that of the urban populations.
- The results showed that the Qigong program significantly improved the quality of sleep among the older adults with mild to moderate depression. The results also indicated that the participants who participated in the intervention group had significantly better sleep quality than those who did not participate.
SOP was found to be correlated with the highest SOP group (2.00 x 10-5 mW range) (odds ratio (OR) 1.79, 95% CI: 1.39-2.31) and reduced sleep time (OR 1.53; 95%CI:1.11- 2.10). The results confirmed that increased and longer smartphone use results in reduced sleeptime.
- The results of multinomial logistic regression analysis indicated that patients' knowledge on uncomplicated malaria was predicted from age, highest level of education, attitudes and practices, while their attitudes were predicted by gender, occupation, monthly income, knowledge and practices. Their practice with regard to the treatment of malaria was significantly predicted by their monthly incomes, knowledge, attitudes, and number of anti-malarial and adjunct drugs administered.
- It was detected that age group, income level, problems experienced during pregnancy and planned delivery mode are among the factors that statistically affect women's birth beliefs. It was also found that women's beliefs about birth as a natural process were significantly related to their preferences for giving birth at home or in a hospital, with either a caesarian section or vaginal birth.
- Focus group discussions with the elderly are complex and challenging for novice researchers. Addressing issues such as good planning and organizing the participants and facilities, as well as training, to understand the characteristics of being a good moderator, aswell as having an accepting attitude and being flexible are key to the success of group discussions. In addition, several studies have shown that success in conducting focus groups mainly derives from an effective facilitator or moderator. Training and personal readiness are essential in order to enhance the moderator's skills.
The speed with which the virus is spreading, even among countries that are ranked high for their outstanding health systems, has left nations and economies stunned. This pandemic has taught developing nations such as Nepal a lesson regarding the importance of adequate planning and preparation to effectively deal with a future emergency. Furthermore, such situations are best managed through effective coordination among the federal, provincial and local governments along with hub and satellite hospitals.
The authors found that the sex education learning unit was effective in providing information that students can relate to based on their own experiences. It was not as effective in getting across the disadvantages of having sex. The authors found only one other Thai project that involved students, teachers, and parents in the planning phase of the project.
- The results of the study showed that IC in rehabilitation organizations consists of human capital, organizational capital and relational capital. Human capital is defined as the total amount of knowledge that organizations use for value creation and competitive advantage. Organizational capital consists of the knowledge, skills and experiences of its managers and experts (human capital), combined with the value achieved from internal capabilities and external relationships (organizational capital). Relational capital is a combination of relational capital and human capital. In addition, the study found that there are three domains of intellectual capital, i.e. human, relational and structural capital.
This study confirmed that women in the 1966-1987 cohort faced more difficulties and hardships than when they were growing up. The proportion of marriages was high among the late-marriage group rather than the early-marriage groups. Looking at family planning methods, the two most popular methods are the injection and the pill, and these are not expensive and are easy to access because the government provides them. Surprisingly, IUD, implant, sterilization, and others need highly skilled health personnel, which is more expensive and, consequently, the number of people using those methods is still quite low. Moreover, the percentage of contraceptive use in the early cohort and the late cohort is similar, but the younger ones are more likely to use contraceptives more regularly, particularly for birth spacing.
- The results of the study revealed that the proportion of students consuming ED is high, and their lack of knowledge regarding the ingredients and the potential health hazards of such drinks is a matter of concern. The frequency of ED consumption was found to be significantly higher among the students than that of non-ED drinks. The most common reasons for consuming ED among students were the consumption of ED while playing, studying, partying and driving. The students' level of knowledge about the ingredients of ED and their potential health risks was also revealed to be low.
The Be SAFE booklet was validated for its content and relevance and was found to be satisfactory and was therefore accepted. The evaluation process included a panel of experts in a related field in education, health, health promotion, or water safety, and representatives from the target audience of both parents and guardians.
According to the results of the integrative reviews, it was found that after surgery, the patients with colorectal cancer had to face various experiences during their postoperative recovery, including suffering, decreased activity, ambivalent feelings and the need for caring. This shows that the experiences of persons in this group vary, depending on the individual's perception in different situations.
A high percentage of TB patients who received treatment at the border hospitals in Chiang Rai province and participated in this study were reported as experiencing a patient delay in seeking TB treatment from the health facility. Additionally, HIV status and nationality were factors that affected those associated with patient delays in the study.
The results showed that the experimental group had a significant decrease in BMI (p<0.05) compared to the control group (p=0.01). There was no significant difference in BMI between the experimental and control groups. There were no significant differences in BMI differences between the two groups. The experimental group showed a significant increase in BMI after the intervention. The control group did not show any change in BMI.
The results indicated that women with experience of IPV during their lifetime were more likely to have unwanted pregnancies and were less likely to utilize sufficient antenatal care (ANC) during pregnancy, delivery using skilled birth attendant (SBA) help and postnatal care (PNC) after delivery. Women's participation in household decision making had a significant contribution to the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services. Women with a history of experiencing IPV had a higher probability of not utilizing sufficient ANC and delivery with the help of SBA.
The results showed that the MFI screening instrument was a reliable and valid instrument that could be used to predict MFI among textile factory workers in Cambodia. The results indicated that work-environmental factors (i.e. job content, work organization and management plus organizational and environmental conditions) and individual characteristics (personality and attitudes) were significant predictors of MFI.
The results showed that the probiotics significantly increased the CD4+ T cell counts among HIV patients (p<0.05). However, the effect of probiotic consumption on CD4 T counts was not significant (p=0.01). In addition, there was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the number of LPS in the plasma.
The results showed that the prevalence of dental caries among the population aged 15 years, 35-44 years and 60-74 years increased from 62.1 to 62.7, 85.6 to 91.8 and 95.8 percent, respectively, between 2000 and 2017. In addition, the proportion of the population who visited a dentist within the past year has increased from 7.4 in 2006 to 9.6 percent in 2017. However, the dental utilization rate is still very low compared to the treatment needs among adults and the elderly. The use of dental services among the elderly was found to be related to attitudes toward oral health conditions, access to dental services, accompanying persons, income and general health conditions.
The results of the study showed that the personality characteristics of risky pregnant women had a significant effect on their prenatal distress levels. The highest level of prenatal distress was experienced by the women with high extroversion and high conscientiousness. The lowest level of distress was reported by the woman with low conscientiousness and the highest distress level was experienced in the women who were high in openness to experience and high in neuroticism. In addition, there was a significant relationship between personality characteristics and distress.
The results showed a significant increase in Hb, RBC, HCT, mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), MCHC, WBC, lymphocytes, neutrophils, mixed cells, red cell distribution width (RDW) and thrombocytes in individuals exposed to air pollutants from smoked grilled fish using charcoal.
More than half of the respondents had sexual intercourse; 25.2 percent of them did not use a condom during last sexual intercourse. Regarding sexual harassment, it was found that most of them had experienced sexual harassment including non-verbal, verbal and physical sexual harassment. Non-verbal sexual harassment was associated with employment, living condition and emergency contraceptive pills attitude. Verbal sexual harassment is associated with current status of student, having sexual intercourse experience, and type of job, whereas physicalSexual harassment is related to the education level, income status, havingsexual intercourse experience and type-of-job.
The results of the study indicated that there were no significant differences between the two groups before and after exposure to the intervention. However, there were significant differences in the behavioral changes between the groups after exposure. The results indicated that the participants who had received the education program were more likely to have changed their behaviors after exposure than those who did not.
The average cost-effectiveness ratio (C/E) and the incremental cost-effective ratio (ICER) for TB treatment and care for Burmese and Laotian TB patients in these two hospitals were 0.73 and 0.69, respectively. The C/E ratio was found to be significantly higher than the ICER ratio for the two hospitals. The average C/ER ratio was significantly higher for the Thai hospitals than for the Myanmar and Laos hospitals. However, the average ICER was significantly lower for Thai hospitals.
Overall, KAP regarding malaria was poor among people living in malaria transmission areas. On the other hand, only a few associated factors were found, as people are mostly neutral. Therefore, new approaches to improving malaria KAP are evidently needed in this community.
The findings of the study reveal that the healthcare sector in India has abided by Schedule 135 of the Companies Act 2013 CSR guidelines. Individual companies' framed policies and created a sub-system of CSR Committee with independent directors to plan CSR initiatives and to ensure that a CSR budget (2 per cent of three years average net profit) is spent. The size of the committee is varying and geographical spread of CS R initiatives is skewed, with majority companies focussing on Maharashtra and Gujarat states. The focus areas ofCSR are on education, healthcare and rural development. There is a need to look at the under-developed and remote states like Odisha and North-Eastern states.
The results showed that cyberbullying victimization and perpetration were found to have a significant impact on the intention to engage in cyberbullies. The results also showed that the theory of planned behavior (TPB) was found to be a significant mediator of the relationship between cyberbullied victims and perpetrators. It was also found that the TPB mediated the effect of cyber bullying victimization on cyber bullying perpetration. The findings also revealed that cyber bullying victims were more likely to be the perpetrators of cyber Bullying.
The results show that the absence of husband from household leads to changes in the roles and in the decision-making power of left-behind women. Women exercise more independent control of their lives, including budgetary management, spending authority, freedom of physical movement and freedom of movement in economic matters.
The results showed a remarkable comparison between the MUAC and BIA in the assessment of overnutrition in children and adolescents. The results showed that the BIA was more accurate in identifying overnutrition than MUAC in children aged 6-18 years. There was a significant difference in the BMI and MUAC scores between the two methods. The BIA scores were significantly higher in the children with a mean BMI score of 0.98 and 0.84 percent, respectively. The mean BMI scores were higher in children with low socioeconomic status (SES) compared with those with high SES.
Both male and female vocational students in Nakhon Ratchasima had low levels of HIV, sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and contraception knowledge. Females had a higher knowledge of all the factors compared to males while males received more harassment from peers for being sexually active.
A large village size, high density of villagers and remote location far away from a hospital are associated with DF recurrence, while at individual and household levels, children whose parents work as daily employees and traders and children who are less than one year old and who are under and over standard growth are associated to DF recurrences, particularly in large and crowded villages.
The results showed that self-esteem and family relationships were the most important predictors of the QoL of the older adults in Phayao. It was also found that family relationships and the perception of health status had a significant impact on the QOL of older adults.
A majority of the respondents were aware of the harmful effects of inhalable particulate matter. However, many still indulged in high-risk behaviors that may lead to more exposure to polluted air. In addition, a comparison of knowledge levels among different age groups, different income levels and occupation groups revealed poor levels of knowledge regarding air pollution.
The results showed that SOP had a non-linear correlation with headaches during different periods of the day. Nocturnal headaches have been found to respond to the delayed effect of the daily dose of SOP in the form of a reverse dose-response, just like migraine headaches which have some other kinds of protective response, for example, photophobia.
Malaria, kala-azar (visceral leishmaniasis), lymphatic filariasis (LF) and dengue fever/dengue hemorrhagic fever constitute the major vector-borne diseases (VBDs) prevalent in Nepal with approximately 6.5m of the population estimated to be at risk. A total of 28,424 cases and 582 deaths were reported during 1980-2006 and the case fatality rate varied from 0.23 to 3.16.
The prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) among rice farmers in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand was found to be high (p<0.05). The mean prevalence of MSDs in different parts of the body was high (95.7 percent) and the prevalence of pain in the upper extremity area was highest (94.4 percent) among the rice farmers. The prevalence of lower back pain in rice farmers was higher than that in other parts of body (91.3 percent). Gender, age, body mass index (BMI), farm size and working years were significantly associated with MSD prevalence. The mean BMI was significantly related to MSD occurrence in the lower extremity areas (p=0.01), while it was not related to the upper limb area.
The results of the meta-analysis show that the combination of cognitive training and physical exercise has a positive effect on the cognitive performance of the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment. The results also show that cognitive training is more effective than physical exercise in the treatment of MCI in the elderly population.
SES related to dental caries indicates socioeconomic inequality in oral health amongst Thai working age adults. Education was the most significant factor among socioeconomic variables compared to income and occupation. Area of residence, oral health-related behavior and access to dental service also related to oral health. However, this study could not indicate causal relationships.
It was found that the highest attainable standard of health is not only a goal for all people, but also for all countries in the world. However, it is important to note that the world cannot have only one level of health for the whole world or all countries. Each country will need to work out its frame of reference for the highest attainable standard. Ideally, a country-specific standard should be individually defined and used as the basis for the development and implementation of its national health policy, strategy and program.
The smoking cessation program and the smoking behavior program helped male high school students to quit smoking. This program was based on the IMB skills and stages of change models affecting self-esteem, attitude, perception and practice regarding the control of smoking behaviors, and cotinine levels in the urine of male high-school students. Smokers were classified in the individual preparedness and need assessments following the stages of changes.
The results of the PDE analysis showed that the highest PDE was observed for the operator's face, followed by his/her arms and legs. In addition, there was a significant difference in PDE between officers' techniques and farmers' techniques. The results of this study indicate that the operators' exposure was significantly higher than the farmers' when applying different application techniques.
The results show that the potential of older persons to participate in civic engagement is determined by two competing elements: internal constraining factors and external enthusing forces. Internal constraining forces consist of both individual characteristics, including income and health, as well as family support and government assistance, which are meant to reflect the external ent husing or motivating factors. Civic engagement is not purely determined by altruism but is related to the reciprocal relationship between them and others, including family and government.
The number of Aedes immatures per container was not distributed consistently in each water container. The chemical properties of the water in the containers, including pH, total dissolved solids (TDS, mg/l), electric conductivity (EC, mS/cm) and dissolved oxygen (DO, mg/) affected the presence and abundance of mosquito larvae. The container material, container type and the pH, TDS, EC and DO affected the number of mosquito immatures in each container.
The results revealed intracerebral hemorrhage caused more loss of LE than ischemic stroke and the female patients had poorer survival rates after stroke than male patients.
The results indicated that the motivation program was effective in motivating the RTAF officers to quit smoking. The smoking cessation rates in the intervention group were significantly higher than those in the control group (p<0.05). The smoking prevalence rate in the motivation group was significantly lower than that of the control (p=0.01). The intervention group had a significantly lower prevalence rate of smoking (p = 0.01) than the control.
The quality levels of asthma management (i.e. prescription rates of the inhaled reliever and preventer) were reasonably high and were not far off the standard targets set at 100 percent. The non-documentation of asthma control at the last visit was significantly influenced by the presence of acute complaint(s) unrelated to asthma and other issues needing urgent management, which actually reflects the provision of personalised care by the treating doctors. The number of documented parameters used to determine the current status of asthma was also significantly associated with non- documentation. The more the more parameters documented, the lesser the odds for non- Documentation.
The results showed that the majority of the respondents were aware of oral cancer, but most of them were not aware of the risk factors for the disease. The most common risk factors identified were smoking, alcohol consumption, oral sex, tobacco use and the use of chewed herbs such as khat and other imported products whose contents may have carcinogenic substances. The study also found that there was a significant difference in the level of knowledge about oral cancer between the two groups of participants.
The results indicated that the Dual Approach Program was effective in promoting sexual abstinence and improving parent-daughter sexual communication. In addition, the study found that there was a significant increase in the number of positive parent- daughter sexual communication conversations between the two groups.
The rate of hyperlipidemia in patients with hypertension was very high, even though 37.7 percent of the patients received cholesterol-lowering drugs. Serum Hcy level was significantly correlated with PDGF, but serum lipids and lipoprotein levels were not correlated with either Hcy or PDGF (Table III). Serum lipid, Hcy and PDGF were not significantly correlated.
The results showed that the participants' personal disposition and histories shape pathways to high-risk sexual behaviors and persistence. The ecological factors (laws, policies, customs and social institutions) and life course resources (families, interpersonal ties) reinforced or hindered healthy practices and reduced or augmented risks of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among international travelers.
The Trauma Outcome Profile (TOP) was used for the first time in Thailand. The Chronic Pain Grade Questionnaire (CPGQ), Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC-10) and Jalowiec Coping Scale (JCS) were used to measure pain and resilience in Thai patients following multiple trauma incidents. The TOP was found to be a good predictor of QOL. In addition, the CPGQ and CD-RIS-10 showed a positive relationship with QOL, while the JCS showed a negative relationship.
There is an increase in CS deliveries. Caesarean deliveries are higher in most parts of Karnataka district but reach alarming levels in the southern part of the state. Further, the increase was only observed in private health facilities, whereas this proportion was stagnant or even decreased in public health facilities during DLHS-3 andDLHS-4. The proportion of CS deliveries was found to be significantly higher in the northern parts of the district compared to the southern parts.
The results showed that maternal self-esteem, infant temperament, strain, social support and balanced family functioning were significant antecedents of MI among primiparous teenage mothers during 4-12 months following the birth of the first child. The results also showed that social support was the most important antecedent factor of MI.
The findings showed that the prevalence of ECPs use among reproductive-aged women was 11 percent. Multiple regression analysis showed that predictive factors associated with ECP use were a high education level, low frequency of sexual intercourse, condom use, no experience of pregnancy and high level of knowledge regarding ECP. Moreover, enabling factors in the community comprising opening shop opening hours, lengthy opening hours and easy accessibility were associated with the use of E CPs. After adjusting variables, the study found that only high monthly family income predicted ECP usage.
The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that mindfulness-based health education practice had a positive effect on prevention and promotional hypertension behaviors (PPHB) and quality of life (QOL) among patients suffering from stage I hypertension. In addition, the MBHE program had a significant effect on QOL and SE.
It was found that adolescents encountered inadequate resources, negative provider attitudes, inadequate adolescent health facilities, weak parental and community support for adolescent health interventions and personal constraints in accessing adolescent health services.
The data from this research indicated that the individuals engaged in this work have high-level perceptions of their own competency, which serves as a reflection of their knowledge and skill in immunization practices. Nonetheless, some problematic issues were found in the work of the healthcare providers that conflicted with certain stipulated work standards. Accordingly, these findings serve as evidence of the competency of EPI staff in order to overcome the barriers and sustain effective services in Thailand.
After participating in the program, the health volunteers had increased their knowledge and improved their skills in the basic care of the dependent elderly compared to ratings before program participation. The health volunteers who participated in the increase health volunteer ability program had improved their abilities in basic care for the elderly in the communities.
The results of the study showed that the majority of the pregnant women in the study opted to give birth in a health facility while the majority (87.5 percent) delivered at home. Cost of services, transportation to the facility, ability to make decisions on the place of birth and religious and cultural practices were some of the factors found to be influencing the choice of place of delivery among the women.
The caregivers experienced difficulties in managing the patients' psychotic symptoms. They struggled to make the patients achieve normalcy by maintaining medication adherence, vigilantly managing the symptoms, preventing any relapse of the symptoms and managing the consequences of being sick resulting in poor judgment, stigma, loss and other difficulties. In psychotic symptoms management, caregivers made non-intrusive observations and used many methods, including direct observation, symptom inquiry and restraint when necessary to control the symptoms. Medication management was rated as the most difficult caregiving task.
After the LCDC program, the elderly patients had better knowledge, attitude, and decreased blood sugar levels (HbA1c<7 percent) and an improved periodontal status (p<0.05). However, the younger age group (30-44 years) did not improve their glycemic levels (p=0.01) or their periodontic status (P<1.05) as compared to the older age group.
The results showed that older adults who participated in the social dance exercise and social support program reported improved physical, psychological and spiritual domains of QOL. Social dance exercise was found to be the most effective intervention to improve the QOL for the elderly.
Women's acceptance of wife beating perpetrated by their husbands experienced an increase during 2002-2012. Several characteristics relating to the married woman, husband, and the household arrangement were significant determinants, and reflecting those factors contribute to women's vulnerability of being domestic physical violence survivors.
The home healthcare physical therapy system (HHCPT) was shown to be a successful choice when measured against the patient recovery status. Five aspects were identified as key checkpoints to consider a patient's readiness for transferring from hospital to home including physiological and psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team and family support.
Industrial workers with health risk behavior profiles, being male and shift work were risk for having poor sleep quality. Low sleep quality was associated with an increased risk of occupation injury.
The study found that women in both rural and urban areas were either satisfied or highly satisfied with the regimen for TP. Overall, most of the women in rural areas were more satisfied than those in urban areas with the treatment regimen. There were no serious adverse events recorded in the study. No adverse events were recorded for women who underwent MTP at gestations not later than 63 days since the last menstrual period.
The results showed that conditions of caring for the elderly were significantly associated with family caregiver stress, while the elderly recipient with dementia was not associated with higher levels of caregivers' stress.
The results showed that chlorpyrifos residues on children's hands and feet were significantly higher than the control group (p<0.05). The levels of AChE and PChE in blood samples were higher in toddlers living in the agricultural community. The association of behavioural factors with blood cholinesterase activity was found to be significant (p=0.01). The association between behavioural factors and blood cholsterase level was not significant. The urinary metabolite concentrations of pesticide residues in children living in agricultural community were higher than control group.
The modified HBM-based intervention had the benefit of reducing the BMI for age among overweight junior high school students who complied with the program. It also improved the participants' knowledge about health and their health behavior.
The application of pesticides was observed to be widely applied in the agricultural sectors of Khao Koh district, Phetchabun Province. The results showed that there were glyphosate and derivatives of glyphosate (AMPA) in soil and sediment samples, while herbicides and insecticides were not found in water and agricultural samples. This environmental contamination is the major cause of health impacts.
The elders have a high level of knowledge of earthquake preparedness. Their attitude toward earthquake preparation is satisfactory. In contrast, the correct practices and appropriate practices are at a low level. In particular, they lack safety instructions pertaining to earthquakes from the Department of Local Administration, earthquake drill participation, family participation and family meetings. Furthermore, their KAPs of knowledge, attitude and practice are different in the statistical significance. The results of this study suggest that the location of the home, knowledge about an earthquake, attitude score and age are factors that were associated with taking precautions against an earthquake.
The results of this study indicate that the health effects from smartphone and tablet usages among the elderly population in Thailand are varied. The most common health effects reported were back pain and neck pain, eye strain, fatigue, headache, and eye strain. Other symptoms reported were sleep disturbances, symptoms of depression, and lack of sleep quality. The factors associated with these health effects were age, gender, education level, income, and mobile device type.
Knowledge and practice levels about BF are unexpectedly low among women working in garment factories in Kathmandu district. Most of the women are illiterate and do not have much knowledge of exclusive BF benefits and, as a consequence, this influenced the knowledge and practice level of BF. Inadequate knowledge and inappropriate practice have negative effects on child health.
The results illustrated that some problems still exist regarding accessibility to the five aspects of reproductive health rights among adolescents. The conditional factors hindering the accessibility to these rights included knowledge and negative attitudes among administrators, operational workers, parents and adolescents; and not systematically applying the laws and policies of authorized agencies due to social dimensions, traditions, customs, sexual culture and religion.
The results of the study revealed that the most important factors affecting the capabilities of FDC staff regarding the promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand were: knowledge of the family development center's services; knowledge of family-related issues; and knowledge of their roles in the developmental learning process for strengthening families. In addition, the results of this study also revealed that attitude and self-efficacy were the most significant factors influencing the capability of working staff regarding parenting promotion for language learning.
The results of the study show that the FLFP rate in Nepal is much higher than other countries in South Asia. The study also found that the rate of under-5 mortality is significantly higher among the poor, uneducated and rural women in Nepal. Furthermore, the study found that there is a significant positive association between FLFP and child mortality. The results also showed that the caste system has a significant impact on child mortality in Nepal as well. Among the Dalit castes, women from the upper caste are more likely to die compared to the lower caste women.
Inhalation and dermal exposure to toluene was found to be significantly higher than the threshold limit value-time-weighted average (TLV-TWA) of 20 ppm. The TWA was higher than 0.03 mg/L in urine and 0.02 mg/ L in blood. The skin permeability coefficient (Kp) of 0.5375 cm/h was obtained from the CCP samples. The average TWA of urinary tolene was well below the TWA for the workers' inhalation exposure limit and the BEI for urinary to luene was 0.01 mg/mL. However, the concentration of toluene in the urine was higher compared with the TLV than that of the workers.
The results of this research showed a low level of patient satisfaction. The patient expectation of pharmaceutical care services in IHC system is higher than patient perception. Further research on the effects of drug information, counseling and waiting time on patient satisfaction should be conducted to improve the quality of Pharmaceutical care services provided.
The results showed that the SROI for the community-based alcohol consumption control program during Buddhist Lent was estimated to be about 2.5 percent of the program cost, which is in line with the program's objectives. The results also showed that there was a significant reduction in alcohol consumption among current alcohol drinkers during the BL period.
The results of the test results showed that the basic dengue knowledge of the VHVs was good before intervention, but they had a poor knowledge of larval indices. However, both PCUs had an increased understanding of the topic after intervention, because the intervention program developed their knowledge and skills on the topic. The comparison between the outcomes before and after intervention showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups of PCUs in terms of the level of knowledge and skill development after intervention.
The results showed that salivary F retention was significantly higher in dry brushing with 1 or 0.3 g of F toothpaste without rinsing than in the control group. The F concentration and F half-life in saliva were significantly higher when the amount of toothpaste used was higher than when it was lower. Salivary flow rate using the different brushing procedures was also studied. The results showed a significant difference in the F retention between the two groups. The amount of fluoride toothpaste was found to have a significant effect on F retention in saliva.
The results showed that the modified Khon exercise improved lower extremity muscle strength and flexibility, aerobic endurance and balance in older Thai persons. The exercise, which is a form of lifestyle intervention in combination with art and culture, effectively improved functional fitness.
This study revealed that postnatal mothers were most knowledgeable about breastfeeding and hygiene practices for newborn. On the other hand, mothers were least knowledgeable about eye care, cord care, thermoregulation and immunization. Significant association was found between socio-demographic factors and inadequate maternal knowledge and attitude on newborn care. Furthermore, knowledge and attitudes were strongly associated.
More than half of the elderly hypertension patients were found to be poor adherent to medication treatment. Having a daughter as a care taker was significantly associated with good adherence. Encouraging family participation is crucial for increasing patient adherence to antihypertensive medication.
It was found that life expectancy at birth would increase by 3 months to 6.5 years if cancer mortality was eliminated, and by 5 months to 7 years for the elimination of heart disease and malignant neoplasm.
The reviewed studies reveal that several types of studies are commonly targeted in programmes and interventions to improve adolescent sexual health outcomes, especially in the early adolescent. The interventions were different in terms of participants, intervention instrumentation, dose of intervention, measurement times, intervention instruments and boosters given. Recommendations for future studies are needed to consider methodological and substantive characteristics as well as the people who are involved in youth sexual health outcome.
The prevalence of cognitive impairment among hill-tribe older people in Chiang Rai was found to be 13.5 percent. The prevalence rate of cognitive impairments was higher among those who were not working or who had used amphetamine in the past. In addition, there was a significant association between age and cognitive impairment (p<0.05).
The majority of elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia, had a fair level of QoL. Furthermore, perceived adequacy of care and reason for living in an NH were highlighted as predictors of QeL amongst those elderly elderly residents.
Early initiation to breastfeeding can be associated with preventing stunting in 6-59 month of children after adjusted to all other variables. There is also a significant association between water source and birth weight to stunting. Children with a low birth weight are 2.0 times at higher risk of stunting than normal-born. The most dominant risk factor for stunting was age 24-59 months with a risk 2.5 times higher than the age of 6-11 months.
The results of the mixed method approach revealed that the patients with advanced stages of cancer in the community had different needs from those in the hospital. The most important needs of the patients were to be able to communicate with family members, to be informed about the treatment and treatment options, and to be allowed to choose their own time of death. The least important needs were the need to be provided by the nurses and the need for the patients to be supported in the home.
The results of the quasi-experimental study showed that the intervention program for dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention among rural communities in Thailand was effective in reducing the prevalence of the disease and reducing the morbidity rate. The intervention program had a significant effect on reducing the incidence of d Dengue fever among the rural communities. The results of this study also showed that there was a significant difference in the effectiveness of the intervention programs among the communities.
The GM's xanthone was found to associate with health beneficial effects by lowering oxidative stress, reducing inflammation, managing and controlling obesity and diabetes, inhibiting the growth of cancer cells as well as showing anti-allergic, anti-bacterial and anti-fungal activities. It boosts up immune systems, reduced metabolic syndromes and its associated diseases.
The most common interventions used in HCWs were introducing arm support and height adjustments. WMSD prevalence among HCWs was found to vary based on the position of work and job characteristics. The occupations that have the highest prevalence and related risk factors of WMSDs are dentists, physical therapists and physical therapists.
The paper concludes that the concept of health and disease concepts should be used as a basis for the development of a health development approach.
There were three emerging themes, including the following: life before using substances; life turning point; and motivation to stop using substances, were the results of the qualitative study.
The educational program increased knowledge and intention toward condom and emergency contraceptive use. The educational program had a positive effect on improving the knowledge and intentions of Thai female university students. There was no significant change in attitudes toward using condoms and emergency contraceptives.
The results showed that in general, clients in the rehabilitation center of NNB in West Java, Indonesia, were at a moderate level of methamphetamine relapse risk. Outcome expectancy, negative emotional state, positive emotional state and craving had positive significant correlation with relapse risk, while self-efficacy had a negative significant correlation. At last, motivation, social support and coping had no correlation with methamphetamine relapserisk.
The proportion of current smokeless tobacco users was slightly higher than that of current smokers. Having friends who are users of tobacco, ever tried alcohol before or current users of alcohol and experimented with tobacco in the past were significant predictors of the current tobacco use among adolescents. Adolescents with an extrovert personality type or having poor self-esteem were found to be associated with their using tobacco products.
Findings showed that 32 percent of the married adolescent girls aged 15-19 years have begun childbearing, and prevalence of UP at least once in their lifetime among married adolescents in urban slums of Bangladesh is 24 percent. Higher education levels and financial autonomy are vital motives for new family formation and delayed childbearing. Individuals with fewer potential may have less flexibility to adapt their family formation that may resulted in unintended pregnancies and poorer pregnancy outcomes.
It was found that the menu board media for SSF information and health messages was designed in such a way that it was easy to read and understood by the students. The students were able to easily read and understand the information detailed on the media board.
Four factors were found to be significantly related to improving community health: health care behaviors, perceived health status, attitude toward health care and access to health services. In addition, FM, TTM and conventional medicine (CAM) were significantly associated with health care behavior.
- There are many reasons why the goal of HFA/2000 could not be attained. The reasons were broadly determined in the areas of social, economic and environmental domains outside the capacity of individual countries to control, particularly in the case of developing countries. However, due to a global and regional spirit of unity and solidarity, as well as strong advocacy and the coordinated action of the World Health Organization (WHO), efforts were made toward achieving health for all. A PHC approach was developed and the idea of a Universal Health Coverage (UHC) system was considered to be an important requisite of the "Health for All" goal. Many countries worldwide have been keenly interested in the application of the UHC idea, seeing it as a driving force to support governments toward achieving the goal.
The sustainable development of a population's health is undoubtedly an important factor in a nation's progress toward peace, security and prosperity. Achieving good health must be built on equity and social justice in health, and the foundation of a primary health care approach. However, health is an individual responsibility and self-reliance at individual, family and community level is fundamental to achieving the described WHO targets.
Several factors contribute to drinking alcohol among the Lahu people including age, income, occupation, knowledge, attitude, taste, and experience. Family and parenting styles are also found as contributing factors either in a positive or negative way. Peer pressure was found to be the most crucial factor in starting and continuing to consume alcohol, particularly amongst Lahu males. The consumption of alcohol is associated with celebrations and is also a means of defining social levels within the LHAI community. The practice of consuming alcohol after work is seen as a cultural adaptation following the practice of neighboring Thai communities who serve alcohol to their employees after work.
Cognitive reappraisal was found to be significantly and positively related to successful aging among Thai older adults. In addition, expressive suppression was not significantly related to any of the five dimensions of successful aging.
The intervention group showed significant improvements in BMI, body mass index (BMI), WC, waist-hip ratio, body fat, visceral fat, and fat-free mass. The control group showed no significant changes in BMI or WC. The intervention group also showed significant reductions in the BMI, WC, and visceral fat. In addition, the intervention group had significant improvements on all the metabolic syndrome components (i.e. blood pressure, hemoglobin A1C, blood lipids, and total cholesterol).
The results from interview showed that the sub-district local government office has no policy of HFMD control and some areas only had commands without statement evidences ofHFMD control. Low epidemic areas have greater feasibility of resources allocation for HFMD prevention and control than those in a high epidemic area. Another problem is that the staff are not stable because of the nature of the area. Staff do not have the necessary qualification for HF MD control and there is lack of a disease control team. Most of them have education; their main job is to cooperate with other staff. The last issue is antiseptic for cleaning the environment; it was found that most DCC use Dettol(r), soap, dishwashing liquid, detergent, and water for cleaning environment. These materials do not contain disinfecting materials, so they are ineffective for disinfecting the environment.
The findings of the study revealed that having a high educational status achieves a high level of knowledge of childhood immunization that, in turn, leads to a high levels of compliance with child immunization among mothers of children under five years of age in Ekiti State, Nigeria.
The results showed that the older workers in community enterprises have a better quality of life and mental health than other workers in the informal sector. They are more likely to be satisfied with their work and have a positive attitude toward their work, and they are more willing to continue to work in the community enterprises. However, they are not satisfied with the working conditions and work environment. They have a negative attitude towards their work environment and work conditions, and their mental health is poor.
The district TB co-ordinating team played a role in improving the health service performance of TB for increasing the rate of investigation and confirmed cases. The results found statistically significant (p-value=0.001) differences in incidence of chest radiography with completed microscopy in pre-intervention and post-inter intervention after diagnosis of smear positive TB. The number of smearpositive cases also increased from 27 to 51 cases. In regards to the referral system, we found no statistical difference in terms of TB arrived with a referral document from health center.
The results showed that working conditions were most consistently associated with the job stress among both those Thai immigrant employees with rearing aging parents as well as those employees without rearing their aging parents. In addition, the wages variables had a direct effect on job stress in both groups. However, it could be considered that both variables still had less effect than the working conditions and had little association with job stress.
- Effective leadership is vital for successful control of disease outbreaks. We can learn leadership skills, but it is more important to earn them through practice. The world community started paying serious attention on the issue of new emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases (IDs) in early 1990s; from where there have been several evolutions. The current issue is known as emerging infectious diseases.
The results showed that caregivers' self-efficacy and social support were significantly related to their QoL. Social support moderated the relationship between caregivers' perceived self-efficiency and their QOL.
The findings of this study indicated that participants' knowledge of MSW management is high, but the levels of attitude and practice are neutral and moderate, respectively. It showed positive correlation relationship between knowledge and practices. Furthermore, the result of this research was reasonably cleared that the most important issues must be focused on the group of young people (less than 20 years old).
The findings revealed that, despite the fact that the survivors experienced IPV had faced sufferings, namely, physical, psychological and economic, they could cope with the problems by getting a variety of help such as help from the family, group support and health providers. As a result from these groups, they are able to increase self-esteem and feel ready to join a group support activity. Besides, all of them were able to end abusive relationship. Moreover, they had to release resentfulness and build positive strategic coping by practicing mindfulness.
The results showed that the intention to obtain the HPV vaccination was significantly influenced by attitude, subjective norms, and perceived behavioral control. Knowledge, demographic, and personal history were found to be the most important factors influencing the intention of the women to get vaccinated.
The review revealed that community-based HTC interventions are effective in improving the uptake of HTC and some other secondary outcomes including social and behavioural outcomes. However, the study identified some methodological limitations that included the use of observational designs in most studies, the risk of bias (selection, performance, and/or detection bias), lack of expert validity in developing a rational conceptual framework, and lack of practical significance.
Results indicated a lower perception of preparedness and willingness for discharge by patients than by healthcare professionals. Five major themes were identified including physiological experiences, psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team, and family support. These themes influenced the readiness for discharge of THR patients.
The results of the study showed that there was a significant association between loss of lung function and cumulative respirable dust exposure. The risk is high among the workers who smoke cigarettes. The study also found that the workers with silicosis and smokers were at higher risk of respiratory health problems than the non-smokers. The results of spirometric analysis showed that the most common respiratory problems were bronchiolitis, bronchial asthma and pneumonia.
It was found that 83.0 percent of Thai respondents thought that the screening for medical conditions was somewhat or very important. It was also found that most patients perceived the importance of the screening, were willing to be screened, and agreed that screening for DM should be applicable in dental clinics.
All items and sub-items achieved consensus as either being at the most significant level and therefore, could be key indicators for neonatal nursing standards of practice for Cambodia.
The results showed that the adapted-for-purpose questionnaire was found to be valid and reliable in capturing urban HHEs among Malaysian households. It was also found that the reliability of the questionnaire was significantly higher than that of the original questionnaire.
The results showed that unilateral Swedish massage had a positive effect on the b wave activity. In addition, it was found that there was a decrease in the th power and a power of the brain waves measured by EEG. Moreover, there was an increase in the d wave activity, which indicated the relaxation-promoting effect of Swedish massage.
The results showed that the training program factors were as follows: providing administration and management for everyone, regardless of time and place, as of media and technologies fit in any way, establishing administration by collaboration and clearing house, supporting technical services both in the system and outside the system in academic administration, instituting stakeholder support system in the network of general administration, freedom in budget administration, especially in the information technology development, personnel administration with new management and information technology skills, and operating support resources management, including management cockpit, document, and URL web link, and using web technology applications.
It was found that both PM2.5 and PM10 concentrations in these two areas exceeded the WHO reference guideline value. The main cause of these results was mostly due to high traffic congestion (R2=0.63 and 0.60, respectively). According to the study, about 1,160 vehicles which consisted of 355 and 1,964 vehicles per hour, respectively, for residential and commercial area passed through every hour in the study area during the study period. Another important factor was that lack of green environment intensifies the dust pollution.
It was found out that there is a need for international collaboration in economic development and the development in other sectors of global economy, which refers to the collaboration ideas and other aspects of culture that improves economic well-being. There would be no country that would be able to pursue its development in isolation without inter-country collaboration.
The group with the supervised exercise program tended to change sedentary behavior in the longer term more than those who used the pedometer alone. Both groups showed decreases in systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Not only the intervention exercise program, but also individual characteristic factors were associated with blood pressure reduction. However, the group with a pedometer combined with supervised exercise training had a significantly larger reduction in blood pressure compared to the group without the intervention.
The results indicated that PFP, but not HHFIS, was associated with child's BMI. The mean BMI of boys and girls were not different, but girls had better eating behaviors as indicated by higher eating score than boys. Higher proportion of boys who had improper eating behaviors like eating fast with having a large portion was found when compared to girls. The results also indicated that the family's food insecurity affected the dimension of PFP.
It was found that older people in the northern communities of Thailand eat a wide variety of foodstuffs. The majority of older people eat fast foods, fast food, and fast food products. They also eat a variety of vegetables, fruits, legumes, meat, fish, and legumes. In addition, the majority of the older people are not familiar with the concept of healthy food. They are not aware of the importance of healthy foods, and they do not know how to prepare healthy foods. They do not have the knowledge and skills to make healthy food choices for themselves.
The paper argues that critical social science can be used as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis, and that it can be applied in a way that allows for the exploration of the conditions under which it occurs, in ways that puncture the myths that hitherto have been allowed to underpin it.
There is now an added imperative for research and researchers to come into their own and demonstrate their agility, flexibility and wisdom to use the crisis as an opportunity rather than a danger. Researchers across all disciplines will be called upon in the post-pandemic recovery phase to utilise every paradigm and research methodology at their disposal, and possibly some that do not currently exist, to address the massive social and scientific impacts of COVID-19.
The results of the study revealed that the competency matrix for the two core competencies of the optometry profession, namely, knowledge, skills and attitude (KSA) and applied optics, was developed using the modified Delphi technique. The study also found that the E-Delphi method as described here is one of the best alternatives available for transforming the curriculum in a scientific manner during a lockdown situation.
The authors argue that qualitative researchers should consider using their own first-hand experiences of navigating the pandemic as a rich source of data. In this methodologically unique and challenging time, instead of relying on others to study social reality, they could study society through themselves, delving further into the cultural and social impacts of the pand epidemic. CAE, in this regard, is deemed to be a useful, ethical and self-empowering research method.
Findings suggest that teachers' experiences of research with COVID-19 have been informed by a wider ideological narrative of disquiet, uncertainty and dis/ease with existing social structures that has crept in tandem with the spread of the pandemic. The exclamation mark has become the default punctuation when constructing personal, social and cultural narratives out of the "storm" and "stress" induced by the pandeline.
The paper finds that universities have a vital role to play in times of crisis. The first thing they can do is to provide practical assistance to those in the community who have been affected. During the bushfires, for example, La Trobe University offered financial and counselling assistance to students and staff who suffered bereavement or financial loss. The university also put its resources at the disposal of the community, making student accommodation on the Albury-Wodonga campus available to the police and visiting fire fighters from the US, so they had somewhere safe to stay. It also made its expertise available through national and international media.
- The virus breathing at the nape of our collective necks, we have exactly that...the uninvited narcissistic breath of COVID. The virus did not give us permission to go forward, indeed, we find ourselves floundering, even drowning in the inability to move ahead. For some, inertia has become a way of being; for others, we insist upon skyrocketing ahead into our changed lives. What matters now?
The results show that SI has influence on innovations in products and services in the northern companies in the RS, as it showed a close relationship between SI - PIS, with a R2 = 0.307, suggesting that organizations should invest in environmental actions, so that this is converted into innovative products and service. As discussed by Tidd (2001) and Prajogo (2016), punctuated innovations enable sustainable development by use of novel components as well as the improvement of basic production processes to produce a product.
The results indicate that Brazilian fans perform plays based on successful pop culture franchises as ludic prosumption in their fanvideos. The analysis of the data shows that the majority of plays are hedonic and autotelic in nature, and that they are performed for pure amusement and self-expression purposes. Moreover, the analysis shows that plays are produced and published by Brazilian fans in a participatory manner.
The results confirmed the relation between the environmental awareness dimensions influence and the intention to buy organic products that is also influenced according to the consumers' gender. In this case, it was verified, from the validation of a theoretical model, that there is a more positive effect and intensity in the organic product purchase by women.
The results of the study revealed that CSR has a significant impact on talent retention among Generation Y in the accounting profession in Malaysia. In addition, the study also found that the impact of CSR on employee retention is positive and significant. The findings also revealed that there is a significant relationship between CSR and employee retention.
The results show that social capital offline has a positive influence on entrepreneurs' social capital online and offline networking behavior. In addition, it is possible to observe some differences between offline and online networking behavior when it comes to accumulating social capital. On the one hand, offline social capital is found to be more important than online social capital in terms of the resources that entrepreneurs can access through face-to-face interactions. At the same time, online social media has a negative influence on the amount of social capital that entrepreneurs accumulate.
The results show that the attractiveness of discount rates, service quality, popularity, online brand image, online antecedent antecedents of word of mouth (WOM), trust and creativity have a positive effect on satisfaction and loyalty to online group buying sites.
The results of the analysis indicate that the scientific field of SHRM has diversified notably since seminal studies until the most recent developments identified. Furthermore, the authors observed more complex studies through the inclusion of new organizational variables, which are determinant to the better understanding of this search field according to Lengnick-Hall et al. (2009).
The results of the study indicate that the consumption of online pornography is a way to exercise female sexuality through the exercise of fantasy and discourse, which seems to be related to a more free female sexuality, considering that the sexual activity for women also presents a greater appreciation of sex-related products. In addition, it is possible to observe that the female consumption of pornography is related to the expression of fantasy, which is a process of self-expression and self-actualization.
The results show that automatic enrollment and employer match have a positive effect on the choice of DC pension plans. In addition, the authors find evidence of a positive relationship between the number of pension plans and the amount of savings. The authors also find evidence that the probability of choosing a DC pension plan is higher in the case of automatic enrollment.
The results show that the OLC of the companies that participated in the Edital de Inovacao para a Industria (Notice of Innovation for Industry) program was significantly higher than that of those that did not participate in the program. In addition, it was found that there was a significant difference in the level of OLC between the companies selected for the program and those that were not selected.
The metaphors present in the film facilitate the understanding of internal and external dynamics of organizations, proving to be an interesting and creative way for the teaching-learning process in management. Management shows a dynamics in the metaphors and analogies used in film language, awakening reflections and new dynamics. The concepts of freedom, teamwork, resilience and leadership styles are presented in a creative way, through the metaphors.
From this research, it was concluded that, at the moment, the cases studied show little adherence to LPD and APM concepts within their organizational context. When technical aspects of this low adherence were analyzed, the authors did not find technical reasons that would hamper the adoption of LPD or APM. On the other hand, the social dimension (obstacles concerning organizational culture and social relation established in the current organizational structures) stood out as the biggest barrier to its non-adoption. It was found that the context of the technical challenges faced by the studied companies did not differ from similar ones solved with the help of the proposed approach.
The results show that the honeycomb model can be used to understand how to increase engagement on Facebook. It was found that there are significant differences between males and females in the use of different SNS features and content. In addition, it was also found that the Facebook pages of the company's clients are different in terms of the content and frequency of information provided.
The results of the study show that companies that have been technology-based incubators have developed innovative capacity through the development of behaviors and routines, skills and processes and mechanisms of learning and knowledge governance that underpin the innovation development of the product, process and behavioral dimensions. These are fundamentally related to product, processes and behavioral innovations.
The results show that the presence of women in the board of directors (BD) and in positions of the executive board (EB) has a marginal influence on the level and nature of the decisions concerning the distribution of dividends in Brazilian companies. Moreover, the results indicate that the female participation in deliberative bodies can reflect aspects of the decision-making process in management, reaching elements explicitly related to dividend policy.
The results of the case study show that the proposed procedure structuring method can be applied successfully in the aircraft maintenance process. In addition, the application of the proposed method can help to reduce the total downtime of maintenance activities in order to increase the aircraft availability and reduce the cost of maintenance.
The results indicate that the most important factors considered by teenagers when purchasing a family car are the features of the car, the price, the quality of the vehicle, the availability of the automobile, the car's features, the value of the family and the price. The study also indicates practical and academic reasons for the decision to buy the car.
The automation of the collection and organization of the patent information demonstrates that researchers, as well as any member of society, interested in knowing and/or evaluating technical information present in patent documents, can have access to new technologies. Furthermore, there is, currently, an enormous amount of underutilized data in the databases that make a manual search of these documents nearly impossible, which justifies the use of mining data tools, such as Patent2net. Thus, information related to patents, previously deposited only in the deep web, becomes easily accessible in dynamic search interfaces available on the surface web.
The results show that urban resilience is positively related to economic, social and environmental well-being in smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo. In addition, it is found that the relationship between urban resilience and sustainable urban development policies is positive and significant, with a positive impact on economic and social well- being.
The results of the study revealed that learning capability fully mediates the relationship between technological capability, relational capability and firms' performance. In addition, learning capability was found to play a mediating role in the relationship of technological capability and relational capability on the performance of SMEs firms.
There is a great potential in the Brazilian passenger market for the entrance of low-cost bus companies. The only question is just when it is the right time to enter that market. Most of the negative points presented for the entry of a low- cost company are related to the current economical and political crisis in Brazil. Other negative points are strictly related to a previous market model in Brazil, which granted many advantages to air carriers, while bus companies were stagnated in a concession-based model.
From the six items analyzed within the technology segment, the following conclusions could be drawn. First, population broadband access, which is a barrier to platform growth and expansion, is essential for scaling operations; moreover, this aspect is directly related to the socio-cultural segment of the general environment, that is, people's trust and greater acceptance of crowdfunding. Thus, this technological aspect cannot be dissociated from other cultural aspects, which implies considerable marketing investments by the platforms. Second, the use of data analysis is a strong trend for the improvement of practices, while exploring the social context through which sharing of practices manifests itself.
The results show that companies with prior participation of VC/PE funds have less underpricing of IPO shares compared to those without such participation. The greater the participation of these funds in these companies' capital, the less the underprices of their IPO shares.
The results show that the IMP of the FAZ Program has met the Pro-Inova goals, and that the results generated by the program have increased the companies' innovation management capacity, and consequently the innovations' success.
The results show that the innovation value chain in strategic projects of the Brazilian Army is composed of three main phases: development, implementation and commercialization. In the first phase, the authors found that there is a high level of collaboration among the projects' partners, which is based on the common features of the projects. The second phase of the value chain is characterized by the development and implementation of the project's technology, and the third phase by the commercialization of the technology. The authors also found that in the last phase, there is the creation of a new innovation ecosystem, in which the projects are integrated into the national defense system.
The results show that the lean method can be applied in a small company, but it does not apply in the same way as in large companies. The main reason for this is the lack of knowledge about the subject in small companies, and the need to be aware of the limitations of the lean concept in this context.
Results indicated that emotional value, economic value, social value, trust and the sensory attribute affect purchase intention. The first was the strongest predictor, and the last emerged as a negative an unexpected result.
The authors identify 12 taxonomies of PPS approaches and identify the main characteristics of these approaches according to the degree of innovation level. The authors also identify which approaches are more suitable for radical innovation projects and what aspects are crucial to manage radical innovation portfolios.
The results of the bibliometric analysis showed that the sharing economy field is still in the initial stage of research, and the majority of the articles were published in English, mainly in the USA and the UK. In addition, the co-authoring analyses performed with the support of VOSviewer(c) showed a large number of clusters, each containing few authors. From these discussions, it was possible to observe that the dispersions of authors and journals identified in the database corroborated, respectively, the precepts of Lotke and Bradford. The sociometric analysis enabled the identification of the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field, as well as international aspects of research in this field.
The results show that the cultural dimension of individualism-collectivism (I-C) has a positive impact on consumers' evaluation of store image and satisfaction, which, in turn, have a positive effect on purchase intention at supermarkets. On the other hand, store image has a negative impact on satisfaction, but it does not affect purchase intention directly.
Based on that review, the paper presents an agenda for future management studies, suggesting works in several managerial areas which may be influenced by traits of the Brazilian personality. Based on the review, it was found that the main traits of Brazilian personality that emerged from the literature in the systematic review are cordiality, hospitality, generosity, aversion to ritualism and coexistence without over-politeness.
The results show that the growth stocks create greater value to shareholders because they grow at a high rate than the value stocks. Also, the authors find that the duration-based explanation is not a valid argument for the value premium. The authors also find evidence that the B/M ratio is a predictor of the levels of profitability, changes in profitability and dividends growth rate.
Based on the interviewees' responses, the most relevant SC risks with greater impact on the company are those that may cause some type of interruption in the production line. The use of the impact and probability matrix, adapted from Thun & Hoenig (2011), shows that the most significant risks are related to rupture and operational ones.
In general, the results showed that the adoption of sustainable innovation practices is related to business performance, since the authors found positive associations between dependent and independent variables. The authors also observed significant differences of means for the following variables: integration with local communities and other stakeholders to generate social and environmental benefits; mechanisms of interaction with stakeholders; practices to reduce emissions in the supply chain; PSS that seeks to create alternatives for product replacement by PSS; sustainable practices to ensure stakeholders' well-being; and production systems and selected suppliers to provide environmental and social benefits.
The results show that time pressure and multiplicity of options have a negative effect on the purchase delay of hedonic and utilitarian products and that the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) has a moderating role in the relationship between the interaction and the delay of the purchase.
The findings show that the coaching process is a complex process, and that HR professionals and departments need to be more aware of this process when hiring coaching services. HR departments should be more active and in line with business strategy and results, since coaching has been adopted as a management philosophy and not a specific development action in organizations.
The results show that the main reasons that lead people to become Uber drivers are economic, social, social and cultural. The authors also found that the drivers are motivated to work as Uber drivers because of the economic and social reasons that they have to work in the SE and because they feel a sense of belonging to the SE. In addition, they are motivated by the social and psychological reasons that make it possible to become an Uber driver.
The study verified if and how the specific issues of workers age 50 and over are dealt with in the individual hiring for work, but encountered limitations based on the limited nature of the data presented. In particular, the information presented is only representative of its own group and thus is limited to the private sector. Although this cannot be generalized, it offers support for reflections on the subject.
The results show that the tool is capable of generating input lists for Scriptsucupira, making data collection more efficient, and providing information to support managers, subsidizing educational projects focused on the HEI management. In addition, it is possible to use the tool to support the management of SS-GP.
The results show that the spirit of initiative and identification with the organization have a positive effect on IT governance effectiveness perception. The results also show that organizational citizenship behavior (OCB) has a positive impact on the perception of ITG effectiveness through the dimensions of OCB. In addition, the findings show that OCB has a negative effect on the perceived effectiveness of IT governance.
The findings show that the meanings attributed to sustainability in the strategic decision-making process differ from those attributed to the company's strategic framework, and that there is a lack of coherence and consistency in terms of what is considered sustainable. In addition, it was found that there are significant discrepancies between the meanings ascribed to the strategic framework and the meaning attributed to organizational sustainability.
The results show that the implementation of CE practices in the Brazilian network is still at an early stage, and the main barriers to its implementation are related to the lack of structure and training, as well as a lack of public policies and infrastructures that facilitate the materiality flows.
The results of the case studies show the importance of the following factors: strategy, resources, infrastructure, reach, reach and development. They influence how the university prioritizes the incentive to entrepreneurship and helps to identify what needs to be done in order to the university achieve the title of "entrepreneurial university."
It was possible to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception by the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model developed in the systematic review of literature. It is possible to observe a positive development of society with the implementation of the smart cities project, because it provides conditions for citizens to become more inclusive in the city.
The results show that traditional career theories are not enough to explain the impact of new technologies on the labor market, based on automation and the replacement of people by IT systems. On the other hand, the approach to intelligent career competencies can help young professionals cope with these transformations. Even with this finding, there is sparse concern about the topic of technology, as we can observe from the failure to confirm H1.
The results show that LSQ mediates the relationship between LC and CS with companies in the lubricating oil business. In addition, the results show the importance of LSQ as a mediating factor in the relation between logistics capabilities and CS.
The authors found that 58.4 percent of companies do not have any preference for business administrators or production engineers when hiring someone to perform operations management activities. However, manufacturing companies still tend to opt for engineers more frequently (40.7 percent) than service companies (13.8 percent). The authors also found that 69 percent of the vacancies do not require advanced knowledge of English, which could be a reflection of the low degree of integration in global supply chains by many companies.
Main findings indicate that quantitative researches on DCs have focused on the contexts of innovation, knowledge (other related aspects of knowledge such as absorptive capacity and organizational learning), strategic alliance, relationship with stakeholders (partners, customers, suppliers), organizational capacity and brand. Findings also show that the initiatives to measure DCs are very recent: out of the 42 analyzed instruments, 38 were published in the 2010's. Regarding the reliability and validity of the scales, results indicate that the majority of quantitative studies have not accomplished all recommended steps for scale development. The majority focused more on the amount of the sampling data than on building an accurate and reliable instrument to measure the object of study.
The results show that a set of indicators that covers the main aspects of sustainability performance can be useful for industrial companies' management, according to the TBL approach. Within the economic dimension, on-time delivery, number of customer complaints and survey of customer satisfaction are typical indicators related to the firm's value proposition and emphasise the importance of the client as a major stakeholder for companies in the industrial sector. On the other hand, materials efficiency variance, rate of material scrap loss and labour efficiency variance are economic indicators directly related with the efficiency of the industrial process and may have a high impact on firm's economic performance. In the environmental dimension, the indicators materials, energy and water are the ones that have the highest priority on the measurement of production costs. Other indicators such as emissions, environmental aspects of products and services, environmental compliance, and general environmental issues are also typical in industrial process. Finally, biodiversity has been considered as a relevant issue for companies.
Through the analysis of the studies, the main reason of the manifestation of workaround behavior is the users' dissatisfaction with the limitations in the utilization of systems, corroborated by Laumer et al. (2017). Through the literature review, it was identified that workaround behavior has more negative consequences for the organization than for the users, because the workaround behavior can have different results for the employees and for the organizations.
The results of the study reveal the factors that can boost or block innovation in small enterprises in the metal-mechanical industry in Brazil. The lack of strategic planning of R&D activities and the lack of resources to fund internal research and development activities are the main factors that hinder innovation in Brazilian small businesses in this industry.
The comparative results presented show the importance of creating the INCTs for Brazilian scientific and technological development by giving rise to institutes with their own structures and coordination that integrate the most renowned researchers of important fields in the country, as well as fostering integration with companies and, thus, transferring technology, innovation and development in our country. These characteristics refer to the structural dimension, identified in the present study, which is consistent with the guidelines on IN CTs from CNPq and MCTI.
The results of the systematic literature review indicate that there is a lack of consensus on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The majority of the studies focus on the influence of these agencies on the practices of qualifying managers, while the majority of studies do not take into account the context in which accreditation takes place. The findings also indicate that the institutional theory of institutionalization is used as a theoretical framework to explain the relationship between accreditation and BS.
It was observed that in recent years, there has been a substantial increase in the number of publications using SEM, which indicates its acceptance and dissemination in the scientific community in the field of administration in Brazil. The predominance of such publications is in the area of marketing although the use of the technique is increasing in other areas. The search resulted in a large number of authors, which can be seen as positive and indicate an interest in the technique, although many of these authors have few publications. When it comes to the institutions, however, there is a certain degree of concentration in the publications. The expectation is that the dissemination of SEM leads to a change in this picture with a higher number of publication per author and a lower concentration of institutions the authors are affiliated with.
The results show the formation of cohesive clusters among the programs, identifying a series of similarities between the components of each cluster. The age and number of lines of research of the programs were the determining variables in the identification of isomorphicism among the groups. The consequence of isomorphism is the uniformity of the behavior of managers when it comes to accepting and assimilating institutional norms. In the field of post-graduation, regulation is driver and directly reflects the performance of programs.
The results show that the illusion of control (OCI) is a barrier to collective environmental scanning processes in organizations, as it hinders the ability to anticipate threats and opportunities that may affect the business environment. However, it is also found that there are two alternatives for environmental scanning as a collective process. The first alternative is informal and proactive, done by company executives, which are attentive to external information. The second alternative is formalized, and it is done by executives, who are responsible for carrying out environmental scanning in organizations.
The overall analysis of consumers' associations relating to Apple, Facebook and Amazon brands supports the conclusion that there is a proximity between the associations observed in the literature and those of consumers of different countries about these three brands. This proximity is much more relevant in the case of clusters, as shown in Table XII. The consistency of results in the analyzed brands is significantly higher for word associations - that is, are more similar - than in the sentences which Mark and Pearson (2001) used to characterize the different archetypes. The authors found the biggest differences in Facebook and Apple brands, while for Apple the consistence of perceptions is significant.
The results of this study confirm PBL's contribution to student learning through the integration of students' cognitive, behavioral and social dimensions, fostering closer integration with the context of professional activity. The development of a framework for the dissemination of the PBL strategy reinforces the uniqueness and contribution of this paper as an innovative teaching strategy, as well as an opportunity to reflect on the implications of using PBL in the education of students in a management program.
The results show that the USA and Germany are ahead of Brazil in the development of advanced manufacturing. However, there is still room for improvement, especially in Brazil's case, given the fact that it is a developing country with a low level of manufacturing activity.
The results show that reputation, trust, information quality, perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, perceived transaction safety, social commerce components and product delivery are the main factors that influence consumers' participation in social commerce. In addition, the association between consumer's profiles and characteristics of the products purchased or searched or purchased on the internet, as well as with a higher or lower use of comments and online ratings and online participation in online forums and communities, are identified.
The results show that PMOs have a moderating effect on the relationship between project management and fundraising. PMO performance is positively related to the fundraising performance of NGOs' projects, and this relationship is moderated by the number of PMOs.
The paper argues about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation, as described below.
The findings show that the Federal Public Institution's system of sustainable shared procurement established a new governance model, applying the concept of sustainability throughout the life cycle. This model is a kind of compass, so that workers and units involved in contracting can act in a systemic and integrated way, in order to optimize human, logistical and budgetary resources, among others. This procurement model requires the effort of several teams and units of the institution, which effectively participated in the Technical Group for Shared Purchases (GTCC), involving all state/regional secretaries and units' management coordinators.
It was found that, despite the systematic decrease in performance - lower than what formal planning established and what the market competitors had been obtaining - the company has a recurrent pattern of maintenance of strategic decisions. Contrary to what might be expected, the negative results did not lead to changes in strategic decisions established in formal plans. Maintaining strategic initiatives, which continued throughout this period, is related to the formalization and routinization of the SP model in the company. However, many of the factors that make a system reproducible also make it reproducible.
The paper identifies the most comprehensive definition that can be operationalized for measurement purposes. In addition, it discusses the features of national and international corporate reputation ratings, in the face of the scientific production related to the subject.
From the analysis of the data collectively collected, it was realized that work cannot be seen from a single perspective, but it must be seen in its multifaceted character and sense. It was important to analyze that several perspectives, as well as to give the respondents, through alternative answers on the several items, an extension of the ways to understand the sense of work. The items in the questionnaire allowed looking at the senses of work from the physiological perspective and so think how much important for work is the "biological machine." The legal dimension appeared important to respondents, despite the growing awareness of the loss of labor rights in Brazil. The cultural dimension was relevant to people, with regard to the status of the profession, to perceptions about aging, the gender of labor and other aspects socially defined and reproduced.
The results of the present research suggest that six variables are correlated negatively with turnover intention, but with different intensities. They are "organizational commitment," "affective and normative dimensions," "job satisfaction," "the dimension satisfaction with the salary," "dimension satisfaction with promotions" and "dimension with the nature of the job," whereas among demographic variables, only the age is negatively correlated with the intention to leave. Two dimensions of the organizational commitment were the ones that presented a bigger negative correlation with the turnover intention in the entire study, which is even bigger than the ones of job satisfaction. The affective commitment was the most significant (-0.462) followed by the normative commitment (-0325). The multiple regression realized among the three dimensions of organizational commitment and turnover intention even elaborates these findings.
The paper argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations. In fact, members of this cohort generally gather meaningful knowledge and extremely important experience to organizations achieve better results, as well as helping to hone young talents. Such an expertise may be regarded as a kind of wisdom capital and, as such, it must be appropriately utilized in favor of the future of companies.
The results of the Q-sort method indicate that the scale is valid and reliable. It is possible to identify the main indicators that reflect the social practices related to the area of safety, health and well-being of the worker in the manufacturing sector in Brazil.
The DIM-ICE risk model was used to compare operational situations during so-called "normal" and then "emergency" conditions for each phase and aspect of proceedings to fully scope out crowd dynamics at an event. In addition, it was found that the model can be used as a tool for place management practitioners to understand the dynamics of crowd behaviour in crowded places. The model was found to be a useful tool in identifying the root causes of crowd disasters and incidents.
There is a growing focus on micro-mobility schemes at tourism destinations to address intractable urban problems caused by increased private car-use. There is also a growing body of literature on the walkability of tourist cities (Ujang and Muslim, 2014; Gorrini and Bertini, 2018). It is therefore pertinent to assess where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase the use of micromobilities.
The authors draw the conclusion that emerging actor networks fit very well within the current time frame, being dominated by debates amongst others on overtourism and value over volume. Regarding the future of tourism destination development, the authors estimate that establishing productive actor networks will gain importance and will emerge more and more on the political and policy agendas. In practice, an ambition to build actor networks may face endless barriers in terms of urgency, opportunity, capacity, motivation and leadership.
The platforms are new operators for the distribution of film and television content. As original creators of cinematographic works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractiveness of destinations and enabling tourism to take place in the identified territories. The authors identify two significant differences that question the traditional scope of film-induced tourism. First, the distribution by platforms allows a vast number of users to follow the release of films or series. Second, the control of content by the platforms allows, through user data and algorithms, to understand consumption habits.
The paper argues that the flight shaming movement is a manifestation of eco-anxiety, a term which describes the various difficult emotions and mental states induced by environmental conditions and knowledge about them. It is argued that this anxiety is not unexpected or irrational, while others dismiss it as the result of misinformation. However, it is clear from the movement that some people are at least rethinking their travel behaviour.
The aesthetics and ethics of SFT is one of slow (in all spaces and places, urban and rural), sustainable and secure futures, empowering a healthy citizen democracy for planetary sustainability and reclaiming the local. A slow food ethic supports degrowth and provisioning through small-scale producers and alternative economies, promoting "virtuous globalization" as the slow movement advocates, facilitating gender equality, sustainable livelihoods and well-being - individual and communal.
Urban culture can aid spreading seasonality by attracting tourists outside the listed events. Artistic expressions such as murals and street art in both Heerlen and Eindhoven attract visitors, photographers, artists, athletes and dancers from all over the world all year round. However, incorporating urban culture into the veins of a city needs careful planning. Because the urban arts events draw international crowds, it is of the utmost importance that locals do not feel disfranchised. Involving locals at an early stage is imperative for invoking feelings of ownership.
The results show that e-mindfulness is a growing trend in the tourism industry and that it has the potential to change consumers' perspective on their tourism experiences. In particular, it is evident that it can facilitate tourists' connections to the present moment, which in turn can lead to a more positive attitude towards the tourism experience.
The space-out moment is a new form of urban wellness tourism. It is an opportunity to escape from the daily routine and escape from stress in an urban context. It offers a unique opportunity to enjoy free time in busy cities. It also offers a new opportunity to explore the relationship between wellness tourism and urban life. In addition, it offers an interesting opportunity to study the demographic characteristics and behaviors of wellness tourists.
It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism. However, the drivers discussed here indicate that the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual. The key premise of the ideas presented here is that "solo tourism" as a concept will continue to fragment. The individual motivations, behaviour and experience of the individual will depend on a range of internal and external factors.
Big data and analytics are playing a crucial role in digital transformation efforts of organisations in general and in the tourism and hospitality industry, thus driving greater effectiveness and efficiency and the strategy to define new business models and bring about successful change. However, all these technological developments have subsequent implications for personal privacy and for subsequent data governance frameworks that tourism organisations need to develop and implement to ensure competitive and ethical business practices. The use of data is viewed as a disruptive innovation that allows organisations in the industry to facilitate personalisation, offer convenience, save costs and overall gain competitive advantage.
The authors find that the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices. The authors conclude that service automation is likely the best solution but will likely leave behind some serious externalities that policymakers will have to contend with.
Based on the results of this study, the authors suggest the following futuristic approaches for MSPs for TAs and GDSs: switching from a centralized model into a decentralized model, in which bookings, reservations and transactions would not be handled by the MSP in a centralized manner; adopting a hybrid model, where bookings and reservations would be handled in a decentralized manner; and adopting a new distribution capability (NDC) for the travel industry, which would allow them to reacquire their deteriorating market shares and increase their sales.
Higher development of ICT in these countries was found to be positively correlated with demand-side tourism specialisation and sustainability indicators. Higher tourism demand was correlated with higher economic growth, but it was simultaneously associated with higher emissions. A country more dependent on tourism for its total output performed well on the environmental front but failed to do so on the economic front. This suggests a need for complementary growth of other industries, which can be smartly aided by ICT development. Also, protection of terrestrial and marine resources did not affect the arrival of tourists. It, however, was negatively correlated with dependence on tourism sector for the total output. Higher protection also led to higher GDP per capita as a result of the development of other sectors.
The paper finds that natural smellscapes are on the rise as a means of experiencing parks and protected areas, yet they have received little attention from park and protected area tourism practitioners, despite their importance to the ecological integrity and visitor experience of national parks. This paper argues that the time has come to change the tide.
The findings of this paper show that BI helps tourism firms to assess their business environment within the framework of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes (1997) in order to be competitive in the industry. BI information can be sourced from among others, business publications, news media, academic studies, trade shows, suppliers, customers, employees from other businesses and general business "rumors" provided by people.
The findings of this paper suggest that the health and wellbeing of the host community is a key driver of the economic, social and cultural capital of the destination and the community as a whole. The findings also suggest that tourism has a positive impact on the social capital of host communities.
The results indicate that the IPA technique can be used to identify the attributes that are most important to visitors regarding their experience of marine wildlife tourism, and to assess the performance of those attributes with respect to how well those attributes are meeting visitor expectations regarding their wildlife tourism experience.
In today's globalized world, risks and challenges have increased with ease of travel and faster movement of goods, finance, knowledge and diseases. People are on the move, including workers, economic migrants, climate refugees and tourists. International tourism continues to grow. In 2019, international tourist arrivals rose to 1.5 billion, representing the tenth year of consecutive growth (UNWTO 2020). By 2030, 1.8 billion people are forecasted to be traveling internationally (UN News, 2017). Even more than before, governments and tourism industry stakeholders need to consider the costs and impacts of global environmental dangers on travel and tourism.
The study finds that tourists' experiences of crossing the Arctic Circle in Rovaniemi are mainly based on their experiences of the Arctic as a destination. The Arctic is portrayed as a "magical" region that is seen as an inescapable ritual when visiting the city for the first time. The study also finds that the Arctic is represented as a place where tourists stop, take photos and sometimes shop. In addition, the study shows that tourists use AR and virtual reality (VR) to enhance their experiences in the Arctic.
The paper introduces the term "collaborative configuration" to further nuance the emerging collaborative practices occurring in the workshop. These collaborative configurations are considered specifications of how collaboration unfolds in different ways. Despite being uncontrolled and unintended by the organizers, the emerging practices interconnect and form collaborative configurations that can be specified as positioning, coordination, networking and cooperation. They exemplify how collaboration often results from different intentions and carries different meanings for different actors. The paper also unfolds how these diverse and yet interconnected practices simultaneously inspire and challenge new possible futures of tourism planning and development in the Greenlandic context.
The results show that the tourism actors in the destination Yllas have divergent views and desires concerning sustainability in the context of tourism development. The main focus of the tourism industry is on the economic development of the destination and the development of tourism as a means to support the regional economic development and local well-being. At the same time, however, there is a lack of consensus on the meaning of sustainability, which is the result of diverse perceptions of tourism within a continuum of two world views.
The findings suggest that cultural centres can be used to foster host-guest interaction, but that this is not always the case. Different stakeholders use the same cultural centre for different purposes, and different purposes have a way of using it in different ways.
The analysis reveals that the Sourtoe Cocktail is not a typical example of "Arctic tourism," and that its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative trends in tourism in the Arctic. The deconstruction of this case complements recent developments around the concept of " Arctification."
The authors examine how the militarization of the north through large infrastructural projects like the Alaskan Highway, the Aleutian Campaign and internment camps irrevocably transformed the north. The authors also examine how memories of these events are interpreted and integrated (or not) into Canadian commemorative processes.
The paper suggests a comparative case study in relation to the already existing large resort-based ski destinations in Arctic Finland. In the light of these parameters, future research should, first, assess natural and technical snow reliability of existing and all potential ski areas in Sweden and within its competitive set extending to all the Nordics and the Alps, then, incorporate adaptive capacities of the suppliers but especially the likely substitution tendencies of the consumers, and finally, evaluate the overall situation in terms of the regional development needs.
Citizen science can be used to enhance the visitor experience of polar expedition cruise tourism by providing tourists with a deeper understanding of the environment they are visiting and a fuller sense of place. It can also serve as a means of contributing to the "public good" through scientific data collection.
This paper offers original ideas exploring a potential future cannabis industry in the UK. The paper explores a potential strategy in which the UK could integrate cannabis across the country, to encourage tourists to travel to less visited towns and cities. It presents an idea in which UK Government could produce, distribute and control the industry. The proposed idea presents a scheme in which The UK could encourage regional tourism through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme.
The paper presents a conceptual framework that identifies the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and uses stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. The findings suggest that advances in ICT are likely to change the way tourists contact and interact with suppliers.
Three different tourist groups have emerged among visitors from Switzerland. All groups are price-driven to some extent in their behavior, but at least one group combines shopping with recreational activities. Shopping tourists combine their stay with leisure activities for an overall tourist experience. From a mobile application to be used for visitor management, users expect time savings through enhanced personal mobility in terms of real-time data on parking possibilities, traffic situation or high number of visitors/queues.
The results of the study show that the most important variables for systematic analysis of tourism impacts are economic, sociocultural and environmental impacts. In addition, it was found that there is a positive and negative impact of tourism on the environment, culture and economy of host communities.
The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation. The desire for new and enriching experiences is growing exponentially and those providers that deliver experiential value beyond basic function will be particularly successful. Experience-hungry tourists will actively seek experiences that offer new skill acquisition, have a sense of purpose and are associated with aspirational value. Sampling new, unique and aspirational experiences provides consumers with the opportunity to develop new skills, acquire new knowledge and thus boosts their share of social and cultural capital.
Three future directions for technological mediation in experiential tourism have been identified and considered to encourage conversations into the future of technological mediation. These directions are mass acceptance and customisation, experientian convergence and experientially blurring of the physical and virtual tourism experience.
The study provides a theoretical model of Generation Z travel experiences in which emphasis is shifted from the destination to the traveller. The study goes back to more of the roots of generational theory in sociology and psychology. In this regard, three factors are considered as shaping Generation Z experiences as shown in the theoretical model: immediate influences (forces) including family, friends, events in the home country, and events offered in the country.
The findings reveal that Chinese millennials' motivations for participating in adventure tourism are primarily experiential and transformative in nature. They seek unique, fun and meaningful experiences, and are increasingly willing to try out new and adventurous activities. They are also willing to travel for longer, stay away for longer and visit new destinations. They regard their mountain bike experiences along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway as memorable. However, they do not consider their experiences to be transformative.
This paper positions experience as an immersive process that was documented through student reflections of place involving the intricacies of embodied learning through experiential mobility. It goes beyond the mere post-destination dissemination of experience made easily accessible by tools such as Instagram. As much as the "social" in social media is important in terms of connectivity, self-worth and reputation, what is seminal here is the engagement of self through experience and the reflection of experiences as part of the "experience." Hence, the transformative experiences of reflection in situ as opposed to a linear post-trip representation of experience may be insightful for tourism practitioners dealing with a tourism of the future.
The paper presents and discusses a futuristic scenario about the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations (UN) "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development". It elaborates on the transformative potential of tourism experiences and their transformative potential for overcoming the challenges of imagining and, even more, for implementing the changes needed for a better future.
The findings suggest that Airbnb guests are more likely to experience transformative experiences via Airbnb than host communities. However, host communities are also more likely than Airbnb guests to experience transformational experiences. In addition, Airbnb guests' perceptions of the host communities' ability to transform their experiences are significantly higher than those of Airbnb guests.
The ULF concept has a practical origin as it derived from critical observation and anticipation of the evolution of leisure initiatives developing nowadays in European urban areas as well as from the need to find a scientific framework to explain this phenomenon. Therefore, its potential is possible after the verification of its reference to the models and theories described as its theoretical and conceptual framework.
Both the Pitcher & Piano and the Malmaison offer spaces that are differentiated from the mainstream hospitality product by virtue of their former uses, and unique architectural characteristics. Before being converted into hospitality spaces both buildings were disused, were falling into disrepair and were on the Historic England at risk register. What these two buildings demonstrate is how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish.
The results of the study revealed that the most important motives for youth tourism in Ghana are education and familiarity with the country's heritage, followed by the desire to experience other cultures, build life experiences and benefit from formal and informal learning opportunities outside one's usual environment. Satisfaction was found to be the strongest predictor of behavioural intentions of youth tourists.
The results of the study indicate that the brand attributes of experiential brand traits and emotional brand traits have a significant impact on the behavioral outcomes of customers in the hospitality industry in emerging economies like India. Moreover, the findings of this study suggest that the emotional brand trait has a significant effect on behavioral outcomes such as word-of-mouth (WOM) and word of mouth (WEB) behavior.
The authors found that for a future proof region, a strategic vision and leadership are needed, close collaboration between stakeholders is crucial and the tourism financing system needs to be fair. Also, seasonal extension can reduce vulnerability of a destination and that using resources sustainably and in a circular way can help benefit sustainable tourism. Finally, the authors observed that when keep up with future changes the job is never done: once a front runner is no guarantee to remain a front runners. Therefore, from a futures perspective this means that continuous innovation is needed.
The findings of the study suggest that SM usage for outbound leisure travel is positively influenced by perceived social capital (SC), perceived trust (PT), perceived enjoyment (PE) and perceived ease of use (PEU) in conjunction with trust and PEU for leisure travellers. The findings also suggest that PEU and trust have a significant impact on PEU, whereas PEU has a significant effect on PE.
The results of the study revealed that the perceived service quality of the hotel industry in Malaysia was found to be positively related to customer satisfaction. It was also found that there is a significant relationship between the perceived quality of service and customer satisfaction in the context of the Malaysian hotel industry.
There are many methods and models developed to forecast the demand for the tourism and passenger transportation industry. The most commonly used methods in the literature are chosen and their latest developments are reviewed. These methods range from less computationally expensive ones such as regression models to more sophisticated approaches such as artificial neural networks (ANNs) and support vector machines (SVM). Several examples where a method has outperformed the others are provided to show that no single method can universally be preferred over the others.
Las Vegas' transformation from local watering hole to world renowned fame can be attributed to a series of turning points in its history, with influencers ranging from geology, government, organized crime, entertainers, the economy, business visionaries and large corporations. Reflecting upon these turning points, the external forces and their likelihood of reoccurring are used as the underlying reasoning, signposts from the past, to make predictions on potential future states.
This paper finds that backpacking's future can be found in its drifter past, but not the one idealised by Cohen or in codified criteria. Drifter tourism is backpackers past, and its future as the countercultural imagination and the motivation to escape continues to drive contemporary backpacking. It is they who will inevitably modify and change backpacking over time as people, structures and contexts change.
The authors identify three critical turning points in the history of airline distribution. First, the emergence of the Sabre GDS in the early 1990s. Second, the introduction of Direct Connects by American Airlines in 2011. Third, IATA NDC in 2018. The authors argue that NDC is the most important change in the airline distribution landscape in the last decade.
Economic prosperity and improved connectivity are likely to remain the underlying drivers of tourism growth over the next decade. Shocks and crisis will still temporarily affect tourism development, but the long-term trend will remain steadily upwards, as increasing affluence in well-populated world areas will feed a far from exhausted demand for travel, and technology will keep driving innovation. If global volumes increase, their distribution across world regions is going to change. Led by emerging economies, domestic and intra-regional travel is expected to be the most relevant form of travel for the future decade and the following period. This will bring the diversification process further, with the proliferation and development of new destinations leading to increased competitiveness coupled with challenges to sustainable development, whose principles might be more difficult to observe in developing economies.
Haiti has been branded as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination. It is also known worldwide as the "Pearl of the Antilles" and as the first black republic in the world. However, the country is branded as politically unstable, disorganised, very poor and unsafe. With its negative image, it is very difficult for Haiti to develop a sustainable tourism industry.
The four factors, transformation of value orientations, seeking immortality, interest in suburbs and migration, functioned together and contributed to the emergence of nature tourism in the third and fourth centuries in imperial China.
While cruise tourism is and remains an emerging market in Iran, it is evident that the country has a vested interest in developing this lucrative sector due to the country's strong domestic, and steadily growing international market. Iran has a long way to go until it can match other more well-established cruise tourism destinations, for example, Europe and the Caribbean.
The results show that the EU-15 member countries' tourism export earnings are expected to grow at an annual average rate of +3.3 percent from 2013 to 2017, which is in line with expert forecasts for the global economy for the years 2013-2017. However, the expected growth in global tourist income is not expected to materialize in the evolution of tourism demand for, and relative destination price of, theEU-15 compared to its global competitors. In other words, it is not sufficient for the comparably less price-competitive and politically and macroeconomically distressed member countries to rely on the expected increases in tourist income to ensure they can continue generating sufficient export earnings from international tourists in the future to, at least, defend their market share in the global travel market.
The results show that there is a significant correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the holiday system were also discussed.
Fitness landscapes can be used to visualize the development of complex adaptive systems as the stepwise movement through a dynamic landscape with peaks and valleys. Fitness landscapes are used primarily as a metaphor, being "vehicles for the transfer of concepts, ideas and concepts from one domain to another" (Chettarambambi, 2006, p. 74, also see Mehmood, 2010).
The paper finds that imprecision and vagueness of the future is both realistic and useful, as it encourages students to search, define and negotiate their own understanding of the problem. Thus, the teacher is more of a facilitator than a traditional teacher. What is important is giving the students appropriate frameworks so that they can solve the problem, e.g. mind maps, rich pictures or scenario planning matrices. The power of group learning and study should not be underestimated.
The results indicate that Millennials and post-Millennials are more aware of the importance of authenticity and authenticity in the tourism experience. They are more conscious and independent and see the tourist experience as a useful tool for the construction of their identities. They have new social needs that "holidays" are expected to satisfy. Holidays are no longer solely considered as an escape from daily routine, or solely as leisure time. Instead, they are high-value activities that contribute to the development of the identity of social actors.
"YFMs", in comparison to "PMs," were far more motivated to travel in order to engage in exploration, education, novelty, hedonic interests, and visiting friends and family. Additionally, the findings suggest that millennial subgroups have significantly divergent travel motivations, as the motivational profiles of "YF Ms" were starkly different than the motivational profile of "PMMs."
The results show that young tourists with a biospheric value orientation associate travel with being in contact with nature. The meaning that they give to travel is found to be related to the travel experience. The results also show that there are clusters of young tourists that can be targeted both now and in the future by tourism organisations.
The case of Seoul shows that Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. They are already forming their preferences and tastes, forming preferences and preferences for new online travel services, and they are becoming entrepreneurs and creators of new travel services.
The main findings of the study are as follows: first, there is an increasing understanding that Millennials are an important piece of the market with particular consumer behaviour patterns, and some travel businesses seem to have just awaken to that. In hospitality, while some hotel chains are doing efforts to catch the Millennials' attention by redefining brands, adapting services and technologies, for hostels, known as youth lodging by essence, to please Millennials seem to be an accomplished goal. Many of the contemporary hostels are leaving the low-budget/low-quality stigma behind, redefining so as to redefine as good value for money, which offers a comfortable stay in a social environment.
Two types of travel arrangements emerged from the tourism experiences explored: alone or with parents. This generation apprehends the concept of sustainable tourism through its own tourist practices and through its use of social networks. However, it is not clear whether it is sensitive to the notion of sustainability.
The findings suggest that the need for uniqueness (NFU) and opinion leadership (OL) have a significant impact on the propensity to share travel experiences in social media during a trip, while reflected appraisal of self (RAS) does not. The findings also suggest that there are significant differences in the drivers of eWOM between young consumers in three different countries.
The authors propose that geocaching as a pastime, which appeals to many different generations, could help provide a whole-family destination experience, as well as an experiential destination enhancement specifically to these younger tourists. Furthermore, with Millennials and Generation Z also being those that seek adventure, and gamified experiences involving riddle solving and overcoming physical challenges, the authors also propose thatGeocaching, a location-based leisure sport enabled by mobile global positioning system (GPS) based technology, is already a well-established practice, where much of the participant data on the subject originates, and where this practice can open up the extra-urban space to business development opportunities.
Urban centers are now home to the majority of the global population. The forecast is for this trend to continue as increasing immigration drives urban population growth. With diversifying populations, the culture, infrastructure, trade and travel flows of cities are evolving and expanding. Simply put, the world is becoming more urban, with greater diversity in populations living in the same areas, creating burgeoning and increasingly cosmopolitan metropolises whose residents have expanding ties and networks across the globe. One tourism-related implication of this rising urbanization and immigration is the increasing demand for travel among disparate friends and family members.
The analysis shows that the sharing economy is likely to have a significant impact on urban property markets in the short term, but it is not clear whether it will have a long-term impact on the urban property market in the medium term. The sharing economy may, however, have a longer-term effect on the city property market, as it is likely that it will lead to the creation of new forms of accommodation offerings that are not part of the conventional hospitality industry.
The results partially show how to avoid the "deterioration" of resident's identities and attachments. The projects suggested by the residents for the Future of Bruges program reflect the residents' need to ensure the livability of the Golden Triangle. Simultaneously, those projects put emphasis on interactions between residents and tourists and aim at developing the creative spirit in the city. The photo-elicitation method proved to be a useful tool to achieve this. The photos contributed greatly to stimulating respondents' responses.
The model developed in this paper is a conceptual model. It is intended to help clarify the relation between stakeholders (i.e. the residents, the tourism suppliers and the visitors) and their respective objectives. Being conceptual, however, it is not intended to serve as a structural model delivering graphical representations of hypotheses or structural relationships. Obviously, in order to assess the situation in a specific destination, the conceptual model can be used to assess possible fields of conflict arising from the conflict mechanisms contained in the model.
The authors argue that there are disparate modes of seeing conflicts that result from tourism. The authors contrast the non-problematisation or marginalisation of conflicts that results from tourism on federal state level with problematisations on borough level, which in contrast present a pessimistic scenario. They argue that with the construction of a problem, possible solutions are already implied.
The empirical validation of the city.people.light approach has resulted in a formal codification of the fields of future studies and foresight and ultimately of what a "futurist" is. Within the context of global corporate enterprises, "foresight" has been adopted as a strategic portfolio competence since the end of the Second World War. This has led to anticipate future change and emerging lifestyles. Topical moments include the availability of alternative scenarios unveiling "wild card" possible events - however unlikely - events at Royal Shell. The oil company uniquely anticipated - before 1973 - abundance in oil supply.
In the past few years, there has been more than just a little political and economic turbulence in the international system and within national systems. Just a few years ago (2008), the financial system in the USA suffered a major blow and the USA has not yet fully recovered from this. In addition, the euro and the financial issues linked with it have led to numerous different disruptions financially in Europe, especially in the Eurozone members in the south of Europe. The financial turbulence in different countries has also led to substantial political turbulence. One of the recent political reactions has been that the UK has decided by referendum to leave the European Union (EU), something the pollsters and pro-Europeans have been shocked by. There is also the rise of various right-wing and left-wing political parties/movements in Europe and in other developed countries.
A Donald Trump presidency will impact on tourism in both sides: negative and positive. Travel and tourism is the US largest service export, generating a $98 billion trade surplus for the US economy in 2015. International visitors spent a record-breaking $246.2 billion enjoying the USA.
Four scenarios were developed for each of the four types of business identity. These scenarios were mapped together with strategic questions with reference to sustainability and actionable strategic propositions. This resulted in a framework that might inspire businesses to use sustainability as a leading principle for their commercial activities. Thus, the study contributes to the managerial practice by offering a long-term future orientation (2040).
The findings show that tourism can be seen as an opportunity to increase an area's social-ecological resilience, as it could provide a balance between the sometimes competing goals of maintaining the natural qualities of the area and attaining socio-economic benefits. To achieve both goals, it is important that the synergistic interactions between tourism and landscape are recognized and stimulated.
The intersections of tourism, porn and the future can be seen as a form of gaze. Gazing refers to the "discursive determinations of socially constructed seeing or scopic regimes" and it concerns "how we are able to see, what we are allowed to see or made to see and how we see the seeing". From a tourism perspective, gazing at particular sights is conditioned by personal experiences and memories and framed by rules and styles as well as circulating images and texts of places. Tourism marketing is a gaze.
In order to sustain and grow their competitive position in the future hotel chains will have to: listen to and learn from guests incorporating big data insights, go beyond segments to provide personalized services, continuously develop the brand through signature experiences, utilize collaboration technologies and open innovation to maintain an edge in their service experiences, and, through total revenue management (RM), generate ancillary revenues and maximize guest spend.
The paper identifies ten turning points in the evolution of RM. These turning points include the publication of Littleswood's rule (Littlewood, 2005) and EMSR (Belobaba, 1987), which linked forecasting, optimization and reservations management into a single entity. The paper illustrates how history shapes the future based on the premise that "the return to history" provides a critical praxis of the horizon of expectations and illustrations.
Digital amnesia is a significant issue for tourism businesses, as consumers are becoming more immersed within their digital devices, and subsequently creating digital lives. This has led to many users now becoming so reliant on their devices, they do not need to remember simple things such as a hotel or restaurant reservation. So how can tourism businesses capitalise on this issue? The construction of innovative, attention grabbing promotional marketing could be utilised in location service software within smartphone and tablets to alert consumers when they are close to certain attractions or providers.
The paper finds that there are three major political ideologies available to political leaders in terms of how they view the role of tourism and how these ideologies have been incorporated into the politics of tourism in various countries, with case studies from a number of countries. The paper concludes that these ideologies will likely impact upon tourism throughout the world.
There are four possible political options for Scotland, and each of these options provides for a different operational model in how the destination management organisation (DMO) could manage their tourism product. Apart from the status quo, each of the four options has different implications for tourism.
The paper shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. It shows how foresight provides a new methodology in tourism planning and how it has the potential to play an important role in increasing the benefits of tourism and alleviate problems associated with it.
It is argued that consolidated democracy in the EU is driving its expansion by offering the opportunity of order coupled with economic (including tourism) benefits to acceding nations. The preservation of order and enhancement of civil liberties are essential elements in opening up trade, leading to prosperity. These are the elements that countries that are situated on the eastern borders of the EU aspire to achieving themselves. It is that aspiration which holds a threat for Russia. The EU can point to a successful record as regards to preserving peace between member states, stretching back decades.
The authors find that Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriot tourism professionals are optimistic about the prospects for cooperation in tourism in a post-settlement Cyprus. However, there are some impediments to cooperation in the form of a strong ethno-nationalism that impedes cooperation between the two communities.
This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning (which will be referred to as TOUR301) at Victoria University of Wellington.
This study reveals the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation.
Empirical results prove that the UNWTO TCI well captures changes in tourism demand generated by external shocks, but also by short-term, systematic factors, and proves efficient in identifying turning points and, combined with statistical forecasts, it also contributes to improve the number of correctly signed observations.
The authors identified a number of trends and developments that were considered highly probable, while two drivers for the future evolution of which there was no consensus were considered uncertain. These drivers were chosen as scenario axes as a way to reduce the complexity of future events by crafting four "extreme" scenarios.
- The results showed that tourists focus on the bigger lakeside towns, but also on day-trip attractions like Mainau Island and Meersburg. Within the towns, the movement patterns follow the often-cited ants-trail pattern, no matter whether tourists are first time or repeat visitors. The study further showed that triangulation always makes sense, in order to balance the different approaches and to counter their respective disadvantages.
The main results of the research conducted in the areas of Drama, Greece and Mersin, Turkey include, amongst others, the identification of needs of tourists with disabilities; the historical evolution of accessibility in both countries; the evolution of the legislative framework related to accessible tourism; the development of the notion of "accessible tourism" in Greece and Turkey; and the proposal of appropriate solutions in infrastructure and policy level as well as the importance of accessible tourism for both countries.
The research suggests that the Polarity Paradox is a phenomenon that could be very different from situations in the past as consumers no longer aim to live their lives in the middle ground. On some occasions, travellers certainly choose the "chill" or rather the utopian side of the polarities, i.e. pleasing and comfortable experiences. Less explored however and especially in this context, is the effect of dystopian and "thrill" seeking travel experiences. The authors highlight how these extreme experiences might ask for a new approach to customer segmentation as well as alternative value propositions to meet this demand.
The results of the study show that the disabled individuals with accessibility needs prefer to travel through specialized travel agencies because of the fact that they have the right to have a holiday experience. However, there are still problems about accessibility in archeological sites, museums, city centres, food and beverage businesses, beaches, accommodation businesses and means of transport. Thus, the specialized agencies should be able to provide products/services in accordance with this market.
The findings of this paper suggest that the self-directed ethical model is a viable alternative to a mandated legal model when encountering a marginalized audience, and suggests that the alternative framework of a self- directed ethical model can likewise have compelling relevance.
The paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism in the future. The drivers overlap, influence and integrate with each.
The special issue provides the opportunity for contributors to take part in the current discourses on accessible tourism from a futures perspective, in order that they can understand, manage and contribute to the development of accessible tourism in the context of economically, socially and environmentally sustainable communities.
The paper presents a new, critical perspective on the selected MD, the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism. The analysis performed indicated the need for a synthesis of paradigms at the core of the conceptualisation of particular models, including those often regarded as being contrary, such as the medical and social models.
Major travel and leisure companies are aware of the potential of the accessible tourism market. However, the majority of managers in strategic positions of these organisations do not believe that they are currently involved in the market. This is due to a number of reasons, including a lack of understanding of the market, lack of awareness and lack of investment in accessible tourism solutions.
The research findings reconfirm the access market to be largely untouched, but one with scope for opportunity should critical issues be addressed and priorities reconsidered going forward. Specifically, it was revealed that accessible tourism in New Zealand will only be realised through the: connecting of organisations; effective communication of the business case; and, ensuring always, that the "accessible voice" is genuinely heard.
This paper presents a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The methodology is based on the findings of a case study of a monument located in the heart of the city of Greece, which was selected as an example of an accessible tourism destination.
The results of the project show that the main obstacles to accessibility improvement in the selected monuments of Thessaloniki have been overcome and the monuments are now accessible to all visitors, including people with restricted mobility. The main reasons for the success of the interventions are the following: the use of a multi-disciplinary approach to the problem of accessibility improvement; the development of a methodology for the assessment of the accessibility of the monuments; and the establishment of an accessibility management system.
It is surprising that capitalism so far, despite its usual greed, has not made a greater effort to enhance productivity and development of this business segment within the tourism sector. So, what is the reason? Could it be that capitalism did not believe in tourism for people with disabilities as a real business opportunity? If so, what would it need to change this trend in the future?
Results suggest that the value scale proposed by De Groot and Steg (2008) is a suitable tool for analysing students' travellers' values and needs in the context of youth tourism. The results also show that sustainability values are not directly related to the travel needs of students. However, pro-environmental and pro-social values influence the youth tourism experience in a more general way.
The research indicates that several basic conditions for a positive legacy are being met. It is argued that the Dutch Approach already garnered results in the planning phase, particularly concerning the enhanced connectivity of stakeholders, improved organizing capacity, and more know-how about the process of organizing MSEs. A key aspect of the approach is that organizing the Olympic Games is not seen as the end to be reached, but as the ultimate reward for a long term, community-driven planning and development approach.
The research found that New Zealand's environmental and sustainable future is not as bleak as the New Zealand Tourism Framework suggests. However, there are alternative pathways to a more sustainable future for New Zealand tourism.
- The paper finds that space tourism could become a new driver for global development, and ultimately for human development beyond our planet and solar system. However, it is a field in which future defies history, futurism confronts tradition, unprecedented wealth co-exists with abject poverty, and imagination bends reality. For these reasons the study of tourism begs insights from many disciplines and illustrates many of the challenges for planning and policy.
The paper identifies ten trends that the authors, who are experts in the field, identify of importance and significance for the future. These are: changing family structures; longevity and smaller core families; the verticalisation of the family; immigration; the growth in the number of residents living abroad; growing numbers of elderly people; the growing number of foreign-born members of the population; and the changing nature of family tourism.
- Food tourism has drawn much attention as a tourism product, it is seen as one of the key components of the tourist experience and food festivals provide an opportunity for society to socialise as by their nature they bring people together. But what is the future? By 2050, nearly ten billion people will live on planet Earth, there will be new middle classes with new consumption patterns, oil will be scarce, the planet will be warmer as a consequence of climate change and five billion people are forecasted to take an international holiday. So what could all this mean for food tourism and food festival?
The paper finds that knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations.
- The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. The scenario process has been centered on likely drivers and the dynamics of the tourism sector. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs.
Considered by some as one component of a broader national branding strategy to project the country as a unique and innovative place to visit, live and invest in, the 100% Pure New Zealand campaign is considered to be a "natural extension and elegant expression for the clean and green space that New Zealand had long occupied in the minds of global consumers". Thus it constructs a national image aligned with New Zealand resources, consumer demands and expectations, and one which is also adaptable to target specific segments of the diverse global market. Portraying New Zealand as a young, beautiful and clean country, the idea of "purity" is mainly applied to the natural environment, represented as pristine, undiluted and de-humanised, but also to other elements such as Maori culture and hospitality, and locally produced food and wine.
- The paper finds that tourism in Hawaii in the future will be as important as it was in 1776 and will be even more so in 2076.
- The paper finds that scenario planning is an emerging approach to strategy and planning in general and in the leisure and tourism domain in particular. The paper discusses the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the ETFI to achieve these aims.
- Tourism 2025 reflects an industry which is aligned on a pathway towards aspirational growth. This is a framework, not a strategic plan. It is not intended to be a prescriptive recipe for industry and individual business success. Instead, what Tourism 2025 does is provide vital context for some collective actions by big or small industry clusters and, more importantly, for the thousands of actions individual businesses take each year. There is something in this framework for everyone and it is incumbent on all players, large and small, to grasp the opportunities so the industry can achieve the aspirational goals set.
- The paper finds that the world in which tourism and many other industries will function will be very different in coming decades. The trends in motion indicate a radically different world with a new global leadership, increased political instability, a rise in regional integration, greater corporate and governmental control over people, and increasingly powerful corporations. These changes pose threats and opportunities for tourism and hospitality industries.
- Online guest feedback will continue to grow and be used more by more people. They key drivers are mobile devices and internet connectivity that allows travellers to write and read online reviews and ratings across devices, when and where they want. Conventional hotel rating systems will see a further drop in participation unless they have a legal base to enforce participation. To continue to justify their existence, conventional hotel rating system will seek integration with social media, making the guests opinion an integral part of the rating process.
The paper finds that in the near future, cyborg games will become a reality. Computers are finding themselves empathetic, gaining awareness of our huge range of physical signals. They will soon be translating our body language with greater success than we do (Future Foundation, 2014). The idea of issuing an instruction will seem archaically cumbersome and human demand will simply equate to machine command. For example, BioBeats (biobeats.com) generates music from one or more heartbeats that builds content from emotion whereas the Emotiv (emotive.com( is a neuroheadset that uses a set of sensors to tune into electronic signals that allows gamers to use thought power across a whole range of online and video games.
A series of recommendations were given by speakers at the "Tourism in Tomorrow's World" conference that can be summarized as follows: development with an eye for trends as well as lifestyle convergence, ever increasing customer expectations and expectations, increasing small niches and specialized events; embedding major events and promotion in carefully planned long-term campaigns aimed at refocusing or improving the image of the destination; seizing investment opportunities in attractions and hotels based on market intelligence and an understanding of life cycles; and seizing opportunities in "niche" tourism such as medical tourism, spa tourism, Antarctic and Arctic tourism, gay tourism and space tourism.
The results show that the following principles of stakeholder theory create more value for HEIs: the active involvement of stakeholders in the decision-making process; the exchange of information about stakeholders' demands and preferences; the development of a relationship of mutual trust between stakeholders and the organization; and the inclusion of stakeholders' interests in the strategic planning process.
The results of the analysis prove a positive relationship between CSR and FP, but the relationship is very heterogeneous, which indicates the complexity of the relations between the two variables. Country characteristics, forms and dimensions of CSR, CSR measurements and FP measurements explain the complex relationship of the CSR-FP relationship.
The findings of this study reveal that the RMC has developed a broad prevention strategy to prevent GST fraud. The prevention strategy is based on three main areas: prevention of fraud, prevention of non-compliance and prevention of tax evasion. This study also reveals the measures used to deter non-compliant businesses from fraud.
The results show that impairment loss allowance model in PSAK 71 is based on expected credit loss (ECL) for all exposures from the time a loan is originated, based on the deterioration of credit risk since initial recognition, and based on an unbiased evaluation of a range of possible outcomes and their probabilities of occurrence including discounting for the time value of money, reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date and forecasts of future economic conditions.
The results show that the Malaysian Family Well-being Index (MFWBI) is a reliable and valid measure of FWB for Malaysian households. The results also reveal that the MFWBI is a valid and reliable measure of family well-being for both low-income and middle-income households. However, the results also show that there is a significant difference in the FWB scores between the two income groups.
The results show that role clarity and learning goal orientation exert an interactive effect on customer orientation. Specifically, role clarity is positively related to customer orientation, and the interactive effect is stronger for employees with higher learning goal orientations than for those with lower levels of role clarity.
The results show that the length of the auditor-client relationship as well as the auditor industry specialization can have a deterrent role for tax avoidance activities in an inflationary economy like Iran; or, because of the different characteristics of the Iranian audit market, they may have adverse consequences.
The results of the study show that board size, philanthropy and working capital management have a positive and significant impact on the firm's performance. The results also show that there is no significant relationship between board size and firm performance. However, there is significant impact of board size on firm performance through the mediating role of philanthropy.
The results show that the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique is a useful tool for understanding the place image of Danang as a livable city in the minds of students. Besides, the results reveal that Danang is perceived as a lively and dynamic city by the students.
In line with economic theory, the authors found that households in low quantiles of the household saving rate distribution have higher marginalities to save than households in high quantiles. This holds for both urban and rural households. The authors also found that the saving behaviours of rural and urban households are heterogeneous. The most important result from the quantile regression approach is that many household characteristics appear to have stronger effects on the saving rate at low quantile.
The results indicate that diversification strategy has a positive effect on firms' value. However, the relationship between diversification and firm value is still inconclusive after controlling for several endogeneity factors. The results also indicate that firms with multiple segments experienced lower growth opportunities than single-segment companies. Furthermore, the effect of diversification on firm's value is stronger for firms with high growth opportunities.
The results show that market reactions to the switch announcement depend on the liquidity of GEM firms. Firms with high liquidity have no significant market reaction around the announcement. However, firms with low liquidity experience a much larger positive market reaction. The results also show that the switch is accompanied by a long-term increase in stock price only for low liquidity firms. High liquidity firms underperform with persistent negative excess returns after moving to the MB, while low Liquidity firms reverse the transient negative excess return gradually. Furthermore, the results further show a significant increase in trading activity following the switch for low- liquidity firms, while there is a significant decline in both trading activity and liquidity in firms with high-liquidity.
The results of descriptive statistics indicated that most of the features of the selected board characteristics have at least complied with the stipulated baseline level of corporate governance best practises in the selected companies. Further, consistent statistical results in terms of CEO-Chairman duality have affected the level of earnings management in selected Sri Lankan quoted entities. Findings support the notion that a single figurehead both CEO and chairman positions can lead to better earnings management practices in Sri Lanka listed entities. The common conception is that segregation of duties is an effective internal control mechanism. However, this study shows a positive relationship between CEO-chairmen duality and earnings management.
The results show that the efficiency of the GEM market has improved significantly over the period of time, and it exhibits a long memory in return and volatility. Furthermore, the long memory of the market efficiency is found to be a significant determinant of the long-term stability of the stock market in Hong Kong.
The results reveal unidirectional short-run causal relationship running between per capita electricity consumption and per capita GDP, whereas bidirectional long-run and joint causal relationship also exists between each other. Cointegration test result establishes the presence of long- run equilibrium relation between PCEC and PCGDP series. Moreover, the robustness of the long run result is verified by other alternative estimators.
The results show that herding behaviour of Chinese A- and B-share markets is similar to Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory, which focusses on the US and UK stock markets. However, during unique financial situations, such as the A-share Crash of 2008, investors herd on fundamentals more than non-fundamentals. In addition, there is a spill-over effect of size and book-to-market ratio on Chinese stock market herding.
The authors find that the problem of unsustainability can occur at low levels of public debt in the Asia-Pacific region. This result relates directly to the notion of debt-intolerant countries (Reinhart et al., 2003). These economies would have lower debt thresholds because of weak fiscal structures and financial systems. Another contribution relates to the fact that, for cross-section dependence, the findings challenge the previous results of previous literature.
The study documents a significant positive relationship between FDI and financial development in the selected African economies. Also, external debt stock positively influences financial development. Furthermore, the study reported a significant relationship between financial development and financial leverage ratio (RL). Furthermore, it was found that financial development has a positive and significant effect on financial leverage.
The findings revealed the following facts: buyers perform detection on their capability aspects by estimating the internal economic environment factor on the economic situation of the warehouse space, shelf space and customer coverage based on the external environment factors of level of demand aspects; and buyers perform Detection on the internal environment factor related to the competition and display of new product demand as a new perspective in the product strategy in the marketing mix.
This paper shows that the different uses of agent-based technique for describing economic systems also refer to different ways of thinking the role of the modelling task. Modelling a complex phenomenon is a means of knowledge implying that the epistemic function of the modeling task can vary to some degree from disciplinary context to another. Four categories of works have been mentioned in this paper: a deductive approach: the rational ABM; an abductive approach; a metaphorical approach; the bottom-up agent- based econophysics; and a phenomenological approach.
The results confirm the multifactor structure of customer satisfaction. Attributes whose high quality has strong influences on customer satisfaction do not necessarily cause dissatisfaction when failing to meet customers' expectations. Similarly, attributes whose performances are proportionate to customers' satisfaction (one-dimensional) or unremarkable to them (indifferent) are also revealed in the study.
There are seven requirements related to the nature of money, which are intrinsic value, divisible, homogoneus, durable, mobile, rare and stable value; cryptocurrency has the same characteristics as fiat currency that fulfills six of the seven requirements. Both of them do not have intrinsic value. Thus, Bitcoin is acceptable as money. From the legal perspective, terms of currency are referred to unit of account and medium of exchange that are issued and exclusively dominated by monetary authorities (or central bank) and associated the power of sovereignty wherein the value and the credibility of a country's currency are linked with the country's ability to support the currency. In terms of economic perspective, cryptocurrency does not meet the criteria as currency. From Sharia perspective, it can be considered as mal (property) due to desirability and storability, but it cannot be considered thamaniyyah (monetary value), since it still needs the value of fiat currency to have value.
The results of both models reveal that the MP, including money aggregate and interest rate, affects the RX in Vietnam considerably. The first model, which uses the recursive restriction method, shows that money aggregate shocks have a significant effect on the RX. This is consistent with Dornbusch's (1976) overshooting hypothesis. The other model analyses the reaction of the RX to interest rate shocks. RX puzzles appear when the recursive restrictions method is applied. However, they disappears when the sign restriction method is used.
The authors find that the quality of national governance infrastructure plays its role in the entrepreneurial activity through both inward and outward FDI channels through the creation of new firms by opportunity- and necessity-motivated entrepreneurs. In particular, the authors show that inward FDI has a positive impact on opportunity entrepreneurial activity (OEA) and necessity entrepreneurial activity, while outward F DI has a negative impact on OEA. The authors also find that GQ has a moderating effect on the relationship between inward and outflows of FDI and entrepreneurship in terms of OEA and NEA.
The results indicate that TFL is positively related to EC, and IM mediates the relationship between TFL and EC. IM is also found to be a significant mediator of the TFL-EC relationship. In addition, the results show that EC is positively and significantly related to customer citizenship behavior.
Based on the sample of the firms listed on Vietnam stock exchange during the period between 2010 and 2016, this paper finds the positive relation between dividend policy and earnings quality. This means that dividend payers have higher earnings quality than that of dividend non-payers. This empirical evidence indicates that dividends are informative about earnings quality in Vietnam.
The authors find out that the performance of banks in Vietnam and their peers in ASEAN countries is significantly better than that of their counterparts in the USA and the UK. The authors also find that the efficiency of Vietnam's banks is significantly higher than their peers' efficiency levels. However, this difference is not significant when the authors incorporate risk into the efficiency analysis.
The results reveal that the pre- and post-announcement volatility of the Malaysian stock market index is significantly higher than that of the non-GST period. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference between the two phases of the GST implementation, that is, announcement and implementation phase.
The results of the study show that the level of CSR disclosure in annual reports of listed companies on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) is significantly higher than that of the non-listed companies. The results also show that there is a positive relationship between the level and content of environmental disclosure and the presence of auditors in the annual reports.
The results of the study indicated that the most dominant determinants of FDI in Ghana were market growth, real exchange rates, effective market market size and openness of the economy. The results also indicated that there is a significant positive relationship between the quality of institutions and FDI.
The results of the study show that firms tend to adjust their cash holdings to the optimal level in the presence of high and low cash regimes. Moreover, the authors find that firms with different organizational hierarchies hold a different amount of cash. The authors also find that high- and low-cash regimes lead to asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings. The results also show that the firm's cash holding behavior is affected by financial constraints.
Vertical information sharing and budget goal commitment were found to mediate the relationship between employees' budgetary participation and their work performance. Perceived budget fairness was found to moderate the positive effect of budgetary participation on vertical information sharing. In addition, the higher employees perceive the level of budget fairness, the more budgetary participation is related to vertical information-sharing and budget-goal commitment.
Results from econometric analysis revealed that India's current account deficit is driven by fiscal deficit, trade, inflation, real deposit rate, real interest rate and age dependency factor. Granger non-causality test result suggests that capital inflows in the post-liberalisation period are driving CADs rather than the opposite side. The empirical results using unit root tests and Johansen cointegration test provide the evidence of the sustainability of India's CAD in long run.
The results reveal that the elasticities of area under cultivation, support price and fertilizer consumption toward wheat production were positively and statistically significant in both the long-run and the short-run periods. Furthermore, through timely announcement of support price, being guaranteed minimum price sustained for wheat planting season before the beginning of the season, one can ensure that the production of wheat can be obtained in order to meet the increasing demand of the consumers at different levels like local, national and international.
The study finds that there is a slight development of technical efficiency for the Jordanian insurance companies during the study period. The results also showed that owners' equity is among the most important internal determinants of companies' efficiency, followed by technical provisions and operating expenses. The external determinants identified by the logit model support that there are a significant correlation between type, size and return on assets of the insurer and its efficiency.
The results show that both promotion and barrier factors affect the intention to adopt mobile shopping, with perceived risk/perceived cost as a barrier and trust/self-efficacy as a promotional factor. The results also show that the proposed model is a good fit to the data, with the explanatory power of the extended TRA model.
The author has identified five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the role of designers in the innovation process. The ontology, essence, metaphysics and metaphysics have been delineated, and a map of the field of on the roles of designers has been proposed.
The authors find the significantly robust results of positive impacts of training per capita and per capita HRM spending on a firm's performance. The authors also find significant differences in the effects of some HRM practices that include training (measured by binary and binary incentive measure) and training days (measure of training days).
The findings indicate that: there is no impact of ownership concentration on innovation, but it has a positive impact on sales growth; innovation positively affects firm performance; and there exists a positively reverse causality from sales growth to innovation.
The results show that there is a nonlinear relationship between fiscal policy and national saving. In particular, the authors find that fiscal policy has a positive and significant impact on national saving after the global financial crisis of 2008. However, there is no evidence of an expansionary or contractionary impact of fiscal policy after the crisis.
The findings indicate that public investment in Vietnam in the past period does affect economic growth in an inverted-U shape effect as of Barro (1990), with positive effects mostly occurring from the second year and negative effects in the long run. Similarly, public investment also has a similar influence pattern on private investment, boosting in the short term but crowding-out in the longer term. This implies that when the economy needs investment environment to attract private investment to attract public investment, the role of public investment is reduced due to the coefficient of negative impact. Therefore, it is significantly necessary to have a reasonable threshold of the public investment.
The results show that MO has a positive effect on the use of MAS in terms of broad scope, timeliness, aggregation, and integration. Accountants' participation in strategic decision making moderates the relationship between MO and MAS use. In other words, the MO-MAS-performance link is stronger when accountants are actively involved in strategic decisions.
The results find significant evidences that the institutions enhance the effectiveness of fiscal policy. Notable, the external debt level presents the non-linear relationship with economic growth through the mechanism that the fiscal policy has the heterogeneous effects on economic growth: the crowding-out effect in low indebted countries and crowding in effect in high indebted countries.
The results show a significant relationship between the proportion of independent board members and CSR disclosure in the Japanese context, but remain inconclusive in the USA. The effect of having independent members on the board is conditioned by the shareholder orientation of the corporate governance (CG) system in Japan and the US. Japanese independent directors have a significant influence on the disclosure of CSR in both environmental and social aspects.
The use of financial derivatives by domestic firms and domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) significantly contributes to a reduction in the exposure to home country risks by 1091 and 1442 percent per 1 percent increase in derivative holdings, respectively. Domestic MNCs using foreign currency and interest rate derivatives experience declines in exposures to exchange rate risks (12.12 percent and 14.42 percent, respectively), while foreign affiliates experience increases in exposure to interest rate risks. The authors also find the outperformance of domestic M NCs in mitigating exposures compared to domestic firms, foreign affiliates and other firms.
The authors find that Chinese firms, for which stock investors are more adversely affected by informational disadvantages, are associated with higher debt usage. This is consistent with the pecking order theory and in contrast to the findings of previous studies.
The empirical results indicate that differences in financial structures quantitatively affect the cyclical behavior in the two areas: the magnitude of the credit channel effects is amplified by the differences in the financial structures. The authors further demonstrate that the effects of minor differences in credit market may translate into large, persistent and asymmetric fluctuations in both real (output, consumption and investment) and financial variables (price of capital, bankruptcy rate and risk premium).
The authors find that debt reduction increased investment in physical capital in both the short run and the long run with bigger increases in the longrun. Human capital investment, as measured by schooling enrollment, was also positively affected by debt relief. Debt reduction had a positive effect on male employment but not female employment rates. Both GDP per capita growth rates and household consumption increased with debt reduction. The authors also find that the MDRI increased domestic revenue and domestic investment but to a lesser degree.
The paper shows that econophysics can contribute to a better understanding of complex economic systems by using models coming from statistical physics. However, the dialogue between economists and econophysicists appears to be difficult in the literature because of the duality of knowledge and the singularity of method developed by J.S. Mill. Moreover, Mill's notion of emergence is not consistent with the perspective developed by econophysicalists.
The results show that the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance are similar to those of conventional finance. However, there are significant differences in the way that these parameters are defined in the Islamic finance literature. For example, in the case of the profit-and-loss sharing (PLS) principle, the reward-risk principle is found to be more consistent with the hadith interpretations of the Prophet (peace be upon him). In contrast, the risk-sharing principle is not.
The authors find that a fair currency system under the Islamic financial system is not about limited resources versus unlimited wants. It is about efficient utilisation of limited resources and equitable distribution of resources. The authors also find that it is possible to develop a fair and efficient currency system in the Islamic way of life.
The results indicate that the proposed model is a good fit to the data. The study finds that the constructs of social influence, external influence, compatibility of sukuk investment with lifestyle, intrinsic motivation and the religious aspect are significant predictors of investors' intentions to invest in suKuk. The results also reveal that religious aspect has a significant moderating effect on the relationship between the proposed factors and investors' intention to invest.
The strengths of MSMEs in the logistics industry are in comparison to their competitors in the market. However, there is a need for them to improve their marketing efforts to attract and retain customers. The opportunities and threats faced by them in the adoption of takaful protection are also found to be similar to those faced by their competitors. In addition, the challenges faced by these businesses are similar to the ones faced by the competitors.
The results indicated that Shari'ah governance practices have generally improved after the enforcement of SGF-2010. The major changes in Shari'sah governance are mostly attributable to the improvements in the accountability and responsibility component. In addition, the elements which improved significantly after the implementation of the SGF include the expansion and elaboration on the roles and responsibilities of the SC and the inclusion of the functions and functions of the Shari 'ah committee.
Based on the findings, there is a lack of authorisation and control of the governance and internal control system for Shari'ah non-compliant income (SNCI) in the sampled IFIs. This leads to major SNCI in the operations of IFIs, which will increase IFIs' risk management and impact on the integrity of the IFIs amongst their current and potential customers.
The results show that Qatari IBs and CBs performed better before the blockade, while there was no significant difference in performance between the two types of banks during the blockade period. However, there was a significant decline in the performance of CBs during the embargo period, while IBs were found to be in better shape than CBs in terms of profitability, efficiency and liquidity.
This paper found that the number of publications in the area of takaful demand has increased significantly over time from two articles in 2009 to six articles in 2017. Although there was no publication on the topic in 2018, one article was published in 2019 in Indonesia. This paper also confirms that across these 11 journals, research has been conducted using a variety of methodologies, ranging from quantitative data to qualitative data. In addition, this study contributes to the literature by revealing significant demographic and economic factors influencing takafully demand.
The study revealed that most of the SNC events in financing products originated from sale-based contracts. In particular, tawarruq financing represented the second largest SNC event after bay' al-'inah/BBA. The survey also suggested that improper sequence is the most frequent SNCevent in tawarriq financing. This finding calls for IBs to institute more prudent and clear operational procedures for tawarrouq-based financing.
The findings of this study indicate that the internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in IBs can be divided into three main categories, namely, internal control factors, external control factors and external risk factors. The internal control factor is the most important factor that has a direct impact on the effectiveness of the internal audit. The external risk factor has an indirect effect on the internal auditing effectiveness through the impact of the external risks on the performance of the IBs. Finally, the internal risk factors have a direct effect on both internal and external audit effectiveness.
The results of the study show that the technical trading strategies performed better than the non-technical trading strategies in generating abnormal returns for Shari'ah-compliant and conventional stocks. In addition, the results also reveal that the performance of the technical strategies is significantly higher for the conventional stocks compared to the ShARI'ah stocks. The results also show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency level between the conventional and Shari'sah stocks in terms of abnormal returns.
The results show that clients' understanding of M&M is influenced by their experiences of microfinance. Clients with business experience are more interested in receiving formal sources of capital from formal sources than clients with no business experience. They are also more likely to be aware of the risks associated with the M & M partnership. The findings also indicate that clients are more willing to use these instruments if they are offered by an IsMFI.
The results of the survey indicate that the majority of the respondents are willing to use crowdfunding for their fundraising exercise. However, there is a significant difference in their understanding of crowdfunding and their willingness to use it. The findings also indicate that there is an increase in the intention of Muslim entrepreneurs to raise funds through equity crowdfunding in Malaysia. In addition, this study proposes a conceptual SEC framework for Malaysia.
P-TIF can be considered as a viable financing method for community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or sale of land or services, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets.
The study finds that the domestic laws of Mauritius are in line with international best practices in terms of corporate governance, transparency and disclosure. However, there is some overlap between Islamic banking and conventional banking regulations. The study also finds that there is a need to harmonise with international practices and standards as competition is lurking from the emerging African financial centres, without forgetting the Southeast Asian competitors.
The findings of this paper indicate that the awqaf doctrines of the Prophet's companions were established even prior to the determination of waqf with its jurisprudential characteristics in the first few years after the hijrah (the migration of the prophet from Makkah to Madinah, which occurred in 622 CE). It was in later years that these early waqfs were identified with the then evolved jurisPRudential framework of waQf.
The findings of this study indicate that the central banks of Iran, Sudan and Pakistan have not been able to achieve full compliance with Shari'ah principles in their central banking practices. The case studies of these three Muslim-majority countries are presented to highlight the experiences of regulators from these countries, which aimed to achieve compliance with the principles related to Islamic finance since the 1980s. The findings of the case studies indicate that these three countries have made significant efforts to introduce and promote equity-based instruments such as mudarabah (profit sharing) and musharakah (partnership), and instead, they rely on the replication of conventional instruments.
This study highlights the importance of realizing and investing in IC as a solution for all NPOs in general and waqf organisations in particular. Second, it identifies challenges of current waqaf management that constrain the performance of Waqf institutions, which include direct intervention of the state in the affairs of waqF, weak legal protection, low level of awareness about waq f in the community and corruption. The study critically provides insights into the reform trends that may contribute to retrieving the legal and institutional personality of awqaf.
The current practice of the Syariah Court in Singapore is that the residual net estate goes to the bayt al-mal - which is identified as the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) - when there is no 'asabah (agnatic residuary heir by blood) in the family structure. This practice has created uneasiness among female legal heirs, spouses, some converts and the community at large. It no longer supports the full needs of the needy in the Muslim community, especially the legal heirs or the dependents (Muslim or non-Muslim) of the deceased. It is possible by accepting the contemporary practice and current legislation on radd doctrine as practised by many Muslim and non- Muslim countries, by returning the residualnet estate to the fard or dhawu al-arham legal heirs/dependants.
The results of the study show that Islamic mutual funds are exposed to lower risk compared to their conventional counterparts. The results also show that the Islamic funds are more prone to fund-specific risk, market risk and idiosyncratic risk. The downside risk exposure of Islamic funds is also higher than that of the conventional funds.
The findings of this study show that the majority of the SAC-BNM's maslahah-based resolutions are compliant with the parameters of Shari'ah. However, there are some issues that need to be addressed in order to ensure that the resolutions are not used in an inappropriate manner to validate certain Islamic financial products and services that maximize profits by compromising Shari'sah principles.
This paper provides evidence that there is a positive relationship between industrial production and non-PLS financing in the short and long run, while PLS financing appears to have no significant effect on industrial production. The Toda and Yamamoto causality test show a bidirectional relationship betweenindustrial development and IF, as well as non-profit and loss sharing financing. In contrast, no causality relationship is found between PLS and industrial development.
This paper proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology (ICT) in the field of Islamic economics and finance.
The results show that there is no significant difference in the relationship between REIT performance and macroeconomic variables for both conventional and Islamic REITs over the period 2011-2017. However, there is a significant difference between the two types of REIT in terms of the impact of size on the relationship. The results also show that the relationship is stronger for the Islamic than for the conventional REIT type.
The results of the study indicate that attitude, subjective norm, normative belief and religiosity are significant determinants of behavioral intention to adopt Islamic banking in Uganda. Further, the study found that subjective norm is not a significant predictor of attitude toward the adoption of Islamic banking, while normative belief is a significant determinant of attitude.
The findings of this paper are as follows. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of positive externalities is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive Externalities of businesses. Second, the design of financial contracts is important in conjunction with the above-mentioned positive ornegative business mindset. In the Islamic economy, the original intent of the following contracts, and others, is that they are compassionate in nature: kafalah (sponsorship), wakalah, daman (guarantee), t
The findings revealed that the CBN's decision to refer Islamic finance cases to the FRACE for expert opinion is not consistent with the current practice in Nigeria's judicial dispute resolution mechanism. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in the level of expertise of FRACE experts in Islamic finance matters as compared to the conventional courts in Nigeria.
The results show that credit ratings have a positive and significant impact on the capital structure of firms in Saudi Arabia. The results also show that the relationship between credit ratings and capital structure is moderated by firm-specific factors such as company size, profitability, liquidity, non-debt tax shield and asset tangibility. Moreover, the results indicate that the impact of credit ratings on capital structure changes during the 2007-2008 financial crisis.
The development of a real awareness of social issues brought a multiplicity of players with different business models and objectives to work on socially oriented initiatives. The most impactful initiatives rely on the principle of collective impact, which is based on the idea that social problems arise from and persist because of a complex combination of actions and omissions by players in all sectors. Therefore, they can be solved only by coordinated efforts of these players, including businesses, government agencies, charitable organizations and members of affected populations. In this paper, these parties are called "social welfare initiators". Tackling each social issue means bringing all the parties together according to a relevant strategic vision in a single project that has its own development lifecycle with different stages. Each stage would require appropriate financing and support and thus involve fund providers whose interests are aligned with those of the project.
Business as an inherited estate becomes a family business and, therefore, heirs become partners to it. The equity (after settling debts and bequests) is shared among them. This signifies that the business should remain a going concern with the view to generating income for the heirs. Hence, the heirs would comfortably earn their living as long as the business remains aGoing Concern.
The IMSPM measures both religious and financial aspects of IBs' performance. The overall sample performed highest on the objective of self (nafs) in the three-year selected period.
The results show that SSB independence is positively related to the performance of IBs in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, while the frequency of Shari'ah supervisory board (SSB) meetings is negatively related to IBs' performance. The results also show that board independence has a positive and significant relationship with the performance. However, the results do not support the hypothesis that SSBs' independence is related to performance.
BuN is one of the oldest IFMF institutions operating in India. Throughout the period, it has been striving to provide efficient services by adopting modern technology and bringing quality human resources in its folds. During the early 2000s, the institution faced some unforeseen liquidity problems, following which the institution remained closed for a decade. However, in due course and with the permission of the regulators, in 2012 the institution revived its operations. It is very rare to find any financial institution reviving its operations after remaining closed for such a long period. The revival of BuN indicates the strong determination of the management and the members associated with the institution. From a Shari'ah compliance point of view, BuN is the only organisation which is implementing the correct method of calculation and collection of service charges on demand loans and is ensuring that profits on business loans are calculated based on actual outcome of the business and not on assumption basis.
The findings showed that trust and confidence were the major concerns of potential zakat payers and waqf donors in Northern Nigeria. People were not pleased with the governors' involvement in the appointment of officials of the boards and committees of zakats and endowments. They argued that they preferred an appointment that is apolitical. Public perception is not taken into consideration in deciding who should be appointed to constitute the committee members on the boards. There are inadequate efforts by the leaders, which has resulted in low levels of knowledge among the people of Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty. Leaders - whether they are traditional rulers, governors or leaders in institutions of higher learning - have a collective responsibility to ensure the administration of z Zakat and waQf in their respective areas of authority.
The results indicate that owner-managers' Islamic finance knowledge is positively related to their firm's intention to adopt Islamic finance, while their own characteristics and their firms' characteristics are negatively related to it.
The results show that banks in MENA created the largest amount of liquidity, accounting for 96.86 per cent of the total liquidity in the region, and even surpassed the liquidity creation rates achieved by banks in the USA and China. However, banks in Saudi Arabia and the UAE created the most liquidity, while banks in Algeria created negative liquidity during the study period, thereby making them the poorest performing banks in terms of liquidity creation. Large banks have the largest proportion of liquidity created by MENA banks. Conventional and Islamic banks account for 79 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, of total liquidity created. Islamic banks outperform their conventional counterparts as a percentage of total assets. The regression analysis on the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of banks reveals that liquidity creation is positively related to the profitability of these banks.
The test results reveal that Group Y, where IFMP has been followed, has a relatively lower inflation and unemployment rates than Group X. Therefore, Group Y has a lower MI and performs better than GroupX, which has been pursuing IBMP. Both groups consist of developed capitalist countries with similar levels of development, sophistication and sophistication per capita income.
The proposed models for unit trust waqf are found to be feasible and viable. The proposed models can be used as a tool for waqaf managers to manage their waqF assets in a more efficient manner. It is also found that the proposed models are capable of providing a competitive advantage in terms of returns, while at the same time preserving the initial capital capital of the asset.
This paper differentiates between small local and internationally active Islamic banks and proposes to apply liquidity requirements only for small local banks. Small local banks will only bear the cost of increasing transparency. After that, the LCR mechanism is calibrated according to the needs of Islamic banks. Finally, the ALA is designed as a complement to the new liquidity framework.
The key elements of HRM that exist within zakat institutions in Malaysia include recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development, and compensation. The proposed HRM model is based on the current HRM practices available in the literature and six different semi-structured interviews.
The concept of rent-seeking behaviour and the dynamics of rentier economies are presented in the context of Islamic economics and finance in general and in the discourse on the riba-interest equation in particular. It is also argued that the Qur`an is categorical in prohibiting riba and explicitly linking it with zulm (injustice, exploitation).
The findings indicate that the legal form of Islamic financial transactions is in line with Shari'ah (Islamic law) in form, but fails to meet its substance and spirit in terms of the intention (substance) of the contracting parties. However, there is still room for improvement in the application of form and/or substance to ensure compliance of the contracts with their objectives.
From the above discussion, it is found that BNM has attempted to consider the maslahah of both Islamic banks and their customers in its regulations. In the case of bay' al-'inah, this contract helps to facilitate the bank's liquidity as well as helping to fulfill people's needs. As for ta'wid, standardizing its rate makes this approach easier to impose penalty, and also this approach can protect customers from exploitation. Meanwhile, requiring Islamic banks to stipulate an ibra` clause in their financial agreements not only protects customers in case of early settlement, but it has also improved the image of Islamic banks. Thus, it can be concluded that the principle of maslahAH aims to sustain the viability of Islamic banking and ensure fairness and transparency between Islamic banks, their customers and their players.
This study finds that IVC possesses features such as risk sharing, risk sharing and the potential of incorporating Shari'ah-compliant investment modes, which could be ideal for the Islamic finance industry. However, even though some initial steps have been taken in the implementation of the concept in practice, this industry still lacks general public recognition. The major cause is not only the lack of awareness among investors but also the absence of viable investment opportunities for small- and medium-scale investors. Therefore, IVC has the scope to become an ideal investment mode for Islamic finance. The study also provides recommendations on the form and practice of successful IVC investments.
The UGIT model suggests an innovative solution for liquidity management while meeting the Basel III regulatory requirements. This can be achieved through the qualification of the common equity shares as Level 2B high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), their eligibility for repurchase transactions with domestic central banks and the development of domestic short-term sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) with UGit shares as underlying assets. The research also demonstrates that an enabling framework is a key component of the financial innovation process.
The results show that the proposed IHF model is financially affordable and can be used to finance the home of low- and middle-income households in Malaysia. The model was found to be statistically valid and reliable. It was also found to have a good fit to the data.
The results of the study reveal that the ranking of the Shari'ah-compliance ratings of the IFSI is based on the relative importance of the factors that determine the level of compliance. The results also reveal that there is no significant difference in the ranking among the banks on the basis of the number of years of experience in the industry.
The results of the study reveal that LQ does affect CRM significantly and positively for both CBs and IBs. It is also derived from the results that the independent variable AQ has a negative impact on CRM in the IBs under study, whereas it has a significant and positive impact in the CBs. The descriptive statistical analysis results reveal that IBs showing higher mean average value ratios (1.328) are better than CBs (0.228) in terms of LQ and AQ, and thereby managing credit risk effectively. The regression analysis carried out using a dummy variable to account for the 2008 financial crisis also shows that IB's have either been showing a better performance or their performance has been improving significantly.
It is found that the potential incidents of bay' wa salaf in the relevant Islamic banking products that have been mentioned above do not fall under the prohibited arrangement. Thus, it can be concluded that the current practices of combining bay' (sale) and salaf (loan) are not in accordance with the prohibition stated in the hadith.
The results of the study indicate that the proposed model can be a viable alternative for developing idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The proposed model was found to be more effective than the existing model in terms of cost-effectiveness, efficiency and sustainability.
The study revealed that the women micro-entrepreneurs were relatively unconcerned with other factors such as product structuring or Shari'ah compliance of the facility. The main intention when they pledge assets is to get cash instantly for the purpose of financing their business. The women entrepreneurs appear to be more concerned with practical issues such as low service charges, closeness of the ar-rahnu institution which facilitates access to financing and customer satisfaction.
The result of the examination, using the ARDL approach, shows a significant negative relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue for the 18-year period examined. This finding is in accordance with the theory of taxation by Ibn Khaldun depicted as the Laffer curve. It suggests that the reduction in the corporatetax rate has translated to increased productivity among firms and it has expanded the tax base. A further analysis of the causality between the two variables, after controlling for financial crises, also shows a statistically significant result. It means that a reduction in corporate tax rates could bring increases in tax revenue in the long run.
Tawhidi Islamic economics is based on the monotheistic, consilience and unity of knowledge ontology of tawhid as the law of everything. It is premised on "everything" and must therefore properly define its permanent epistemological basis. Such a grounding of the Islamic economic discipline has remained absent since its terminological inception. Islamic economics in its present state does not have a theory and foundation that can be called truly "Islamic" in terms of systematizing economic and social learning in a holistic way.
The paper presents a methodology to define the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt. It also presents the different profiles of customers interested in Shari'ah-compliant financial products and defines the levels of financial inclusion from the Islamic finance perspective.
The dominance of the system by the foreign-educated elite, despite certain advantages, has created many problems for the smooth and purposive progress of Islamic economics and finance. The research objectives are stretched to look Islamic. The increasing use of mathematics and parametric empiricism is overdone to seek conformity with the mainstream requirements for facilitating publication in foreign journals, the supposed hallmark of scholarship. The methodological approach tends to enslave intellect and kills initiative and creativity in young minds. Restraint and modifications to match Islamic norms and reflect local conditions are needed.
The findings indicate that the ICWME-I model is not suitable for micro enterprises because of the following factors: lack of collateral; insufficient legal status; high transaction costs; insufficient information and documentation; lack of financial track record; nature and quality of business; rigidity of the financing procedure; and lack of awareness on financial facilities. Furthermore, the findings also indicate that there is a need for more empirical research on the applicability, applicability and prospects of the model.
The centralisation of the corporate governance framework for Islamic financial institutions (IFIs) is a worthy cause, but it is not a panacea to the problems of shari'ah compliance in the Islamic banking industry. The growing list of pressing issues such as the independence of the Shari'AH board, conflict of laws and schools of Islamic jurisprudence, education and qualification of the IFI's ShARI'ah board members, non-standardised Shari'sah rulings and guidelines, fatwa shopping and the interlocking Shari')ah board directorship practice continue to pose significant challenges to the industry.
The findings of this study reveal that salam-based crowdfunding is an innovative form of finance, which combines the contemporary investment facilities of crowdfunding and the classical Shari'ah contract of salam. This study proposes a structure ofsalam- based crowdfunding for the purpose of raising adequate capital for agricultural development in Afghanistan. The proposed structure consists of three main components: the salam (forward sale) contract, the collateral and the investment facilities.
The paper provides an understanding of the application of MM by KOPSYA and identifies the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM implemented by Islamic financial institutions (IFIs).
Preliminary findings suggest that an Islamic retail bank in Mauritius could serve the local retail market by providing savings and investment products, consumer financing, business funding and housing finance. The other opportunities are enabling legal, fiscal and regulatory framework, the financing of SMEs and the issuance of sukuk. However, it faces many issues and challenges. One main issue is that the new banking institution would have to work in a conventional environment and face Shari'ah issues related to monetary policy. Other issues include awareness and financial literacy, perception of customers and lack of liquidity instruments and inter-bank deposits, lack of knowledge and understanding of Shari'sah-compliant products and the enforcement of Islamic contracts in court.
Sale of an asset with the temporary exclusion of the usufruct is a promising tool for modern Islamic finance. It is a low-risk instrument that is particularly useful for mitigating operational risks in legal environments where Islamic finance is barely recognized. LARIBA uses this format in conjunction with declining partnership in usufructure. It can be a genuinely Islamic alternative to interest-based financing. The constructive use of this format calls for the development of an international Shari'ah standard on it. The following question arises: Why would a buyer accept such a contractual condition?
The Malaysian SGF has evolved with changing market conditions, whereby the governance structures of both the overall Islamic financial system and the individual IFIs have been enhanced and strengthened to ensure the observance of Shari'ah. The latest law, IFSA 2013, provides a comprehensive legal framework that is fully consistent with ShARI'ah in all aspects of regulation and supervision. In addition, the SGF was recently updated to strengthen the effectiveness of the Shari'sah governance within IFIs in response to the growing scale and complexity of Islamic financial business, as well as recent policy developments in the area of governance, compliance and risk management.
The paper concludes that acute effects of financial hardship indebtedness arising from AHPs can be effectively managed based on three fundamental Shari'ah principles, namely, justice, public interest and removal of hardship. In view of the findings highlighted above, both short- and long-term solutions have been recommended based on the Shari'sah principles to address the financial hardship of AHP customers and enhance existing practices and the treatment of customers by Islamic banks.
The results indicated that there is no significant difference between the stock price in Muharram, Rajab, Dhu al-Qa'dah and Dhu Al-Hijjah and that of the other non-sacred months. However, in Iran, there was a significant difference in stock price between Rajab and the other two sacred months, but such a difference was not observed in the other sacred months and the non- sacred months. In other words, results suggested that the changes of lunar months from sacred to non- sacred do not lead to significant alterations in the stock prices of the stock exchange.
- Starting with certain macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories, Islamic finance, when applied according to Al-Jarhi's (1981) paradigm, would have distinct advantages. In addition, it provides a justifiable prescription for reforming the contemporary market economy. The fact that there is economic rationale for Islamic finance can therefore be accepted.
There is a positive relationship between banks' profitability and CSR spending. Palestinian Islamic banks recognize that and work towards more involvement in CSR activities while also recognizing their institution's limited ability in contributing more towards CSR. They are also willing to continue in that direction to build a better relationship with their customers and establish the name of the bank as a trademark. Like bank practitioners, Shari'ah board members did not neglect the banks' business interests, but they prioritized religious objectives. Another important point that was highlighted was that CSR is practised if there is a convincing project and high profits.
It is argued that the concept of daman al-milkiyyah does not narrowly refer to the ownership risks or uncertainties but instead refers to liabilities and responsibilities that come with ownership. Although uncertainties are normal in everyday life, risks with regard to ownership should be mitigated as far as possible. However, when it comes to commercial transactions, the liability of potential loss cannot be separated from the ownership of real goods and services. Without bearing the liability for potential loss, any profit gained from commercial transactions would not be considered legitimate in Islam.
The respondents were found to have a high level of awareness on the availability of takaful and insurance coverage to address their protection needs. However, only a minority of them had already obtained the coverage. The respondents indicated their willingness to obtain the coverage to protect their risks. The top three significant incidents chosen by the respondents as having the potential to affect their institutions and operations (business activities, staff, welfare, etc.) were identified as the most significant incidents that could affect their institution and operations. The majority of the respondents indicated that they were willing to pay a premium for insurance coverage, but only a small number of them were able to do so.
This paper finds that in IFRS-based financial reporting, preference shares can be classified as a liability, equity or hybrid instrument. When preference shares are classified as equity, the principle pertaining to musharakah is observed. When they are categorized as debt/liability instruments, the Shari'ah ruling pertaining to debt is analyzed. It is found that the combination of principal and profit guarantee, as well as fixed guaranteed return embedded in most conventional preference shares, makes these financial instruments similar to conventional loans. The paper is of the view that a combination of loan features and equity features changes the instrument to a liability. This is the reason for the authors' view that preference shares having those primary loan features are generally classified as liability.
Both accountants and Shari'ah scholars agree on the key dimensions of intangible asset reporting, but variations arise due to a broader perception of intangible assets as including financial instruments and monetized assets. The professional accountants' views appear to be premised on economic choice consideration. In other words, they are investor-centric. Shari'sah scholars, on the other hand, are concerned with the social choice consideration of compliance and stakeholder interest.
The framework has been developed based on the fundamental Shari'ah ruling on rahn. Other considerations, such as maslahah (benefit/interest), hajah (need), dhari'AH (means), that may form a basis to depart from its original ruling are put aside and left to the discretion of the respective ShARI'ah authorities on a case-by-case basis. The paper acknowledges the possible gap between the established framework and the prevailing practices.
The findings of the paper reveal that there are some identified issues in contra trading that require future in-depth deliberation. On that basis, the paper makes two recommendations. First, it recommends a change in the formula of cash settlement for failed contracts.
The research concludes that Shari'ah evidence does not support GST and that those who allow it apply a broad interpretation of maslahah to justify it. However, the research also concludes that having tabarru' as the basis for takaful is not a strong argument for objections to the imposition of GST. The research recommends that the government review the implementation of GST on the ground that takafully has become a need of the people, whether rich or poor. The paper also recommends a thorough study be conducted on the contemporary interpretation and application of zakah on trade merchandise (zakat 'urud al-tijarah) as a more Shari'sah-compliant alternative to GST.
The research concludes that despite the positive response from the takaful industry on the requirement of compensation, some operational and Shari'ah issues require further deliberation. The research proposes solutions and recommendations for the identified issues.
The optimum size of ROSCAs is found to be three times larger than that of QHAs. Further, it is found that QHA financial contracts are more compatible with Shari'ah standards than their conventional counterparts. It is also found that the association's financial intermediation services are more efficient and cost-effective than those of ROSCA.
It is believed that the ISRA-Bloomberg Shari'ah screening and cleansing of stocks will be well received in the global market and will enhance the screening of shares and income cleansing exercises worldwide. It is also believed that this paper will be useful for investors to understand the process of the income cleansing of the profit or profit generated from stocks.
The study finds that the market share of Islamic banks (IBs) in Turkey has stagnated at around 5 per cent, which is quite small compared to countries such as Malaysia (21 per cent), Qatar (26 per cent) and Kuwait (45 per cent). The reasons for the stagnation can be summarised in five dimensions: Shari'ah governance: No framework exists, and practices of IBs may widely differ. Instrument variety: IBs rely almost totally on murabahah. Perception of Islamic banking: The public seems to be not convinced of the Sharis'ah compliance of Islamic Banking. Inefficiency of IB's: The figures show that IBs are less efficient and the gap is widening. Lack of academic studies and research institutions: There are not sufficient intellectual efforts to tackle the aforementioned problems.
Under the dividend method, purging is restricted to the case where the company distributes a dividend. If the company does not declare a dividend, or even if it does, but the investor had already sold his shares earlier, he is not required to purge any amount though the interest was earned when he held the shares. Hence, complete purging of impure income is not possible by using this method - in fact, only a very minor part of the interest gets purged. Under the AAOIFI method, the liability becomes the responsibility of the investor only if he continues to hold the shares till the end of the accounting period; otherwise, the entire liability of purging must be borne by someone else who was holding the shares at the time of the purging and may have perhaps held them for perhaps a fraction of the entire period over which they were held.
The model incorporates some risk management measures, in particular, the reserve fund to cover the operational expenses and the takaful unit to address the issue of adverse selection and default risks. It is important to note that although the model is proposed for refugees, it can also be utilised to cater for microfinance programmes for all displaced and war-affected populations.
The proposed model has clearly differentiated the banks on basis of Shari'ah non-compliance risk. The weights assigned in the model were based on personal judgments, and these were correct to the extent that the end score calculated for each bank has clearly highlighted their strengths and weaknesses.
Preliminary challenges found are the following: insufficient sukuk instruments that can be used in the accumulation stage of the annuity product. Downsizing of the sukUK market as a result of under-rating and possible default events. The challenge of longevity risk as people are living longer due to improved living conditions and health care programmes. This would mean that the regular payouts of the takaful annuities would have to undergo a harmonization of assets and liabilities to avoid paying more annuity for longer lives (asset-liability mismatch). The deficit of theannuity fund and the operational aspect of qardan (loan injection and repayment) and its repayment.
There is a need for zakah and waqf authorities to issue fatwas and work closely with takaful operators to come up with micro-takaful products to serve the needs of the society. The effective integration of both concepts in micro-Takaful to support financial inclusion will certainly have positive impacts on the lives of underprivileged members of the Society.
The major findings of the research are as follows: the prohibited bay'wa salaf is a sale or an exchange contract in which one of the contracting parties stipulated (or acted in a manner equal to stipulation) that he will give a loan to, or receive a loan from, his counterparty alongside the contract, or a stipulation to sell or buy was included in a loan contract, thereby resulting in receiving the price and the benefit of the loan against the commodity or service delivered, or resulting in the seller selling a commodity and providing a loan facility to the buyer, as expressly ruled by the Prophet (peace be upon him). There is, however, disagreement among jurists on the status of such contracts that combine a sale and a loan in one transaction. Most jurists invalidated the contract ab initio without allowing for remedy, whilst the Maliki School validated the contract if the prospective beneficiary does not receive the loan.
The results of this study confirm that organizations need to improve their resilience. Entrepreneurial resilience has been recognized in recent years as a key element in explaining entrepreneurial behavior overcoming discomfort, coping with uncertainty, and learning from past failures. Therefore, resiliency development is essential for entrepreneurs to keep up their businesses.
The findings of this study revealed that the commitment competency has a significant and positive effect on micro-enterprise income, whereas only opportunity recognition competencies has a positive and significant effect on the net-worth of micro-entrepreneurs' assets in Malaysia.
The results show that experienced entrepreneurs are more likely to appoint early boards with greater human capital (entrepreneurial, technical/scientific, industry-specific, marketing, finance and director) and with greater functional diversity. The authors find broad support for most dimensions of human capital.
The results of the empirical analysis reveal, in the first place, that the decision to distribute dividend by firms depends on the managers' degree of entrenchment investor preference for dividend-paying stocks translates into lower payout ratios in those firms with high levels of managerial ownership. Second, investor sentiment is positively impacted by firms with a high degree ofEntrenchment managers, for which investors manifest weaker expectations about receiving higher dividends.
The results of the study indicate that the respondents are aware of environmental issues and are concerned about the impact of these issues on the environment. However, they are not willing to buy green products due to lack of knowledge, awareness and awareness of green purchasing behavior (GPB) of young generation in Pakistan.
This study reveals that most of the Nigerian firms under consideration have been able to achieve only regional internationalization and none can be said to have fully been ableto achieve what can be termed full internationalization. Considering the dynamic nature of the institutional environment, fast-paced nature and the numerous issues Nigerian firms contend with in their daily business operations, there is a strong need to further this study to robust empirical studies preferably to a mixed methodology to these emerging phenomena on prospects and challenges associated with internationalization by Nigerian firms.
The results of the study proved the role of customer satisfaction as a mediator and perceived price as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry of Pakistan.
The results of the study revealed that ESDU mediates the relationship between EE and CVSD. Specifically, the results of this study showed that the mediating role of ESD U was found to be significant. The findings of the current study also revealed that the effect of EE on CVSD was mediated by ESDUs.
The results of the study showed that attitude, subjective norms, perceived behavioural control and perceived efficacy are behavioural antecedents that can be manipulated by the exogenous factor to enhance EIMW students' entrepreneurial intentions (EIs).
The preliminary results suggest that superior performance in TEP is associated with a greater likelihood of acquiring a job with entities that are innovative, in our case, MNCs. Moreover, the acquisition of EO is facilitated by a selection process that picks students with a penchant for rigourous coursework as exemplified by the fact that students that are admitted into the programme are those who perform better in their respective engineering college curriculum.
The results of this study illustrated the positive impact of women entrepreneurship on all economies of world including developed and developing nations. It is pertinent to note that motives of women entrepreneurs are different for developing and developed countries. In most of the regions of the world, local ethics and cultural values define the roles of women working outside the territory and creating hurdles to their ventures around the globe. So, apart from technical and financial expertise, women have to overcome the cultural and ethical barriers if they want to be successful as entrepreneurs.
The findings of the study revealed that all the independent variables have a robust and positive association with entrepreneurial SMEs performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans. The study also revealed that trade credit (TC), retain earning (TC) and small small and medium enterprises (SMEs) performance are positively associated with CL.
The results show that there are total effects among independent, mediating and dependent variables. This translates that users of Airbnb can trust the company and use the technology if they find it easy, convenient, secure and information social influence. Information social influence played an important part when it comes to trust as this economy relies on social media and previous user's ratings for quality measurement.
The results indicate that the national policies and supply chain collaboration have a positive and significant impact on innovations of Malaysian LED manufacturing companies. However, corporate entrepreneurship has a moderating effect on the relationship between national policies, supply chain collaborations and innovations.
The results of this study reveal that mobbing has a negative effect on the service innovation performance of the employees working in the manufacturing sector. The results also reveal that boreout has a partial mediating effect in the relationship between mobbing and service innovation behavior.
The results of the study revealed that entrepreneurial education has a positive and significant effect on the entrepreneurial intention of undergraduate students in Ghana. The results also revealed that the effect of entrepreneurial education on entrepreneurial intention is mediated by the entrepreneurial attitude of the students. The findings of this study, therefore, suggest that the introduction of entrepreneurship education in the tertiary institutions in Ghana has had a positive effect on entrepreneurial intentions of students.
It was found that traits of INN need for the achievement and ILC can influence the attitude towards entrepreneurship except for the following: risk-taking propensity, internal locus of control and tolerance of ambiguity. This result revealed that Asnaf Millennials were concerned about their own characteristics of being entrepreneurs in the future.
The results of the study show that the students opting for a vocational program are more likely to be more entrepreneurial than those opting for an academic program in terms of perceived self-efficacy (PSE), subjective norms (SN) and entrepreneurial intentions (EIs). The results also show that PSE, SN, PC and EI are positively associated with EIs.
The findings of this study revealed that intrapreneurship was found to be positively related to knowledge sharing behaviour (KSB) and personality traits of employees. Knowledge sharing behaviour moderated the relationship between personality traits (PTs) and IB. The results also revealed that KSB moderates the relationship of personality traits with intrapraneurial behaviour (IB).
The findings of this study indicate that customer orientation, competitor orientation, inter-functional coordination and supplier orientation have a significant impact on SME innovativeness. The results also indicate that supplier orientation has a significant positive impact on the relationship between market orientation and SME innovation.
The results show that EFCs have a positive and significant impact on business sustainability among the youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. The results also show that the EFC of availability of financial sources for new businesses, government support policies or programs, business education and training, the efficiency of the technological transfer mechanisms, the access to professional support services for the new businesses and the physical infrastructures, social norms and cultural values, and so forth, are some of the institutional factors that have a bearing on the sustainability of the businesses. However, the results do not show any significant impact of the entrepreneurial framework conditions on the business sustainability.
The findings of the study indicate that personal characteristics, subjective norms, entrepreneurial ecosystem, entrepreneurial self-efficacy, perceived desirability, perceived feasibility and entrepreneurial potential have a significant impact on the entrepreneurial intention of women entrepreneurs in India. In addition, it has been found that perceived feasibility has a significant influence on the intention to start a business.
The empirical results reveal that attitude toward beneficiary is influenced by shared value and familiarity. Similarly, the donor's self-esteem is affected byshared value and esteem identity. Furthermore, the findings indicate that NPO trust is affected By role competence and familiarity but not By shared value. Rather, trust and self- esteem have significant impacts on the intention to continue donating to the NPO, and PWOM intention as hypothesized. Nonetheless, attitude toward the beneficiary has no significant impact on both intention to continued donating and PW OM intention.
The results confirm the relevant role of the factor and provide information on the differential effect of variables across stages. This constitutes the main contribution: why firms choose different levels of debt in different stages of their lifecycles. The authors found that the life cycle variable reflecting the market timing is not significant in either context; it means that no significant support is found for the theory of market timing.
The results of the study indicate that the pursuit of low-cost strategy is extremely relevant to restaurants in Ghana. Concerning the effect of competitive intensity, it is observed that though it is positively related to all the performance indicators, the strength of the impact is weak in terms of financial performance. The effect of the relationship supports the findings of Cadogan et al. (2003).
The results of the study indicate that there is no significant difference in the level of entrepreneurial characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups. However, there is a significant difference between the levels of characteristics between the two groups. The results also indicate that the entrepreneurial characteristics of university students are significantly higher among the not inclined group compared to the entrepreneurly inclined group.
The results show that CCI is positively related to sales performance and unethical sales behavior. Further, CCI, task characteristics (e.g. difficulty, clarity and performance pressure) and salespeople's psychological states ( mindfulness, self-justification) are found to have significant effects on unethical sales behaviors. Moreover, the results also show that salespeople with high levels of self- justification are more likely to engage in unethical behavior.
The results show that co-creation has a positive and significant impact on customer satisfaction. The factors contributing towards co-creating customer satisfaction include access to information, risk assessment, transparency and dialogue. However, dialogue was found to be a weaker factor in co-created customer satisfaction than the other factors. The results also show that the relationship between the DART model and customer satisfaction is significant.
The results showed significant (t-values = 3.73) and positive (path coefficient = 0.59) correlation between the effect of open innovation on organizational performance in STPs in Yazd, but this hypothesis was rejected in the context of an innovative culture. The results also showed that external technology acquisition and external technology exploitation have a positive and significant impact on value creation and organizational performance.
The results show that the impact of the IoT on social innovation (SIs) in Japan is positive and significant. The IoT has been instrumental in the promotion of innovation, improving the exchange of ideas and the development of knowledge management systems. It is a disruptive innovation that is altering the way in which information and knowledge is managed within organizations to foster knowledge flows, open flow of knowledge and knowledge management system.
The results of the study revealed that there is a significant positive relationship between micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. Specifically, it was found that the training has a positive and significant impact on the entrepreneurial competency of low- Income Households.
Qualitative research results reveal the expectations of women entrepreneurs. These expectations generally focus on financial and social support and fairness practices. In addition, unfair practices that women have experienced may also cause responses to be reactive. For this reason, it is recommended that WEM should be evaluated with various model studies for future research.
The results show that PBC, SN and PBC have a positive significant effect on EI. In addition, SN between PBC and EI was found to be a direct antecedent to intentions. The study achieved statistically significant explanatory power of 62.5 per cent of the variations in EI, due to the relationships between the variables.
The results of the study show that the EO of the organizations led by founder CEO is better than those led by a hired CEO. CEO narcissism has a moderating effect on the relationship between CEO ownership and EO.
The findings of the study reveal that the level of market orientation of a firm determines the degree of entrepreneurial behaviour. Further, development of prudent marketing policies remains the pivot for true entrepreneurial success. In other words, entrepreneurial principles anchor on marketing thoughts in a highly uncertain business environment affect MSME growth.
The results of this study confirmed that product quality has a positive and significant effect on brand image and Islamic physical attribute has a mediating effect on the relationship between product quality and consumer satisfaction. The results also confirmed that Islamic beliefs can affect brand image. Finally, the results confirmed that brand image has a direct effect on consumer satisfaction and mediates the effect of product quality on the product quality-consumer satisfaction relationship.
The findings of the study reveal that the majority of the Tibetan entrepreneurs are not much dependent on accessing credit from the bank as their source of finance is informal through friends and relatives. These entrepreneurs face challenges and problems due to lack of availability of finance, technical knowledge, managerial skills, availability of resources and infrastructure, awareness about entrepreneurship schemes and regulatory framework, market linkage, etc. which obstruct the growth and development of the entrepreneurship in the country.
In the lower regime of the number of companies, most keywords contribute to a quantity change of firms. However, it does not persist in the higher region. In contrast, the higher regime for an amount of money is influenced by keywords. Finally, this study suggests that the process of company establishment is not caused by any long-term shocks. In the short run, there is a small change among these keywords by shifting from one to another one.
The results show that entrepreneurial orientation has a significant positive effect on business performance, while environmental dynamism, consisting of the uncertainty of environment and intensity of competition, and business strategies have a significant negative effect on the business performance.
The results of the study revealed that NR and KA mediate the relationship between network reliance and entrepreneurial PERF. It was also found that EO and EI play a moderating role in the relationships between KA and NR and between NR and PERF, whilst EI moderates the relationship of NR and knowledge acquisition.
The results of the study revealed that the innovation capabilities have a positive and significant impact on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. It is also found that there is a significant positive relationship between innovation capabilities and service innovation. However, there is no significant relationship between service innovation and new service success.
The results of the study revealed that environmental concern mediates the relationship between green purchase awareness and green purchase behavior (GRPB). It was also found that green awareness has a positive effect on GRPB. However, green purchase intention does not mediate the relationship of environmental concern with green purchase intentions. Moreover, the results of this study also revealed that green purchase experience has a negative effect on green purchase intent.
The result of the path analysis and mediation test substantiated that entrepreneurial skills and market orientation were resources of the firms, thereby affecting performance directly and indirectly. Moreover, networking was a unique resource that influenced enterprise performance through entrepreneurial competencies. Although this finding disagrees with the proposed hypothesis, it contributed to the literature of RBV in specific.
The ISEO scale was found to be a valid and reliable measure of IEO in the context of S-ENT. The findings of the study revealed that IEO is a multidimensional construct consisting of four dimensions (i.e. self-efficacy, self-direction, social orientation and social responsibility). The study also found that the ISEO can be used as a tool to assess the competencies of social entrepreneurs in terms of their social orientation.
It is found that psychological capital mediates the effect of ethical leadership on service innovation behavior in this study, which we conducted on the employees of joint stock companies registered in Chamber of Commerce, that there is a significant relationship between ethical leadership, service innovation and psychological capital. The majority of participants are in the 25-35 age range at higher school level. In addition, the majority of the participants are married, have less than five years of work experience, male and do not have vocational qualification.
The results of the study reveal that team-based entrepreneurship has a positive and significant impact on the innovation performance of SMEs. In addition, the study reveals that communication and collaboration within a firm have a positive impact on collective entrepreneurship.
This paper proposes a conceptual framework that minimizes external mergers and acquisitions and focuses on improving internal innovation performance. This research discusses the relationships among the inputs and outputs and finds that internal innovativeness will increase and that employees will be more inclined to demonstrate corporate entrepreneurial behavior once the strategic approaches are inputs.
Accelerators are recognized as a new player in promoting entrepreneurial ecosystems, but their specific impact on the market is not yet clear. Accelerators play a critical role in fostering entrepreneurship. The insights and skills they bring to emerging ventures are invaluable resources. What Accelerators, angels, angels and venture capitals have in common are that they all try to reduce trial and errors in start-up companies.
The results of the study reveal that the factors of IC are grouped into three categories, namely, drivers of IC, enablers of IC and inhibitors of IC in the MSME sector of India. The ranking of the factors is based on their overall influence over the other factors. Moreover, sensitivity analysis has been performed to ensure the robustness of the findings. The results of sensitivity analysis show that there is no significant difference in the rank of the drivers of innovation capability (IC) among MSMEs.
The authors found that crowdfunding in China is still in its infancy stage compared to other relatively mature markets. It is an innovative and disruptive force by sidestepping traditional financing system. It plays a significant role in funding and risk sharing from a different kind of investor's providing an alternative financing vehicle for MSMEs as well as enthusiastic investors in China. Since its initial introduction to China in 2009, crowdfunding has gained substantial popularity in a relatively short period. Currently, there is still not an identifiable guideline on how to delineate the significance of the crowdfunding platform.
The results show that the joint use of LCA and LCC has made it possible to combine the estimation of environmental impact with industrial cost, including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective). On the basis of the analysis, the authors can suggest two possible areas for improvement: reducing energy consumption and reducing the average distance travelled by transport vehicles for sourcing raw materials (supplier perspective).
It was found that Korean diaspora entrepreneurs who are willing to make investments evaluated the investment climate of Korea more positively than those who were not willing to do so, except in their evaluation of labor law and labor unions.
The results show that the proactive personality and perceived university support have the significant impact on the female student's entrepreneurial intentions. Entrepreneurial self-efficacy mediates the impact of proactive personality on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan. Perceived concept development support and perceived business development support have a positive impact on entrepreneurial intentions and proactive personality has no significant impact.
The findings revealed that risk taking propensity, innovativeness, proactiveness and autonomy have a significant positive effect on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance. In addition, the results also revealed that the effect of entrepreneurial orientation on competency has a positive and significant effect on enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan.
The results of the study showed that EI was found to be a significant predictor of entrepreneurship attitudes and personality attributes. Entrepreneurship attitudes were found to mediate the relationship between EI and personality traits. Entrepreneurial attitudes mediated the relation between personality attributes and EI. The mediating effect of EI on entrepreneurship attitudes was also confirmed.
The results of this study were as follows. First, among the subfactors of entrepreneurial orientation, it was clear that innovative progressiveness affected nonfinancial business performance. Second, risk-taking propensity did not influence both financial and nonfinancial performance. Third, both entrepreneurship education had no connection with both entrepreneurial orientation or business performance, and entrepreneurship education moderated the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and financial performance.
A successful SRM is not feasible without a clear understanding of SCF. Financial breakdown during the Great Recession of 2008-2010 taught an important lesson that SCF is one of the critical components in sustainable supply chain operations. This paper is organized as follows: brief literature review is given in which is followed by framework for health-care industry.
The results show that spinoff entrepreneurs are more likely to have a higher level of personal capability, entrepreneurial drive and social capital than non-spinoff entrepreneurs. However, the authors also found that the probability of success for spinoffs is significantly lower than for non- spinoffs. The authors also find that the likelihood of success is significantly higher for spinoff than for other entrepreneurs.
The results of the study show that the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in South Korea is significantly higher than that of for-profit organizations. Also, the results show that there is a significant difference in the efficiency between NPOs that receive government grant and those that do not receive government's grant.
The results show that Hermeneutics can be used as an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company. In addition, it is shown that it is possible to design a brand identity that is consistent with the corporate brand, business brand and product brand.
The findings of the current work suggest that perceived opportunities in the country, fear of failure, IPR, KT and overall university education system have a significant impact on the EC of ASEAN-5 countries. Moreover, internal variables such as perceived opportunities for the entrepreneur, and views on EnGC were shown to play a larger role in determining the quality of the EC environment in comparison to the degree of fear of Failure. The findings of this study also suggest that the overall university-industry-government environment of the five countries in the region is characterized by a relatively low degree of entrepreneurial activity.
The results indicate that economic vulnerability has a significant negative effect on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. In addition, the results also reveal that the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competence is stronger among those who live below the poverty line income (PLI).
The results of the study revealed that innovative capability and strategic goals are positively related to the financial performance of SMEs in Ghana. Also, it was found that there is a significant relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance.
The findings of this study show that there are four macro-level enabling conditions that contribute to the formation and growth of SBEs in the Philippines: government institutions, financial services, entrepreneurial culture and the entrepreneurial culture. The findings also show that government institutions act as an instrument that, when effectively utilized, can promote social enterprises' socio-economic value.
First, this research has highlighted the complementary relationship between private VCs and government VCs. Although it has not been widely widely widely discussed in Japan, extracted six peer-reviewed papers find that syndications with private VC's have positive correlation with portfolio's exit, growth, innovation and staging. Moreover, the positive correlation is also obtained in government fund of funds of Japanese VCs should be based on the complementary relationships with privateVCs. Next, this paper has also discussed the development policies of the Japanese VC market by government VC. According to a total of 15 related peer- reviewed papers, it is not sure whether government VC market has contributed directly to the VC market. However, according to the research on NTBF policies including government VC policies, many researchers pointed out the prominence of execution of multiple policies simultaneously. Furthermore, it also revealed that government commitments to these sectors for a long period of time.
The authors found partial support for the proposition on the financial resource acquisition. Theoretical and empirical analyses show that startups with a high degree of external locus of legitimacy tend to hire employees to meet the institutional expectation from the outside and tend to ally with organizations with similar legitimacy. However, startups with high internal locus-of-legitimacy tend to hired employees who can fulfill the organization's goal to survive as business organizations and tends to allyWith organizations with contributing resources.
The results show that R&D capability has a positive impact on both patent and new product development. The results also show that patent has a direct effect on corporate performance, and the effect of R& D capability on patent is stronger for innovation-type SMEs than for non-innovative ones.
The results of the study revealed that there is a significant positive relationship between strategic planning and performance of SMEs in Ghana. However, market dynamism was found to have a negative moderating effect on the relationship between the two variables. The results also revealed that the effect of strategic planning on SMEs' performance is stronger in the presence of high market dynamicism.
Although the BCD was originally designed for solving problems of regional SMEs, the authors found that it not only solved the inherent problems of the company but also strengthened the network ties of entities in the business ecosystem. The authors were able to confirm that Network type 1 (the relationship between the problem-owner and the consultant) additionally formed after the program. Network type 2 (the relationships between the consultant and problem-owners) was additionally formed by the professors who mainly led the program, and Network type 3 (the network ties between the consultants and the SMEs) was also formed by professors. The results show that the network structure of business ecosystem has changed after BCD.
The results of the study reveal that decent working conditions have a positive and significant impact on work-life balance of the employees of the SMEs. However, there is a significant negative relationship between decent work conditions and work- life balance. The results also reveal that the presence of decent working condition has a significant and positive impact on the employees' quality of life.
The findings of the study revealed that the status and conditions of SMEs as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island are as follows: membership/ownership structure; leadership; policies, systems and procedures; resource mobilization; linkages and networking; communication systems; and awards and recognition; and the level of empowerment of rural communities with SMEs in terms of material, perceptual and relational changes. Moreover, the degree of relatedness of organizational variables to the level in empowering rural communities was also found.
It was shown that principles such as chained blocks, distributed ledger, time-stamping and consensus could be transferred. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false false information into the process to gain control over the entire network. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor.
First, as a result of examining the case of Korea and abroad, it can be seen that the areas where the blockchain application is most actively applied in the financial sector is expanded to settlement, remittance, securities and smart contracts. To expand the use of blockchain technology in the future, the efficiency and safety of technology and cost of existing systems should be studied simultaneously with thorough test-bed verification. Second, the move to introduce a closed (private) distributed ledger that does not go through the central bank is accelerating. In global financial transactions, such as Ripple and Korea Bank Association, a closed public distributed ledger service involving banks and customers is emerging in the international remittance service.
The results show that all processes such as blockchain generation, connection, asset issuance and transaction are executed correctly according to the scenario. However, the system in this study is still slow to be applied in real situations where lots of nodes are connected. In addition, Multichain alone is not sufficient for partial transactions where only a portion of the proposed volume is concluded.
The results show that institutional support has a positive effect on women's entrepreneurial self-efficacy, which in turn has an indirect effect on entrepreneurial success through the mediating effect of entrepreneurial success. In addition, the findings show that women's self-confidence mediates the relationship between institutional support and entrepreneurial self -efficacy. The results also show that social cognitive mechanisms mediate the relationship of institutional support with entrepreneurial self.
The results of the hypotheses present that restatements do not lead to auditor changes, and, as the severity of a restatement increases, an auditor change in the year following the auditor change also does not increase. In financial restating companies with strong corporate governance, the auditor changes do not happen more than it does in other firms. In addition, in companies that are not restating, non-big audit firms are no more likely to change their auditor than big audit firms.
The results revealed the significant positive effects of monetary saving, hedonic benefit and novelty on perceived value. Novelty was found to be the strongest predictor of perceived value, which implies the importance of providing experiences to guests that are different from the usual. It was also found that social interaction does not influence perceived value despite many studies highlighting this specific benefit in using Airbnb. This result suggests that the opportunity to interact and form relationships with locals does not enhance the value of using Airbnb among South Korean guests. Results further reveal the significant negative effect of psychological risk on perceivedvalue.
- K Tire's decision to adopt the RFID technology for the first time in the global tire industry, despite the uncertainties associated with the adoption of innovative technologies, is being lauded as a successful case of innovation. The adoption of the technology distinguishes K Tire from other competitors, which usually rely on bar codes. To cope with various technological impasses, K Tire demonstrated the importance of institutional and corporate entrepreneurship.
In the study, pro-activeness of entrepreneurship was found to be most influential to students' entrepreneurial intentions. It has been also verified that the substantive indirect experiences such as leadership and network activities are highly influential to the entrepreneurial intentions of ICT majors. Existing studies showed that establishment of networks from which the students can receive help while they are preparing for their start-ups or afterward are significantly important to the improvement.
The findings show that the IoT industry has inherent disruptive and open innovation attributes. The IoT-SME has followed an innovation-driving and growth path consisting of self-evolution, aligned cooperation and their mix of innovation strategies. The study also discovered that the innovation strategies of the IoT SMEs in Korea are facing challenges in global market entry. The first obstacle is the lack of information to sense and judge the market situation. The lack of diverse information, which hinders decision making, makes it difficult for them to accommodate market needs. The second obstacle is a lack of capability to adapt to changes. The third obstacle is lack of knowledge management. The fourth obstacle is not having the capability to transform to learning organizations.
First, switching barriers, voice of customer (VOC) and subscription period have direct associations with the degree of IPTV usage. Second, it is shown that switch barriers, VOC and membership period are partly associated with the defection of customers. Bundling was effective in discouraging service switching. Meanwhile, high VOC frequency was associated with higher chance of customer defection.
The results show that deep and surface acting are positively related to work engagement and boundary spanner creativity, whereas surface acting has a negative effect on work engagement. In addition, surface acting is negatively related to salespeople's emotional exhaustion, which has a positive effect on boundary spanners' creativity. The results also show that emotional exhaustion has a moderating effect on the relationship between deep acting and boundary-spanning creativity.
- Emotional attachment was positively and significantly affected by brand benefit including aesthetic and symbolic brand concepts. Consumers' emotional attachment has a positive influence on customer commitment. Finally, customer commitment affects brand equity significantly. These findings suggest that emotional attachment and customer commitment are separate constructs that combine to determine different types of emotional attachment.
The results show that the antecedents of initial trust have a significant impact on behavioral intention to use mobile banking services. Disposition to trust, perceived quality, infrastructure quality, perceived costs, privacy, security and security are the major factors that influence initial trust. The results also show that demographic variables have a moderating effect on the relationship between initial trust and behavioral intention of non-adopters.
This study suggests TC as a strategic determinant for governance decision of innovation function of a MNC; and this study makes a strong connection framework of distance-discretion-transaction costs. It is argued that if MNC's innovation is located in a highly heterogeneous host country market and the level of discretion of innovation is to be increased, the MNC will make governance decision (i.e. whether its innovation function is outsourced to a third-party supplier situated in host country).
In the relatively short period since the implementation of this project, school principals, teachers, students and parents have reported significant positive results by way of improved student attitude and behavior, renewed teaching enthusiasm and closer relationships within their immediate community. Most schools report that EE has been about bringing an entrepreneurial spirit into the school. Others have been engaged in the process of entrepreneurship for a number of years and rightly claim, that their success as an institution is largely founded on principles and values associated with an entrepreneurial culture. Still others have emphasized that EE should not be seen as a destination but as a journey toward continuous improvement in teaching practice.
The data from Wikipedia are somewhat limited because Wikipedia encourages its editors to take neutral positions on issues. Even though the selected words are neutral, the data offer insightful information, which is worthy to give an attention. The data include surprisingly rich ontological information about nation image in both breadth and depth that offer different aspects to the ones from traditional methodology. Nation image from Wikipedia is partial only limited to its awareness.
The results revealed that participation motivation was found to be the most important factor for golf range users' participation motivation, followed by satisfaction and exercise adherence intention. Among the sub-factors, participation motivation had the strongest relationship with satisfaction, and the relationship between participation motivation and satisfaction was the strongest among the subfactors. The results also revealed that golf driving range users were more satisfied with the golf driving ranges than they were with the other driving ranges.
The findings of the study indicate that the innovation competence has a significant influence on the firm level competitiveness of the agro-food processing firms in the state of J&K in India. The innovation competence is found to be instrumental in defining the competitive performance of the firms in such industry sectors.
Most respondents have high averaged tends descriptively on behavior beliefs, normative beliefs, motivation to comply, control belief, control power and control belief power. Only the evaluation of that consequences gives a medium tend of about 50.26 per cent. Factor affecting entrepreneur's intention in agricultural sector is subjective norm or external factor. Nevertheless, the attitude toward the behavior and perceived behavioral control have no effect on the intention of the sector.
According to findings of the research, four steps in establishment of MBNPO are clear: identifying the target group that the MBN PO will service; providing services to meet the demand of stakeholders; designing appropriate communication tactics; and deploying proper organizational structure to accomplish efficient communication. The four steps mentioned previously make the information and service circulate efficiently and continuously betweenMBNPO and target stakeholders. There are three transforming modes listed as below: product innovation, operational innovation, and synergetic development.
The results reveal that a more balanced gender composition in top management team is associated with higher growth performance rather than proportional dominated by gender. The results also highlight the role played by the education level of female top managers in the relationship between female participation in TMT and the SMEs growth performance. In fact, the education levels of female executives weakened the moderating effect on the inverted U-shaped relationship, which means that the lower education level the female executives have, the more significant this relationship will be.
The findings of the study revealed that the average length of operations of the IGPs of UEP was three years. The average number of clients served by the IGP was 1,812. The number of staff employed by the IGP was 1.5 times the number of employees of the UEP. There was a significant relationship between the profile of IGP staff and the length of operation of the project. The study also found that there is a significant difference between the number and the extent of staff of each IGP.
The conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention is based on the social cognitive career theory (SCCT) and it has been found that the SCCT can explain the formation of individual's intention to become an entrepreneur in the case of social entrepreneurship.
The results show that ISP and BPR have been generally carried out by larger businesses, but the growing importance of information management and greater complexities require more systematic management of information technology and strenuous efforts for process restructuring in SMEs. The results also show that the ERP performance of Korean SME manufacturers is different according to the BPR and ISP and levels of ERP customization.
From comparative analysis of the data from structured questionnaires given to university students in Canada and Korea, a noticeable difference was revealed. The answers from Canadian students and Korean students in the questionnaires revealed a noticeable noticeable difference in certain areas, in which the boycott intentions of both groups received relatively high mean mean scores. The difference in consumer boycott intentions between Korean and Canadian students can be explained by differences in their perception of consumer behavior; Canada is a multi- ethnic nation, whereas Korea is a single-ethnic nation.
The authors find that organization barriers, technological benefits and government-driven policies are the most important determinants of RFID adoption. The authors also find that the impact of technological factors varies from developing to developed countries, including North America, Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia. In addition, the authors find out that the impacts of public policy vary across various countries.
From the comparison, empirical results are found for the characteristics of the core firm size distribution: first, the firm size distributions of the manufacturing sector have a longer tail than the service sector. Second, the manufacturing firm size Distribution dominates the entire country firm size distributed. Third, one factor among the three factors that make up the mixed gamma distribution is described for 99 per cent of the firm sizes. From the estimated firm sizes distributions of service sector and manufacturing sector in Korea, the author can simply present the strategy and corporate policy implications for the enterprise business.
Based on the case study and in-depth interviews with staffs and customers of haitao shopping malls, the authors postulate that the service innovation strategies of Amazon.cn and Gmarket.co.kr are different from each other, and the key success factors of both companies are market-creating service innovation and customer-oriented service innovation. In addition, the results of the comparative case study show that the success factors influencing the performance of the two companies are different.
The results showed that consumers are more attracted to discount rates than limited quantity when there is a small, limited quantity; conversely, the discount rate is low when there are large, limited quantities. Moreover, temporal distance moderated the relationship between discount rate and attraction of limited quantity, and the effect of discount rate on attraction was stronger for limited quantity than for limited supply.
The resulting accomplishments include the establishment of NPD processes that resonate with the current states of the Company "T", which ensures the increase of efficiency, the decrease in development duration and the strategy-concentration and priority-selection.
The decision to build a new venture by an entrepreneur has been revealed as somewhat complex, requiring a considerable degree of knowledge and skill. The process of identifying, defining and assessing a market-related need or problem through new venture creation is, in itself, a time-consuming and often frustrating exercise. Despite the rapid and significant advances in technology enabling the simplification of complex processes and quick deployment of innovative solutions, considerable reliance is still focused on the cognitive capacity of entrepreneurs to build sustainable new ventures that will cater for dynamic market needs.
The results show that entry of the large competitor will reduce the uncertainty of incrementally new product (INP) and positively affect SME new products; the same entry had negative effects on INPs. Also, the interaction effect of new product type and the entry of large competitor with regard to the purchase intention of SMEs new products were mediated by market uncertainty but not by technological uncertainty.
The results show that firms' market orientation, technology orientation, learning orientation and entrepreneurial orientation are positively related to INNO, and market orientation is the most important driver of INNO. In addition, firms' learning orientation is found to have a stronger positive effect on INNO than market orientation and learning orientation has a stronger effect on TO than entrepreneurial orientation. The results also show that INNO has a positive impact on firms' performance. Finally, the results indicate that the relationships among firms' strategic orientations and INNO are hierarchical.
The results of the case study show that the proposed method can be used to obtain precise vehicle localization information in real-time, and it can be applied to many security applications such as collision warning, platooning and automatic parking.
The results show that the proposed path planning and control method is capable of generating a safe lane-change path for self-driving articulated trucks. The proposed method can be used to control the vehicle's lane-changing behavior and track the trajectory accurately and guarantees stability.
The simulation results show that the QMBSG model has a 45.4% reduction in the general evaluation function (GEF) value compared with the intersection speed guidance model in CV environment. To further verify the guidance effect of the model, this paper analyzes the influence factors of the CV environment, such as the intersection environment, communication range, penetration rate (PR), initial space headway and the block interval on guidance effect. Among them, when the PR is above 75%, the GEF value will have a mutation and the guidance effects will increase significantly. This is a good reference for congestion alleviation in the actual intersection.
The results show that the proposed model can improve the schedule adherence by improving the speed guidance and signal priority of the buses, which will further improve the efficiency of the operation of the bus system.
The results showed that the risk of using a cell phone while driving was significantly influenced by driver demographic characteristics such as drivers' age and driving experience, but not by gender. In addition, the results also showed that older drivers were more likely to engage in cell phone use while driving compared to younger drivers.
The results show that the sampling rates of 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4 Hz are the most appropriate sampling rates to capture micro-level driving behavior data without losing much information. However, the sampling rate of 1 Hz is the least appropriate sampling rate. The sampling rates that are less than 0.5 Hz are more appropriate for capturing micro-driving behavior data. The loss of information is found to be greater than 1.5 percent when sampling by 0.1 Hz than when sampled by 10 Hz.
The results obtained are as following: the average speed in on different road segments has significant difference under different visibility conditions. The visibility conditions at straight segment have been divided into five levels, which are less than 20, 20-30, 35-60, 60-140 and more than 140 m. The road visibility conditions on the curved segment are divided into four levels,which are less-20, 20, 30-35, 40-60 and 60-60 m.
The results show that the drivers' acceptance of CV-VSL system is significantly higher than that of on-road DMS and on-board HMI in fog area. In addition, the drivers are more willing to accept the DMS system than the HMI system. The results also show that there is a statistically significant difference in the acceptance between the two types of DMS systems.
The WYDOT Pilot Deployment Program has successfully deployed about 75 roadside units (RSUs) with DSRC that are able to transmit advisories and alerts to equipped vehicles along the 402-mile I-80 corridor. The deployment of these RSUs has resulted in a reduction in the number of blow-over incidents and adverse weather related incidents (including secondary incidents) in the corridor in order to improve safety and reduce incident-related delays. In addition, the deployment of CV applications has also resulted in the reduction of the total number of traffic incidents and the reduction in total travel delays.
The results showed that female drivers' ECG characteristics are significantly different from male drivers in anger and calm states. It was found that the frequency band is shorter in anger than in calm states, and the ratio of low frequency band to high frequency band in anger is greater than that in calm state. The results also showed that skin electricity, skin resistance, skin temperature, heart rate and respiratory rate are significantly higher in positive emotions than in negative emotions in anger state.
The results of this study show that the adaptive MPC algorithm can be used to predict the behavior of undetectable vehicles in the undetected area, thus, enabling the automated driving system (ADS) to perform safe fallback behavior without human intervention. Furthermore, a controller was developed from the adaptive model predictive approach to control the automated vehicle under the perceptive sensor failure event.
The proposed method can be used to quantify the driving risk in near-crash event to analyze the associated risk-factors. The results of the field test show that the proposed method is able to predict the driving safety in emergency scenarios based on connected vehicle BSMs data set. It is possible to identify the critical driving risk level in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term.
An sEMG controlled steering assistance interface with a maximized steering wheel rate (SWR) of 720 deg/s was found to have path-following accuracy that was at least comparable to a game steering wheel. The median lateral errors between the interfaces were found to be statistically significant in the case of the U-turn, with the interface being more accurate. The fastest SWR setting of the interface was associated with an acceptable path- Following Accuracy that was comparable overall to that of the game steering wheels.
In this paper, the design of the hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment has been put forward. The proposed system can effectively reduce the risk of hazardous transportation, effectively reducing risk and providing reference reference for land planning and emergency management of relevant departments. It can also improve the safety management of the transportation of hazardous materials.
The results show that the proposed traffic density extraction method can be used to estimate the traffic density of the whole road network in a free-flow environment, whereas the other traffic state, such as traffic jam, has not been considered.
The authors found that for different LC scenarios, the final selected features are different. There is no feature being sufficient for all the LC scenarios. Finally, the classification performance by using the selected features in each LC scenario is better compared to that using all features.
The results of the study show that the driver's own localization is not affected by the type of automated driving system used. However, it is found that when the driver is given a tight RtI, he/she will not be able to identify his/her location and does not know which direction to take. Also, the results show that there is no significant difference in the localization of the driver when the system is used in the L2 and L3 levels.
The results showed that the proposed model can accurately identify a driver's braking intention in real time. The results also indicated that the model was able to identify the drivers' braking intention based on the hemoglobin concentration in the cerebral cortex. The model was found to be more accurate than the existing methods.
The results showed that most of the features came out at the entrance and exit of all curves, which conclusively showed that drivers' co-occurrence of driving operations can be better reflected in lateral and vertical operations under the cornering condition.
The results show that the proposed method can be used to predict the risk of the vehicle based on the historical tracking results, and it can be applied in the detection-level fusion of multi-object tracking. The proposed method is able to reduce the number of false positives and false negatives by using the multi-sensor fusion method. The results also show that it is more efficient than the traditional distance-based collision distance and collision time logic algorithms.
This paper presents a novel lane change control system for A-IWM EV, which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and to reduce energy expenditure. The simulation results are displayed to verify the control performance and energy savings of the control system.
In vehicular networks, based on the intelligent computing, multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and vehicular positioning enhancement have been improved. So the application of intelligent computing in the vehicle network system will be more extensive, and computing intelligence will be an important technical means of car networking and improve the development of the car networking system.
Markov probabilistic decision-making of self-driving cars in a highway with random traffic flow is shown to be more effective than the traditional finite state machine (FSM) approach in the simulation study. The simulation results show that the proposed approach outperforms the FSM approach in terms of performance and efficiency.
The proposed CCAM model is able to smooth the work zone traffic flow dynamics, and it is found that the average travel time to go through the work zones and the speed oscillation are anticipated to be reduced as the penetration rate of CAVs goes up if a proper collaborative mechanism is well designed. Moreover, it is also found that CAVs can make immediate reaction to the deceleration of the leading vehicle; therefore, shorter headways are required.
Based on the harmonized analysis of the GES/FARS crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems. Combined with TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data, environmental factors, including lighting conditions, obscuring objects, vehicle speed and bicyclist speed, have been identified as the major factors that affect the performance of the proposed test scenarios and surrogate bicyclist.
The result shows that compared with the existing IS technique, the proposed method improves the test efficiency by 35 per cent and increases the accuracy of the accelerated test result by 23 per cent. Furthermore, based on the naturalistic driving data in Shanghai, typical high-risk cut-in scenarios in China are analyzed, and the proposed algorithm is validated by simulation.
Participants' perceptions of the program were generally positive, with the majority of participants reporting positive changes to their teaching practices, classroom approaches, course designs and assignment strategies. Participants reported that the program provided them with the opportunity to focus their professional learning according to their background, interests and desired outcomes. Participants also reported that they were able to take an active role in their own development through independent, collaborative and experiential learning opportunities.
The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio").
The authors find that the magnitude of the value effect of green retrofits is close to 70% and that the value uptake is driven by a cluster of indirect benefits that benefit the occupiers of the retrofitted property, including improved employee satisfaction through reputational gains for both the property owners and tenants.
The study found that the Australian property industry is responding to climate change in a number of ways, including: providing information to property institutional owners and companies about climate change impacts on the built environment; developing climate change adaptation capacity; and providing information on climate change to property investors, occupiers and users. However, the study also found that there is a lack of understanding of the information needs of the property industry in relation to the impacts of climate change on built environments and how these needs can be addressed.
The case study shows that the value of the property increases by EUR2.048m after the conducted on-site energy investment. The value increase exceeds the investment costs of EUR1.560m by EUR0.49m. More than 70 valuation professionals working in the Finnish real estate market confirmed the presented value-influencing mechanism. Furthermore, they also recognised other benefits than just the capitalised savings in operating expenses, such as improved leasability and saleability, enhanced attractiveness and a better image of the building. However, they acted more conservatively than expected when transferring these additional benefits to the cash flows of the case property.
The research verifies that the set of NNs developed speeds up energy retrofit programs, especially when applied to a large stock of buildings and provides crucial support for the decision-making. Among the major accomplishments of this research is the creation of a methodology that is not excessively data demanding, with NNs helping to overcome the problem of collecting data for building energy simulations, which is extremely time-consuming, difficult and expensive. Another important result of this paper is the flexibility of the networks developed, that can compare numerous design scenarios for different building stocks only by changing the data in the input neurons and obtaining the corresponding outputs.
The quantitative evidence points to the emergence of a "green premium" for residential values when prices achieved, or rent achieved, are regressed against EPC data. As a caveat to these collective findings, the basic measure of the EPC may not be accurate and, as acknowledged by many of the authors, the state of the market, presence of incentives and other factors could have been influential; some recognise that it is the visual signals, rather than the label, which may be important.
The quantile regression results show that EPCs have a positive and significant impact on house prices across the price spectrum. However, the impact is not uniform across price segments. The results also show that the impact of EPC scores is not fully captured by the EPC score, but rather by the "potential score".
The findings indicate that the courts consider climate change risks to be of particular concern for developments in coastal areas from future inundation as a result of sea-level rise or increased precipitation, and that they consider it important to consider which party bears that risk, and which party should be responsible for that risk. The courts also consider that it is important for developers to demonstrate that the proposed development meets the relevant planning scheme requirements and appropriately addresses all relevant risks.
There will be new and enhanced legislation and regulation around carbon pricing and energy. There will be a single reporting standard mandated by governments and adopted by investors. This will drive the decarbonisation of investment portfolios more than anything else.
The results of the study revealed that the farmers have adopted various adaptation strategies such as shifting planting dates, water-saving techniques and judicious nutrient management to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change. However, it was found that most of the farmers are not able to cope with the climatic changes due to the lack of financial and technological development. The study also found that the most important adaptation strategies adopted by paddy-growing farmers are labour management, livestock management, financial management, family management, land use, crop production and land use.
The results showed that the majority of the respondents were aware of the impacts of climate variability on their livelihoods. However, they were sceptical about the extent to which climatological evidence supported their perceptions of these impacts. The results also revealed that climate variability was perceived as a major challenge by the respondents. The majority of respondents were concerned about the impact of climate change on their agricultural practices. The findings also indicated that the respondents' perceptions were not supported by the climatic evidence.
The results of the study show that climate change impacts on water resources in the study community were perceived as a threat to water security and livelihoods. The study found that the majority of the respondents were aware of the impacts of climate change on their water resources, but they were not able to cope with the impacts due to the lack of knowledge and capacity to adapt. The majority of respondents reported that they had not been able to adapt to climate change due to lack of resources, lack of awareness and knowledge, and lack of support from the community.
The results show that farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures has a significant positive effect on agricultural output. In addition, the adoption of conservation measures by farmers has a positive and significant effect on the agricultural output of the Loess Plateau. Furthermore, the effectiveness of the measures is positively related to farmers' cost-benefit evaluation.
The results of the meta-analysis indicate that climate change has a significant impact on the ESV of the grassland ecosystem in China, and it has a positive impact on runoff regulation, gas regulation, soil formation and soil erosion control. However, it has no significant effect on soil formation. The results also reveal that the value of grassland ESV in Qinghai province is significantly higher than that of other regions in China. In addition, it is also found that there is a positive and significant relationship between climate change and the ESV.
The results showed that approximately of 80 percent of the study area was occurred a slight downward trend of the R20 index. A similar to the R50 index was recorded for the R30 index. The results also showed that the average annual maximum rainfall over the Mekong Delta over the period 1951-2014 was increasing at a rate of 2.5+-0.5 mm/year, while the average daily maximum rainfall increased at an average rate of 3.4 mm/day.
Economic growth has a significant promotion effect on the EUA price level, but this promotion effect mainly affects the price level. The huge impact of rising black energy consumption on the carbon price trend is rapid but relatively short-lived, and it has no obvious effect after convergence; however, the negative impact ofblack energy consumption decline is slower and lasts longer. The rapid development of clean energy will promote the rise of carbon price by enhancing the development expectations of market participants and adjusting the energy consumption structure. The weak development ofClean Energy also has a positive effect on EUA prices, and this positive effect has a rising trend.
Urban production system had the highest GHG emissions compared to mixed crop-livestock and pastoral production systems, indicating the effect of higher inputs in the urban systems in increasing GHG emission. However, emission intensity (i.e. emission per unit of animal product) of cow's milk was lowest in urban production system implying that there is a potential to reduce GHG emitted from mixed crop and pastoral areas by improving animal productivity. Supplementary feeding of maize grain to livestock accompanied with improvement of manure management and improvement of herd productive and reproductive parameters (e.g. through breed improvement) applied either separately or in combination have resulted in the reduction of CH4 emission, specifically enteric CH4 emissions.
The results indicate that CO2 emissions have a negative and significant impact on agricultural productivity and household welfare in Ethiopia. In addition, the study finds that the impact of CO2 emission on household welfare is positive and statistically significant. The results also indicate that the projected trend of agricultural productivity in Ethiopia follows a development path with the CRGE strategy and a conventional development path.
This study established the rainfall IDF curves for durations 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h with return periods of 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 years to support the construction of infrastructures in Ca Mau Peninsula under the impacts of climate change. The results of this work can support authorities in planning development policies as HIR events are expected to increase in frequency and magnitude in the context of climate variability.
The results show that the unit carbon tax and total carbon tax have always increased CO2 emission reduction targets in the industry; in contrast, the social welfare (WW) of the industry, consumer surplus (CS), external macro-environmental losses, and total production have decreased. The carbon tax policy and product differentiation policy have a positive and significant effect on the decline in output and emission intensity of each enterprise, as well as other economic factors. Regardless of whether there is a difference in the products produced among the enterprises, the carbon tax has always increased the CO2 emissions of the enterprises. In addition, there is always a positive effect of product differentiation and emission reduction policy on WW.
This paper summarizes the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions (discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path) and hopes to serve as a reference for future researchers and policymakers. This paper provides a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes.
The results show that N deposition has a positive and significant effect on the growth of the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis in arid and semi-arid regions. In addition, it is found that the growth rate of clonal plants is affected by the N deposition in the soil, which has a significant influence on the root-shoot ratio of the plants.
The results of the study showed that the average annual temperature in Quang Nam Province has increased by about 0.62 Celsius degree during the period of 1958-2014. In addition, in the period (1985-2014), the water level at the Vietnamese naval stations tends to increase significantly with an increase of about 2.45 mm/year. The phenomenon of El Nino and La Nina increasingly strongly affects the climate and weather of Viet Nam. The study also found that climate change has a negative and significant impact on the agricultural production in the province.
The empirical findings reveal that the industrial production causes long and short term environmental costs. The OECD IPI and atmospheric carbon emissions are found to have a strong correlation between the time domain. However, this relationship does not mostly take into account the frequency-based correlations with the tail effects caused by shocks that are effective on the economy. In addition, the empirical findings confirm the environmental Kuznets curve (EKC) approach for the short and long term.
The empirical results show that drought shock and risk-taking networks have a significant impact on the adoption of modern irrigation technology by farmers. The formal risk- taking network and the informal risk-sharing network have significant mitigating effects on the drought consequences that farmers face in adopting modern irrigation technologies. However, in rural areas of northern China, when farmers face drought shocks, it is a formal or informal risk taking network that plays a more significant role. Informal risk taking networks can consider as an effective alternative or complement to a formal risk Taking network.
The results show that there is a positive and significant relationship between logistics performance and CO2 emissions in Balkan countries. The results also show that the countries in the Balkan region that are in the process of joining the European Union (EU) have a lower level of carbon emissions than the countries that are not yet members of the EU.
The results of the study indicate that the majority of the smallholder farmers in Adama District are practicing adaptation strategies to climate change. The results also show that the most important determinants of the adaptation strategies practiced by the farmers are knowledge of climate change, knowledge about climate change and climate change adaptation, access to information and technology (IT), access to financial resources and access to technology. In addition, the results also indicate that knowledge about the climate change is the most significant determinant of the implementation of adaptation strategies.
The findings of the study revealed that the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the South Asian societies are as follows: lack of awareness about climate change; lack of knowledge about the impacts of climate change on the local communities; and lack of resources to cope up with the adverse impacts of climatic hazards. The findings also revealed that there is a significant difference in the attitudes and behaviours of the local populations towards climate change and climate change adaptation. The attitudinal challenges were found to be more prevalent in the rural areas, whereas the behavioural challenges were mainly found in the urban areas.
The results show that the correlation coefficient between the maximum temperature and NDVI is positive in wet and cold regions and negative in semi-arid and arid regions. The results also show that there is a significant increase of the NDVI in the study area from 2000 to 2017. The correlation coefficient is positive and significant at the national and provincial scales, and it is positive at the regional and regional scales as well as at the local level.
The results revealed that farmers in Lijiang have adopted a wide range of adaptation strategies to cope with climate change, including collecting wild edibles, shifting cropping time, replacing existing crops with new crops/varieties and crop rotation, and diversifying their income sources by switching to non-agricultural work such as tourism and other businesses present in their communities. However, the adaptation strategies used by farmers are location-specific and largely determined by socio-economic factors, such as the farmers' level of education, income level, age, farm size, land size, farm age, land tenure and land tenure. The results also showed that farmers' perceptions of climate change were significantly related to their adaptation strategies.
The empirical result indicates that local carbon emissions have been significantly reduced after the construction of climate financing cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions initiated by China can significantly improve environmental effects. Fragmentation may pose a challenge to traditional climate finance systems; however, cooperation of China-initiated cooperation with emerging multilaterally institutions can improve the environmental effects of climate finance.
The findings of this review indicate that the majority of the studies were conducted in developing countries, and most of them were conducted on pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). The majority of these studies were carried out in countries with low- rainfall rates and low-level of climate change adaptation (CCA). In addition, most of the research was conducted in rural areas, and the geographic distribution of studies on socioeconomic determinant factors of CCA was found to be uneven across regions.
The results indicate that energy-related emissions were the main source of direct and indirect emissions from the Indian economy. Energy-related carbon linkages were found to have the greatest impact on direct emissions, followed by non-energy-related linkages. The results also indicate that backward and forward linkages had the highest direct and internal carbon impact on emissions. In addition, the results also indicated that the direct and external emissions from different energy sources were significantly different.
This paper argues that solar energy could contribute in an efficient way to a more ambitious contribution from the Brazilian power sector to the mitigation of climate change with a reduction of 80% of emissions in 2030 compared with the value mentioned before, wherein the total expected emissions reduction is applied to the power sector.
The results show that the carbon productivities of the manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai have converged over the period of 2001-2016. In addition, the convergence of carbon productivity across the manufacturing sectors is found to be positive and significant at the subsector level, whereas it is negative at the sector level.
The results highlight consensual elements: climate change is real and underway, through rising temperatures and severe meteorological disturbances. Moreover, differentiated perceptions are observed according to the geoclimatic anchoring of the populations, notably regarding the causes of modifications of the climate or the chronology of environmental evolution. Regarding climate change adaptation strategies, according to Stehr and Storch (1995), when the effects of climate change are considered as short-term changes, they trigger psychological involvement and psychological proximity to the phenomenon. However, when climateChange is perceived as a global but distant issue with severe consequences, with long-term consequences, it does not cause a change in behavior, even for most exposed populations.
The results indicate that foreign finance has a positive and significant effect on CO2 emissions in OECD countries. The results also indicate that the relationship between foreign finance and CO2 emission is stronger in countries with higher economic growth than in those with lower economic growth.
The authors find that there is a pattern that shows FDI increasing as a result of natural disasters. When controlling for other commonly accepted determinants of FDI, such as the growth rate of income, quality of institutions and natural resource abundance, the authors do not see a change in post-disaster FDI. Further, the disaster reaction differs in the short and the long run. There is a difference between the reaction of manufacturing sector FDI inflows and services sector F DI. Arguably, the two sectoral flows transfer different kinds of technology.
The empirical findings show that climate change is projected to unfavorably to the agricultural output and incomes in China over the period of 1982-2014. In the long-run, the impacts of climate change on agricultural output are projected to decrease in the short-run and increase in the medium-run. In addition, the ARDL bounds testing shows that there is a significant positive association between rainfall, temperature and CO2 emissions with agricultural output.
The findings of the study indicated that the majority of the local people of the valley reported that climate change has a negative impact on their daily activities and livelihoods. The climate change impacts of climate change have been observed through changes in phenology and reduced agriculture production of some major crops in the Rakaposhi Valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The findings of this study also indicated that there is a need to develop enabling policies, effective communication strategies and socially accepted technologies to reduce climate vulnerability.
The findings indicate that the current choice of different packages of CSATs in three provinces are significantly affected by gender, age, number of family workers, climate-related factors, farm characteristics, distance to markets, institutional factors such as access to climate information, confidence on the know-how of extension workers, membership in social/agricultural groups and attitude toward risk, although in general these factors are found to have different effects on the adoption decision of these technologies among the three provinces.
The results of the cointegration analysis showed that wheat production in Pakistan is affected by climatic changes due to changes in rainfall, temperature and other climatic factors. The results also showed that the impact of climate change on wheat production is higher than that of other cereal crops in Pakistan.
The results show that LI and IK systems play a central role in the adoption and scaling of climate-smart agricultural innovations among smallholder farmers in SSA. LI is found to have a significant impact on the adoption of climate smart agricultural innovations, while IK has a significant effect on the scaling of these innovations. The findings also show that the role of IK and LI in climate change effects management is likely to improve adaptation to climate change.
The community explained how locals have been experiencing delayed onset of rains, long dry spells and increasing temperatures over the past few years, which have resulted in reduced crops yields from recurrent seasons. Yields of sugarcane, maize, maize and vegetables are adversely affected by the current climate trend in Buyangu forest-dependent community. Similarly, reduction in rainfall and increasing temperature have suppressed animal pastures, compromising milk output, herd sizes and livestock market values. A majority of the respondents suggested that the decline in forest resources was influenced more by the socioeconomic pressures of overharvesting rather than the manifestation of climate change and variability. The community's ignorance of the impact of climate variability on forest resources directly demonstrates the likelihood of higher vulnerabilities and the need for the community to be prepared for climate change.
The current generation of smallholder farmers is more vulnerable to climate change than the past generation. In particular, the current generation is exposed to higher intensity sunshine, temperature and wind and consequently, is affected the most by the damaging effects of these climatic hazards on their livelihoods, especially, smallholder agriculture, housing and health. Thus, CRA is critical for informing climate change adaptation planning (CCAP).
The results show that households' adaptation decisions are influenced by three dimensions: adaptation status (i.e. whether any adaptation has been undertaken by the household or not; if yes); adaptation intensity, defined as the extent (how many adaptation measures) to which adaptation measures have been performed; and adaptation strategy, referred to categories of specific adaptation measures undertaken by households that are classified into different themes of adaptation actions. The results also show that the most important determinants of adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia are household size, household income, household head's age, household size and household size of the household head.
The results indicated that age, gender, income and health status were significant predictors of household resilience to climate change shocks and stresses. In addition, social networks with relatives, friends, non government organizations (NGOs) and the government were found to have a significant positive effect on household resilience.
The results show that the overall low-carbon competitiveness of China showed an increasing trend year over year, with Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing exceeding the average level of China and gradually forming a pattern that declined from the coastal to the inland provinces. In addition, Tibet and Huixia have the lowest low- carbon competitiveness.
The results show that aging and off-farm employment hinder farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau, and farmers' technology cognition plays a mediating role in the relationship between aging and technology adoption behavior, and social network plays a moderating role. The results also show that social network can improve the human capital constraints of rural aging andOff-farm Employment on technology adoption.
The authors show how the main actors were able to craft bargains for using the resources "wasted" through policy distortions to compensate those stakeholders who incur costs in making climate-positive changes in technology use and behavior. This requires an intensive political mobilization. These bargains take the form of a series of "possibilism" - i.e. reforms in which no party is worse off and at least one party is better off.
The results show that farmers who experienced that CAW performed better under climate extremes during the 2015 wheat season, learned from their experience and increased the land area dedicated to CAW the following year. This is because learnings derived from their own experience and from neighboring farmers (i.e. noticing/communicating/social networks) is one of the important determinants of technology adoption. However, farmers who were non-adopters of CAW until 2014-2015 wheat season and adopted in 2015-2016 after observing that their neighbors benefited by CAW in both bad and normal year are cautious about expanding the area under CAW even though it copes better with untimely excess rainfall and has a higher economic benefit compared to CTW.
The results show that the city is vulnerable to the impacts of sea-level rise, salt intrusion, drought, climate extremes and climate variability. The vulnerability to climate change was found to be higher in the urban areas of Ninh Kieu, Binh Thuy, Cai Rang, Thot Not, Vinh Thanh, Co Do, Phong Dien and Thoi Lai than in the rural areas. In addition, the study found that the climate change-induced effects of sea level rise, drought and salt intrusion were more severe in the city's urban areas.
It was established that there were significant reductions in rainfall and increased variability with the within season characteristics. Productivity of smallholder farmers was found to be low and in the Techiman Municipality in particular, production was reduced by as much as 15 per cent. In the Ejura Municipality, however, the impact was not that severe, indicating that there is a spatial component to the El Nino induced rainfall variability in mid-Ghana. The major impacts of the 2015 ENSO season on smallholder maize production in the three municipalities were as follows: reduction in rainfall, reduction in productivity of farmers' maize production and reduction in crop prices.
CO2 emission from the energy sector is the major contributor to the increasing global temperature. CO2 emissions from fossil fuel consumption and other sources were reported to be the highest, contributing 55 per cent of the total amount by three major countries: China, Russia and the European Union. The results showed a continual increase in both emission amount and temperature for the period considered in the investigation. It was concluded that the proposed model provided comparatively better results by reducing the mean square error (MSE).
Rangeland vegetation in the study was able to respond positively in terms of a range of desirable attributes following rational grazing. Even if the results have shown that a protection period of three years is neither sufficient for the disappeared species to return, nor for succession to reach a new stage, particularly in the degraded Stipa tenacissima community, the reintroduction of the rest practice of gdel seems to be beneficial and a suitable tool to sustainably restore the arid rangelands under a changing climate.
The results indicate that climate change is predicted to have a significant negative impact on shrub communities of West Asia rangelands in the near future. In addition, the authors found that the impact of climate change on shrubs is likely to be greater than that of grazing pressure. The authors also found that shrub populations in the study area are likely to decrease in response to changes in climate change.
A large variation in the degree of response of bread wheat genotypes to heat stress was observed for various traits, including days to heading, days to maturity, plant height and number of spike/m2. Genotypic variance ranged from 944 to 4,44, 4,192 to 5,120 kg/ha for grain yield in the first and second SODs, respectively. Genotypes differed significantly for these traits among these experiments, indicating the presence of a sufficient genetic variability to identify the best genotypes. There was a wide range of variations in these traits; there were significant differences among the tested genotypes for variations of these traits. The genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheatgenotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan were conducted.
The results of the study indicate that the climate change has a negative impact on the livelihoods of the coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. It is estimated that the average annual temperature has increased by 2-3degC in the past 50 years and the average rainfall has decreased by about 2 per cent per year in the delta. In addition, the average sea level has risen by about 20 cm in the last 50 years, which means that the sea level will rise by 1.5-2.5 m by the end of the twenty-first century. Moreover, there is a significant increase in the number of people living in the coastal area of the delta due to climate change.
Wheat production and breeding in SSA has a huge potential to produce wheat economically and achieve food security in the face of climate change. However, there is a huge gap between local wheat production and demand which, in turn, forces countries to rely on import by incurring millions of dollars from their annual budget. The increasing demand for wheat at global level and the challenges facing wheat production such as climate change, increased cost of inputs, increased intensity of abiotic (drought, heat) and biotic (diseases and pests) stresses, make the wheat demand-supply chain very volatile and at times lead to social unrest.
The results of the study revealed that the majority of the farmers in the study area are aware of climate change, yet they fail to adopt climate change mitigation strategies. However, the adoption of agroforestry practices was found to have a significant impact on climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies in the area. Also, the results revealed that there is a significant relationship between the level of adoption of climate mitigation strategies and agro forestry practices.
The findings of this study revealed that climate change is largely perceived based on observations of variations in temperature, rainfall patterns and changes in many other observable weather conditions over the years. These observations and experiences have been used as indicators of the community's knowledge of climate change. Therefore, this study presented IKS climate governance as the best alternative for rural communities because they are not directly involved in the governance structure that was presented by Dodman and Mitlin (2015).
Elderly women are considered to be the most vulnerable to climate variability and climate change because they are the poorest in the community, followed by the elderly, the disabled, female-headed households, married women, men and, finally, the youth. Less than 30 per cent of women and men in both Katanga and Nyanza regions are married and the majority of women are illiterate. The majority of pastoralists in the study are female- headed households. They are more likely to be illiterate and have lower adaptive capacity to climate change than their male counterparts. In addition, they are less likely to have access to formal education.
The findings revealed that the use of IFs only or both SFs and IFs positively influenced pastoralists' adaptation to climate change. The use of SFs was found to have a negative effect on adaptation. However, IFs and SFs did not have a significant effect on the adaptation of pastoralists in the Rwenzori region of Uganda.
The temperature increments are different in different regions of the country, with higher values in the north and lower in the south and on the Baja California Peninsula. Moreover, the values differ depending on the general model of atmospheric circulation and the RCP: lower increments are estimated by the GFDL model and higher by the HADGEM and MPI models, which also estimate larger increases in RCP. Precipitation anomalies are also different for the three models, but the pattern that was estimated is of increase in precipitation in the South and decrease in the North. The GFDL models in both RCP estimates the largest increases in precipitation and a larger proportion of precipitation in a larger part of the area. The HADI and MP I models estimate greater reductions in precipitation.
The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) was found to be positively correlated with precipitation, temperature and land use in the Yellow River basin from 1982 to 2012. The average annual NDVI showed an increasing trend and the variation within the year in the NDVI was significantly correlated with the changes in precipitation and temperature. Moreover, the spatial-temporal variations in vegetation cover were found to have a positive correlation with the change in temperature and precipitation in the period 1982-2012. In addition, it was found that the average annual change in NDVI in the area of the Yellow river basin was negatively correlated with changes in rainfall and temperature over the same period.
The figures presented in this study reveal a relevant opportunity for income earnings through the distributed generation of PV energy, unprecedented in the history of Brazil. The initial set of factors presented suggest the potential feasibility of such an endeavor and may justify the establishment of coordinated public policies led by the federal and local governments, with a significant participation of the private initiative, non-governmental entities and thousands of small land owners, in the creation of a PV structuring program with economic, environmental and educational repercussions in the NEB.
The results show that CD has a positive and significant effect on farm households' welfare in terms of household consumption expenditure and farm income. However, if we look at the trade-offs, it is found that there is a trade-off between the benefits of CD and household expenditure. The results also show that the effect of CD on household welfare is stronger in the case of low-income farm households than in the high-income ones.
The results show that it is necessary to enact regional legislation to address climate change at the regional level first, and it is also feasible to enact it at the national level first. However, the feasibility of enacting regional legislation first is questionable, as it is difficult to implement it due to the lack of political will and resources. Moreover, there is a lack of consensus on the importance of regional legislation in addressing climate change.
A considerable proportion of those interviewed were of the opinion that climate change could have a negative impact on the area in general. There was also a perception that changes could negatively affect tourism and business, although this was held by fewer managers and most of these were running hotels and coastal businesses. Those interviewed also expressed different preferences in relation to the promotion and implementation of mitigation and adaptation measures. The authors identified five manager profiles with different levels of awareness and proactivity in regard to the implementation of countermeasures to mitigate the effects of climate change by the tourist industry and their own establishments.
The results show that the adoption of drought-tolerant maize varieties (DTMVs) by farm households in Zambia is associated with a significant reduction in the probability of maize crop failure and a significant increase in maize productivity. The adoption of DTMVs is also associated with an increase in the likelihood of crop yield and a decrease in crop failure risk.
Households' perception of flood risk was found to be significantly related to their level of education, age, gender, marital status, household size, household income, number of dependants, monthly household income and household size. Households' exposure to flooding was also found to have a significant impact on their health. The results showed that the higher the household's exposure to flood risk, the more likely they were to report that their health was affected.
The authors propose a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is defined and discussed below. The authors apply it to the study of the PA, and it is shown that the GCB can be used to assess the progress toward the long-term goal.
The results show that the majority of the respondents had adopted climate smart sorghum varieties that had been developed by the International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) and the National Agricultural Research Institutes (Ndjeunga et al., 2015). However, they were dis-adopted due to a variety of reasons, including lack of interest, lack of knowledge, poor quality of the new varieties and lack of financial resources. The majority of respondents reported that they had not adopted any of the climate smart varieties because they were not able to afford them. The most common reasons for dis- adoption were lack of awareness of the benefits of climate smart Sorghum cultivars, poor yield potentials, poor financial resources, poor knowledge of the varieties and poor market conditions.
The results of the study reveal that crop switching is driven by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors such as price, availability of land and availability of water are the most important determinants of crop switching decisions. The results also reveal that farmers are more likely to adopt drought-resistant crops such as sorghum and millet in the face of climate change.
The paper finds that the public sector in the LDCs has limited capacity to respond effectively to climate change challenges. The paper identifies three critical barriers to adaptation in the form of lack of resources, lack of coordination and lack of trust between government agencies and local administrations, as well as a lack of awareness of the risks and returns associated with climate change.
Ga-Dikgale community members are aware of climate change in the form of increased temperature and changes in rainfall patterns. They are aware that devastating changes in their living conditions such as malnutrition, poverty, water and air contamination, increased risks of disease, floods, soil erosion and depletion of biodiversity are as a result of climate and environmental variability. The increase in temperature has been a major concern for local farmers. The community members have developed indigenous and culture-based mechanisms of coping with harsh weather conditions, which negatively affect their subsistence economies, cultural rituals and festivals.
The results suggest that energy intensity, per capita GDP, energy consumption and population have a significant positive impact on carbon emissions in each province, while the structure effect has a significant negative impact. The Markov transfer matrix shows that the energy structure effect is the most important factor for reducing carbon emissions, followed by the emission coefficient and energy intensity.
The results of the study indicate that climate change has a negative and significant impact on crop production and net farm incomes in Bangladesh. The study also reveals that the negative impacts of climate change will be more severe in the short-term and will be less in the medium- and long-term.
The results revealed that female-headed farming households were found to be more vulnerable to climate change and variability compared to male-headed households. In addition, the findings revealed significant differences in the vulnerability levels of male- and female- headed farming households in terms of their adaptive capacities and sensitivity to climatic stresses. The findings of this study also revealed that there is a significant difference in the level of sensitivity and adaptive capacities of female- and male- headed households.
The case studies show that multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and managed as a means of achieving local measures for adapting to climate change. The case studies suggest that the network structure and structure of the network should be adapted to the specific needs of the municipality, county and national authority levels. The paper presents guidelines for the management of such networks at the municipal, county or national authority level.
The results show that firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing potential impacts of climate change on their business, seeking business opportunities from climate change and integrating climate change issues into the strategic decision-making process. The results also reveal that firms' proactive stance toward climate change influences the levels of adoption and implementation of carbon management practices across industries. Furthermore, the results indicate that the level of corporate response to climate change is positively related to operational performance and market and emission reduction performance.
The modelling presented in this paper suggests that there is a significant probability that the Polish winegrowing sector will progress and develop if appropriate strategies and practices are applied in response to climate change. Farmers should take the advantage of more suitable climate conditions. As a result the area of cultivation as well as wine production could increase in Poland. However, grape growers will be forced to address the risks of unfavourable abiotic and biotic production conditions.
The results show that the vulnerability of the mangroves to erosion in the protected area is higher than that of the non-protected areas. The study also shows that the degradation of mangrove forests is likely to increase in the future due to climate change.
The results of the hazard-scenario analysis indicate that the probability of extreme high-temperatures occurring in Hulunbuir has increased significantly over the past 56 years, and that the frequency and intensity of extreme temperature events has increased by more than 1degC over the same period. The study also found that the impact of extreme temperatures on human activities is likely to be more severe than that of climate change in the near future.
The present temperatures of the 2000s are unprecedented. The proxy temperature analyses show two warm periods (Lungqvist, 2010, 2010), namely, the Roman warm period from 250 BC to 450 AD and the Middle Middle Age warm periods from 950 AD to 1250 AD. The retreating Mendenhall glacier in Alaska has exposed forest remnants older than 1000 years based on their radiocarbon ages according to a statement by Professor Connor (2013). Evidence shows that these retreating glacier remnants are older than 1250 years. The warming effects of GH gases are not identical, but they can be converted into the CO2 equivalent by using the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of each GH gas. GWP values are integrated over a 100-year timescale and therefore are not accurate measures of the instantaneous warming effects.
After applying different empirical tests to deal with correlation and controlling for different firm characteristics, the findings indicated that board nationality diversity and the existence of a sustainability committee have a significant influence on carbon emission policies and disclosures. The findings also revealed that companies which responded to the CDP are more likely to have independent directors on their boards. Further, the results indicated that large entities and companies belonging to environmentally sensitive industries are more prone to respond to CDP and thereby disclose carbon emissions.
This study provides evidence of the positive relationship between temperature increases and overall increases in mortality in developed countries during the period of 1970-2010. When the adaptation effect is taken into account, however, only a weak positive relationship is observed. The adaptation effect seems to exist, in particular, in those countries where the annual average temperature is below 13degC (medium-hot zone). In the data set after 1990, the temperature-mortality relationship completely vanishes in the cold zone (annual average temperature below 5degC). In countries in the hot zone, where the average annual temperature is above 13 degC (hot zone), the relationship is weak but still significant.
Cropland and plantation are increasing at mean annual rates of 6.92 and 7.12 per cent, respectively, and their major target for transition contributing to this gain is savanna woodland and forest. Approximately 84.2 per cent of respondents in the Municipality have plans to increase their farm size in future. However, 25.83 per cent will change current land use to meet this increase in farm size. Consequently, it is expected that savanna forest and forest will continue to undergo conversion by farmers to meet the targeted level of production. This calls for appropriate LULC conservation policies to maintain and improve the available land cover and their ecosystems for sustainable development.
Based on the results, a GCM, HADCM3, was selected as the optimum model to predict the weather parameters in the study area. LARS-WG model is used to generate the future daily time series of the precipitation under various emission scenarios. The possible impact of rainfall change on groundwater recharge was also analyzed in the present work. The results show that the mean annual rainfall in the area will decrease by about 3 per cent, while the mean mean annual temperature will increase by about 0.5degC.
It has been found that climate variables such as temperature and rainfall have increased over the past few decades. Annual maximum and minimum temperatures have negative impacts on the growth rate of the country. Besides, major economic sectors, both at national and regional levels, are negatively associated with these climate variables. To cope with the impacts of climate change the economy, practical measures should be taken on practical measures as soon as possible.
The results revealed that although policies, laws, strategies and institutional arrangements relevant for promoting an integrated approach to climate change are insufficient in Cameroon, some promising projects and activities that harness great potential for synergies exist. Furthermore, results also showed that interaction between the government ministries and NGOs was poor, and inadequate financial resources or funding was the major challenge stakeholders are and would continue to face as a result of adopting integrated approaches toclimate change. Other challenges that may impede the adoption of integrated approaches were inadequate coordination, insufficient sensitization and capacity building, ineffective implementation, inadequate compliance, lack of proper transparency and inadequate public participation.
This paper provides an account of the role of SEA as an integral component of policy and decision-making and its contribution to CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh. SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA are identified. A review of the literature and SEA cases suggests that systematic and organized applications of SEA may generate an alternative solution for DRR through CCA. This paper focuses on the potential of strategic environmental assessment (SEA) to enhance disaster risk reduction (DRR) strategies for the coastal zones of Bangladesh by integrating climate change adaptation.
The findings indicate that vulnerability to climate change and variability at the local level in the municipality was found to be low, as it was found that the community is able to adapt to the impacts of climate change in terms of resilience, adaptation and adaptation to change. However, it was also found that there is a need for the community to be more proactive in order to reduce their vulnerability. The findings also indicate that the vulnerability of the community was mainly due to the lack of adaptation to changes in the natural environment, which is a result of a lack of knowledge, knowledge and skills to cope with climate change.
The results show that longitude and latitude are reliable instruments to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture. The results of weak identification and over identification tests support the choice of these instruments. The F-statistic of joint significance is greater than 10 for the excluded instruments, thus passing the test for weak identification. In the case of over identification, the null hypothesis that the selected instrument is not correlated with the error term is not rejected.
The results show that Nkonkobe Local Municipality has low levels of adaptive capacities to climate change. It is found that the community's adaptive capacities are limited by poverty, lack of access to adequate infrastructure, inadequate access to water, inadequate planning and management of natural resources and inadequate capacity to cope with climate change induced drought.
The results show that the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria is likely to be more severe than that of other countries in Africa, especially in the sub-Saharan African region because of the problems of huge spatio-temporal rainfall variability, population pressure and limited adaptation and mitigation capacities. However, the impact is expected to be even more severe for a country like Nigeria, where rainfed agriculture is the main source of livelihood for about 50-60 percent of the population and accounts for over 25.5 per cent of the nation's gross domestic product.
The majority of the rural residents in this study had heard of global warming, but at the same time, they had very limited knowledge about it. Most respondents recognised both the negative impact of the rise in local temperature on agriculture and the various risks that are caused by global warming. The majority of them were willing to pay higher prices to mitigate global warming; however, they were unwilling to do so. Their unwillingness could be attributed to low income, the externalisation of responsibility, a perceived inability to mitigateglobal warming and a perceived lack of knowledge about global warming among the respondents.
The climate change in the Sertao in the past 40 years is remarkable, confirming some of the most pessimistic scenarios for semi-arid regions in the world (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, 2014). Average temperature has risen at a rate of 0.26degC per decade, and the maximum temperature shifted from an average of 30.0degC in the 1970s to 31.4 in the 2010s. At the same time, the number of days without rain over the year increased from 254 in the1970s to 275 in 2010s, and total precipitation reduced by more than 30 per cent. The most vulnerable hotspots for climate change are family farms, which represent 89 per cent of the total number of farms, but their average production value is almost six times lower than that of non-family farms. Their access to basic technologies such as irrigation and technical assistance to overcome recurrent and prolonged droughts is scarce, making them a vulnerable hotspot for climateChange.
There is a clear signal in the climate data that temperature has been increasing and, to a lesser extent, evidence that the reliability of rains in the first season has decreased slightly. However, rainfall measurements do not show a downward trend in rainfall amount, a significant shift in the intensity of rainfall events or in the start and end of the rainy seasons. The MAM rains are more abundant and will increase in the near future according to the RCP 4.5 scenario as well as the measured temperatures. Evidence from various studies is tenuous regarding the change in climate for the past three decades.
The results of the participatory procedure allow the identification of a series of sectors, where climate policy is expected to focus in the future, and the definition of specific topics upon which knowledge gaps are expected to appear. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, leading to more accurate results.
The results of hydrological modelling under future climate conditions are summarised in the draft version of the Serbia's First National Adaptation Plan (SFNAP, 2015). This plan sums up the impacts of climate change on water resources for the basins of the following Serbian rivers: the Sava, the Kolubara, the Topa, the Raska and the Mlava. The results show that significant reductions in the annual flows are expected in the distant future, by the end of the twenty-first century, where these changes at the annual level range from a few per cent to about -30 per cent.
The results show that the GPC framework is a suitable accounting system for calculating urban CO2e emissions in Nanchang. The city's CEs are divided into six sectors: energy, heating and industrial fuels, ground transportation fuels, aviation and marine transportation, agriculture, forestry and other land use, waste, industrial processes and product use and waste. In addition, the city's energy use per unit gross regional product (GRP) is used as a key indicator to estimate divided city CEs. The results indicate that the city is one of the world's top energy consumers and the top carbon dioxide emitter in the world.
EbA measures to cope with extreme events and sea-level rise (SLR) in Kiyu were implemented within an integrated coastal management (ICM) framework. The results show that the implementation of EbA measures has been successful in increasing the resilience of coastal ecosystems to climate change and SLR, with the participation of the community in the early stages of decision-making.
Present and future increases in sea temperature are likely to have severe effects on the Caribbean coral reefs within 50 years. Stratospheric aerosol geoengineering has low costs, and can rapidly mitigate climate change with significant global mean temperature decreases.
The study revealed that the adaptation projects vary in terms of the scope of scope, duration, area and ecosystem services provided by the projects. It is notable that the fundamental determinant of the adaptation approach taken is the sector where the project falls, with the majority (32 per cent) falling in the agricultural sector. A common impediment is low budgetary allocation and reliance on foreign sources of funding with most of the funding originating from outside the country of origin. Furthermore, there are minimal considerations to the complexity of ecosystems when designing many of the investigated adaptation projects. The study determined that different countries had different priorities based on their contextual needs.
The findings show that climate change is having a negative impact on AIV production in Kenya. The majority of the respondents reported that the impact of climate change on their production has been negative, with the majority of them experiencing losses of more than 10 per cent of their production due to insect infestations and diseases in AIVs. They also reported that they were not able to adapt to climate change due to lack of knowledge and skills to cope with the impacts of CC on their livelihoods.
Most sampled households had better understanding about the ongoing climate variability and they were trying to adopt different mechanisms for mitigating the likelihood effect of the problem on crop production. They had indigenous knowledge of water harvesting technologies, which are important technological advancements to make farmers more efficient in using scarce and the critical agricultural input, water. Adaptation of off-farm and non-farm activities is one method of reducing the effect of climate variability through having a diversified source of income.
The results of the study revealed that climate variability and extreme events are adversely affecting the livestock system, directly and indirectly by aggravating the prevalence of diseases, distorting production and minimizing the sector's profitability. The pastoralists have limited adaptive capacity and their coping strategies are compromised by climate extremes and associated risks. There is a need for a new climate change adaptation governance system that would improve the resilience and sustainability of coping mechanisms.
The results show that the total forest cover in Gilgit-Baltistan is about 2.5 per cent of the total area of Pakistan. The total forest biomass is estimated to be 3.2 million trees, of which 1.5 million are coniferous forests and the remaining 1.1 million are scrub forests. The forest biomass was found to be approximately equal to that of Pakistan as a whole, with the exception of a small fraction of forest in the north of the country, which is dominated by conifer forests.
The results show that the majority of the respondents are aware of climate change, but they do not perceive it as a threat to their livelihoods. The majority of respondents believe that climate change will have a negative impact on their lives in the near future, and they are willing to take measures to protect themselves and their families from the consequences of climate-induced changes. However, they are not willing to invest in new technologies and technologies that will enable them to adapt to climate change and adapt to its impacts.
The paper finds that the EIA procedures provide potential tools to collect and evaluate information on what to adapt to and how to adapt. This is in line with the "mainstreaming" approach to build resilience to climate change. But notable challenges and difficulties for doing so pose serious questions on the feasibility and effectiveness of its implementation in China. Political inertia and entrenched vested interests will likely to stagnate reforms towards integrated assessment. Combined with challenges on technology and technology and resources and deficiencies in the existing procedures, the mainstreaming proponents seem unable to provide a realistic prospect to generate incentives for reforms.
The results of the study indicate that climate change vulnerability, adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan are significantly different from each other. The results also suggest that the main determinants of CCV are climate change adaptation and climate change risk perceptions. In addition, the results of this study also indicate that the level of adaptation to climate change is found to be significantly higher among the rural households than among the urban households.
The results show that the proposed model is able to forecast domestic water demand for the Yellow River basin in the near future. It is found that climate change and population growth have a significant impact on domestic water use in the Basin. The results also show that technological development, population growth and technological development have a positive impact on the demand of domestic water.
The findings indicate that the urban extreme poor in Dhaka City have a range of asset-adaptation strategies that are pro-poor. These strategies include asset-transfer, asset-building, asset protection, asset transfer and asset transfer. However, access to these assets becomes limited when the adverse structural context that comes from formal and informal institutions and policies are not considered. Household- and community-level adaptation strategies are constrained, however, by a lack of secure tenure and household capacity, with most communities having neither the physical nor financial capacities to undertake large infrastructure projects.
The results of the study show that the adoption of CSAPs is significantly higher in the rural areas of Bihar than in the urban areas of the state. The study also found that farmers in rural areas are more likely to adopt CD, CD, site-specific nutrient management (SSNM), crop diversification (CD), minimum tillage (MT) and stress-resistant improved seed (IS) than in urban areas. In addition, the results of this study also showed that the probability and intensity of adoption of these practices are significantly higher among the rural households in rural Bihar than among the urban households.
The results show that the velocity of cities' future climate shift is significantly higher than that of the past. Moreover, it is found that cities with a higher degree of urbanization are more likely to be affected by climate change in the future than cities with low urbanization.
The study found that the institutions in the case study area have adopted a variety of adaptation strategies in response to climate-related challenges in the area. However, there is a dearth of cross-scale institutional linkages and collaborations, particularly with respect to assisting community members to effectively respond to the impacts of climate- related challenges. The study also found that there are alternatives for institutional adaptation vis-a-vis sustainable water management and improving the institutions' efforts in adaptation processes in the context of current national water and environmental policies and regulations.
The conversion of degraded agricultural landscapes to AF system resulted in significant reduction of CO2 emissions and increased carbon sequestration in the drylands. The AF system was able to sequester 1.1-2.2 Pg C of C per hectare of degraded land area, which is significantly higher than the C sequestration potential of existing AF systems in the region.
The results indicated that most farmers in Kweneng district are aware of the increasing temperatures and decrease in rainfall and have attempted to adapt different strategies to mitigate the effects of the changing climate. The predominant adaptation strategies used by crop farmers were changes in planting dates in line with shifts in rainfall season onset, changes in crop varieties planted and changes in the use of chemical fertilizer, pesticides and insecticides. The adaptation strategies pointed out as appropriate for use by livestock farmers were supplementary feeding, vaccination and provision of shading or livestock housing. However, livestock adaptive capacity among smallholder farmers was low as only few practices were suggested, and therefore, there is a need to build adaptive capacity in this sector. The binary logit model results indicate that gender, age, household size, poverty and lack of access to credit negatively affect adaptation to climate change, whereas diversified agricultural practices and knowledge of climate change significantly influence adaptation.
The paper finds that, for the planners in Castries, resilience discourse is constructed herein as one of the contemporary expansive "cultures of safety" and as such a regressive "step back" against the more progressive, but older, ideals of island national independence. These planners complain that, while the resilient islander/subject "merely rides the waves of catastrophe and change", the subject of post-colonial independence "sought to seize history, and transform it". These islanders and public servants were particularly interested in positioning themselves against what is construed as the latest incarnation of a hegemonic and externally imposed, international development agenda.
Relocation is not only a matter of migrating individuals. It is provocatively also amatter of rights and responsibilities related to continuous existence as a political community. Whereas the proposals to relocate a certain amount of - or even all - citizens from the island communities to new host states seem plausible enough (given that we are only talking about less than a few million people who are at the highest risk), relocating political communities with continuing collective rights seems to be a different proposal altogether.
Three case studies are used to probe past responses of island societies to long-term (multi-generational) environmental changes. The special characteristics of island environments and societies are described, with emphasis on the diversity of community coping capacity that is frequently overlooked yet may make a difference between effective and ineffective responses to (future) environmental change. How all this can inform future interventions in island communities to help them adapt to climate change is discussed.
 Extractivism of local resources in in small islands in Oceania has contributed to environmental degradation locally through pollution and loss of natural capital. It has reduced food security, forced the migration of whole populations, promoted cultural loss and social instability and created fragile economies. Extractivism depletes natural resources and causes environmental degradation, leaving those exposed increasingly dependent on external income, such as from international aid, mining royalties, or - in the case of the island of Nauru - dependent on Australia's asylum seeker industry. Not all extractivism causes system-wide ecological damage, sometimes "merely" local resource depletion, pollution and cultural loss. At its more extreme end as demonstrated in this paper, extractivism forces whole communities to relocate and contributes to the disruption of an entire planetary system.
The paper highlights the limitations of conventional climate impact assessment methods to SIDS, particularly atoll countries, given the fundamental mismatches in the spatial scales of knowledge creation and decision-making/action. It also highlights the role that alternative forms of knowledge production can play in validating models, where they can match the scale of island decision making and in guiding adaptation actions at the local level and highlights decision making techniques that can support adaptation even when data is uncertain.
The findings show that there is a dissonance in the diverse way teachers, the media and communities perceive and relate to climate change in the South Pacific. This encompasses issues, solutions, personal vulnerability and comprehension of science among other factors. However, there is also common ground in perceptions that climate change is due to human activities and is already having tangible effects. The groups studied largely perceive that something can be done about climate change, and perhaps most importantly, the majority felt that actions, lessons and communication should be locally grounded and contextualised, including the use of traditional knowledge where possible.
The findings suggest that the Pacific islands of the Pacific have a limited understanding of climate change and its potential for harm, with an attendant lack of community participation and decision-making taking place on adaptation. There is also a lack of awareness about climate change among individuals and communities in the region. Furthermore, there is little practical guidance available on how to effectively communicate climate change specifically in ways that increase community resilience and capacity to adapt.
The findings of this study indicate that the countries responsible for climate change need to take responsibility for the climate refugees. It is also found that there is a need for developing a framework for taking responsibility for climate refugees by the countries that are responsible for contributing to climate change.
The results indicate that FDI has a positive and significant effect on carbon intensity in developing countries with different income levels. However, FDI does not have any significant effect in developed countries. Moreover, the effect of FDI on the carbon intensity of the host country is not significant in the case of low-income countries with high-income.
This paper demonstrates that social protection programmes can play various roles in a national policy framework for addressing migration due to climate change. In addition to the provision of transfers, public work programmes can generate direct adaptation benefits through assets and infrastructure constructed as part of these programmes. The Indian Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) and the Ethiopian Productive Safety Net Program (PSNP) are two innovative schemes for their innovative design and substantial potential to address climate change adaptation.
The results show that the current situation requires governments to enhance measures that promote domestic policies and domestic norms to address human mobility in the context of disasters and climate change.
The findings indicate that climate-induced migration and displacement is a significant issue in the Pacific and Caribbean small island developing states, and that there is a lack of consensus on how to address the issue. The findings also suggest that there are significant gaps in the level of planning and oversight of migration and displaced people associated with climate change in these regions, as well as in the development of policies and mechanisms to address these issues.
The results of the study indicate that the lack of planning policy is one of the main causes of displacement and migration in the Republic of Serbia. The study also indicates that there is a need for a shift in the approach to disaster risk reduction (DRR) from a reactive to a proactive one, in which a community's resilience is a function of its exposure to climatic conditions (such as coastal location) and the community's adaptive capacity (the capacity of a particular community to recover after the worst of the storm and recover after it).
The results show that migration is an important adaptation strategy for households to cope with climate change. The study also found that the migration decision is based on the expected income differential between rural and urban areas rather than the wage differential alone. In addition, migration is a family strategy aimed at maximizing expected earnings and reducing the risk of consumption failure by diversifying income sources.
The results of the study revealed that the magnitude of the drought was moderate, while the spatial extent was moderate to severe. The spatial extent of drought was found to be moderate to extreme in the study area. The study also revealed that there was a significant correlation between the magnitude, frequency and duration of drought in the studied area. It was also found that there is a significant relationship between the intensity of drought and the length of drought.
The results showed that there is a significant increase in ETP in the future period (2070-2100) due to climate change. In addition, there is also a significant decrease in ETO in the observed period (1960-2010) and a slight increase in the present period (2010-2070). The results also showed that ETP is expected to decrease in the near future (2080-2090) and in the long-term (2090-2080) in the west of Iran.
The findings reveal that remittances are used to finance climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana. The findings also reveal that migrants' remittance is a significant source of financing climate change risk diversification among rural Ghanaian households. In addition, the findings show that remittance-based investments are the most common type of investment often made by rural households to finance adaptation.
The research found that the three new emerging districts are highly vulnerable to floods in the near future, but the local government still the plan for attracted investments in housing without a reference to the flood impacts evaluated by existing researches. This not only exposes more citizens and their assets to floods but also exacerbates the flooding situation of surrounding areas. Furthermore, the existing flood management relies on hard-engineered systems, and soft solutions, such as green-spaces for natural water absorption and reverting natural water ways and integrated water storage in parks have not been cooperated and deployed in practice.
Three major issues in relation thereto have been identified and discussed in this research. These issues are about absolution of guaranteed debtor; multiple guarantors; and recourse and recovery from the principal debtor. The research concludes that the presence of surety does not absolve the debtor from his original liability since guarantee is only meant to ensure payment whether from the debtor or guarantor. On having multiple guarantor, it is contended from Shariah viewpoint that it is not an issue but that such guarantors should stand as having equal responsibility towards the amount guaranteed towards the debtor. For recourse from principal, because of the several applicable conditions, supplementary comments need to be added in the Contracts Act, 1950 to provide clarification to the effect that creditor has requested to settle outstanding debt to the guarantor where guarantor has agreed to pay the amount requested.
The results of the study revealed that the relationship between leadership styles and managerial effectiveness was found to be positive and significant. Also, it was found that Islamic work ethics (IWE) mediates the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of IWE.
The results of the study show that there is a positive relationship between the level of sukuk market development and economic growth. In addition, it is also found that the economic growth of the country has a positive and significant effect on the level and growth rate of the Sukuk market. However, there is no significant relationship between economic growth and the number of Islamic banks.
The Global Education Innovation Initiative found that governments around the world are broadening curricular goals and aligning them with this multipronged view of competencies that include not only cognition but also self-knowledge and the capacity to collaborate, or what is often also termed cognitive and socio-emotional development. Another recent study comparatively examined programs of teacher professional development that aimed at supporting teachers with capacities to educate students holistically in the cognitive, intrapersonal and interpersonal domains.
The paper demonstrates the valuable contribution of this option trading strategy when trading index options. More specifically, the latter generates more profit with call than put options, as the period tested in the paper is set in a bull market, the intrinsic value of calls increasing with the index value while the intrinsic values of puts decreases. In addition, the ARIMA (1, 1, 1) forecasting model with calls offers a higher discounted net profit than the one based on GARCH (1; 1, 2, 1). In this situation, the percentage of times (out of 34,990) that the call option is correctly identified as undervalued or overvalued is 64% with ARIM a vs 59% with GARCH a. Finally, the paper observes that peaks of net profits with puts correspond to peaks of volatility of the S&P 500 Composite index represented by the VIX index. As the GARCH model incorporates a volatility component, this model is expected to provide a better forecasting accuracy than the
The study identified 17 SMA techniques under the umbrella of SMA. Out of these 17, 16 were in consistent with Cadez and Guilding (2007, 2008). One more SMA technique, activity based costing/management (ABC/M) was added to this list. However, Tayles (2011) included ABC/M to the list of S MA techniques on the ground that it has moved from activity-based management (ABC) to strategic management (SM).
The main findings of the paper show the presence of a highly significance of conditional heteroscedasticity parameters can demonstrate us to distinguish the nature of the volatility dependency between S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities indices. In addition, the sum of the two parameters (a + b) for the GARCH-DECO (1,1) model is close to 1 which confirms the persistence of volatility in the conditional dependency between the major US indices and the meat commodities.
The authors identify technical challenges that are hindering the wide-scale adoption of smart and connected health-care systems. The authors also discuss how big data and IoT technologies can accelerate the speed at which connected health care can be deployed and adopted by all health care stakeholders.
The findings of this study indicate that current fire protection measures in buildings are not effective in mitigating fire hazard and need to be improved to improve fire safety in buildings. This study proposes a new integrated framework (i.e. fire protection features of fire protection in buildings, prevention and management of fire hazard, regulation and enforcement, consumer awareness, and technology and resources advancement to address these limitations.
The results of the study indicate that students perceive that their own use of mobile phones in class has a positive and significant impact on their learning and academic performance. However, lecturers' use of cell phones in the classroom is not perceived to have a positive impact on students' learning. The results also indicate that lecturers are perceived to be more effective than students in facilitating students' communication and collaboration.
The results of the study show that there is a high level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia. However, there is no significant difference in the level of knowledge of Islamic financial principles among the employees of financial institutions in Russia compared to other countries in the world.
It was found that brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty have a positive effect on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products. It was also found that perceived quality has a positive influence on purchase intention.
The results of the study successfully validated the proposed relationships and suggest that the perceived risk has a significant negative influence on perceived trust and customer satisfaction. Perceived trust is the most important variable in building customer satisfaction, and customer Satisfaction is the reasonable predictor of customer loyalty. In addition, gender differences moderate the adoption of mobile payment service.
Findings reveal three brand management approaches: conservative, integrative and integrative-exploratory. The descriptors for these three approaches offer management sense-making value, not least by providing shared terms to establish shared meaning within the cultural spaces opened up by B2B co-working, thereby building trust in brand management relationships.
The paper finds that the external dimension of the BP reform has not been able to achieve its stated goals. There is a lack of consensus among the signatories of the Bologna Process on the need to harmonize higher education in Europe, Africa, Central Asia and Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. The paper also finds that there is a need for more research on the progress of the reform in the three regions.
The authors found that concept mapping enabled the academics to articulate their views about their teaching practice in a way that was consistent with the concepts of pedagogic frailty and resilience in a collaborative environment. The concept mapping process enabled the authors to gain a deeper understanding of the participants' views about the nature of their teaching practices and the ways in which they were able to articulate these within the framework provided by the concepts.
One of the big problems that ought to be addressed sooner rather than later is avoidance of unnecessary delays in responding to cybercrimes in e-banking. After all, procrastination is the thief of time. Overall, the increasing application of new innovations not only in banking sector but also in other sectors should go mutatis mutandis with the enactment of relevant and pertinent policy and law without leaving loopholes unplugged to protect the users.
The study tried to show that digital technologies are having the significant impact on the preservation of world-wide art and culture. Within this framework, when it comes to promoting and protecting the diversity of world culture and art in a new environment, the progress made by some countries could be extremely useful for others. Indeed, many of the initiatives in relation to creativity and cultural industries are increasing the visibility of the world of art and art. The present study is an effort to explore Google Art and Culture.
The paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis. About 5 per cent of Europe's population is Muslim. Two main factors are responsible for a growing European Muslim population: the influx of refugees coming mainly from Muslim countries across the Mediterranean Sea or overland through Southeast Europe; and anti-Islam political parties have gained support in many European countries.
The results show that the negative relationship between abusive supervision and moral courage is reduced when employees are high, rather than low, on moral efficacy.
In all of the estimated specifications, the results show that corruption contributes to inflation both on its own and jointly with public finance indices. The results are significant and have the right signs, which give evidence of the contribution made by corrupt officials to increasing inflation, thus eventually hurting growth. The positive and significant results indicate that corrupt officials have alternative sources of funds by which they contribute to high inflation.
The results of the study reveal that UGT has a significant effect on usage intention, and user habit and subjective norm play mediating roles in the relationship between UGT and usage intention.
The results show that the relationship between the signaling variables (auditors' reputation, underwriters' reputation and ownership retention) and IPO initial returns is positive and significant in both common law and civil law countries. The results also show that corruption levels moderate the relationships between the three signaling variables and IPOinitial returns in both civil law and common law countries, but the moderation effect of corruption levels varies between the two institutional contexts.
The results of the study showed that HRMP has a significant positive relationship with EC, PA and OP. EC was found to be a significant mediator in the relationship between HRMP and OP, while PA and EC were found to have a significant negative relationship with OP. It was also found that EC was a significant moderator in the HRMP-OP relationship.
The first phase to form and grow into observable thickness for Ni and lead-free interface is Ni3Sn4 IMC, and the thickness has little relationship to the environmental stress, as no IMC thickness variation between TCT, uHAST and HTSL stress test. The more the Sn exists, the thicker Ni3sn4 IMCs will be derived from this experimental finding compare the Cu/Ni/SnAg cell and Ni/Sn Ag cell.
The authors show that the overall population forecasts of the two models have positive trends, making the spectral analysis making the KSA's population increasing at a positive rate until 2100 when it reaches the 86-million marks. However, the drivers of KSA population growth are different depending on the method. The age group of the U.N. model follows a distinct pattern, a sharp uptrend for the last 80 years of the twenty-first century. The UN model assumes that medical progress and medical progress will increase the number of people aged 60 or more in Saudi Arabia.
The study found that there is a significant relationship between student response rate to student evaluation of teaching and lecturers' response rate. The study also found that lecturers can increase the response rate by making personal appeals to the students to complete their course evaluation surveys.
The results of the study revealed that SI is positively related to HEIs performance, and organizational culture moderated the relationship between SI and performance. Specifically, the results showed that organizational culture moderates the relationship of SI with performance.
The results of the study reveal that the 3D printing of recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics for multi-material 3DP has the potentials to be a milestone in RM, customized design and structural applications. Being compatible of functionally graded materials in a single structural form it can be applied potentially in structural application to get the benefit of combined properties of different materials. The 3DP provides a fast and robust structure with compact functionality of all combined materials.
The analyzed results highlight that layered pentamode lattices exhibit high elastic stiffness against compression loads and, contemporarily, very low or nearly zero rigidity against shear and twisting loads. In particular, it has been shown that the ratio between the compression modulus and the shear modulus of FCC systems increases with the number of layers stacked in the vertical direction. These results allow us to conclude that such laminated metamaterials may be considered as innovative anti-seismic devices.
The experimental results are in close agreement with the numerical solutions, and highlight the multi-faceted elastic response of class th = 1 tensegrity prisms that can switch from softening to stiffening. Such peculiar response can be usefully exploited for the design and construction of novel tense grity meta-materials.
The developed Mg-3Si-HA composites showed low ductility, high strength and high corrosion resistance because of the presence of bigger Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases. Moreover, the composites were found to be biodegradable and biocompatibility-free.
It has been observed that the position and width of the first band gaps are influenced by the magnitude of the micro-scale parameter l. Moreover, flat bands also appear in the low-frequency region if auxiliary micro-beams are present. Finally, a not-uniform mass density distribution over the RUC may influence the band structure of the 2D periodic material.
The numerical results have highlighted the efficacy of the two approaches that could represent fast and useful tools to evaluate the statics of curved masonry structures and the optimal design of strengthening interventions. The approach provides statically admissible force network with no-tension constraints and allows to evaluate if a vault is safe or not under fixed load conditions.
The findings revealed that corporate social responsibility has a significant positive effect on purchase decision and this is in line with previous researches. The findings also showed that the store environment has a positive and significant impact on consumers' purchase decision. However, sales promotion has a negative and significant effect on a consumer's purchase decision in the Malaysian retail market. The results also revealed that social media marketing has an insignificant effect on the purchase decision of a consumer.
The findings suggest that gender and culture are much stronger in influencing risk propensity among non-entrepreneurs than among entrepreneurs. Furthermore, the propensity to risk is associated in the same manner to gender among entrepreneurs and non-Entrepreneurs.
The results of the study show that liquidity, market sentiment, liquidity, persistence and leverage have a significant impact on the change dynamics of IV around earnings announcements dates. In addition, the results of Bayesian analysis show that the model estimates are significantly better than the Maximum Likelihood (ML) estimates of the model.
CE was found to be positively related to BP. Further, OC moderated the relationship between CE and BP. In particular, the findings of the present study indicated that the moderating role of OC on the CE-BP relationship was not significant.
The results show that corruption has a negative effect on both carbon dioxide emissions and energy consumption in Tunisia. In addition, corruption has an indirect effect on environmental quality through economic growth. The results indicate that corruption is the second most important source of environmental degradation in Tunisia after unemployment.
The findings of this study indicate that there is a significant correlation between the corporate characteristics and leverage of the firm. It is also found that the firm's size, profitability, liquidity and age have a significant impact on leverage. Also, the findings of the study show that there are significant correlations between debt equity ratio (DER), current debt ratio (CDR) and proprietary of equity ratio.
This paper argues for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the PSURR are exemplars of possibilities. Within the writer's academic field of teacher education, opportunities abound to make connections and steel the next generation for provincialism and ignorance. Every moment is an opportunity to respect and be kind, but kindness is not enough - students of all ages need to feel part of the human conversation. Visiting KSA, the writer hopes, with this small contribution, fosters this sense of inclusion, and the appreciation of such inclusion is represented herein.
For speakers across the globe, English is, by its nature, a language of multilingualism and multilinguals, and English has established itself alongside other languages in many speech communities around the world. This process takes on different forms and intensity and generates a good deal of intellectual debate in the field of applied linguistics (Brutt-Griffler and Kim, 2016, Kramsch, 2016; Seidlhofer, 2011; Widdowson, 2003).
The results show that the performance of the two Arabic OCR systems is significantly better than that of the control system. In addition, the results indicate that there is a significant difference in the performance between the two systems in terms of their sensitivity to different levels of page quality.
The results of the study indicate that the TAM model has a good fit to the Malaysian context. The results show that the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic technology in Malaysia are perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived usefulness (PU), perceived cost (PU) and perceived risk (PR). The results also reveal that PEOU, PU and PR have a significant impact on the intention to use solar PV technology in the future.
The paper outlines the basic uses of nuances as a means to describe subtle differences between attacks. It outlines commonalities across a broad range of existing attack models in the effort to help us better understand how subtle differences in attacks can matter and express them as annotations in any attack model. The authors have considered conceptual use cases to demonstrate how the annotation method can be used in real-world examples. In the future, the authors intend to investigate how this annotation approach can be extended further.
The obtained results indicate that there is a link between users' popularity, users' reviews and the impact on businesses' scores. The percentage of influential users is small compared to the population of regular users. It is seen that influential users tend to review more places than the average number of users. Similarly, the influence over a business is found to be higher than that over a product or place.
The results show that GrandBase is able to extract actionable knowledge from large-scale, conflicting, and different-structured data sources. The results also show that the proposed approach can be applied to a wide variety of data sources, such as Web texts, documents, images and human-annotated pages, and can be used to obtain machine-readable and interpretable knowledge.
The proposed approach is a step forward to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA by extracting the benefits from both the objective and subjective weighting methods. In many MADM cases, it makes sense to group attributes hierarchically, while different weights may be assigned to different attributes and their own categories to reflect their relative priorities.
The proposed nonlocal strategy has been illustrated with reference to nano-cantilever and doubly clamped nano-beams subjected to a uniform distribution of torsional couples per unit length. The stress-driven model provides an elastic stiffness increasing elastic stiffness with the nonlocal parameter l. Size-effects are computed for cantilever nano- beams under uniform distributions of couples.
The developed finite element model is capable of predicting fire response of steel beams where flexural or shear effects dominate the behavior of beams. In a fire-exposed steel beam, sectional instabilities can occur in web due to shear parameters prior to that in flange due to flexural parameters under certain loading and sectional configurations, and in fire- Exposed steel beams with higher slender webs, shear capacity can degrade at a higher pace than that of moment capacity. In such beams, failure can occur at shear limit state rather than flexural limit state.
The authors find that private-ordering systems and non-contractual reciprocity are the preferred governance modes for the provision of collective goods by MNEs in emerging markets. Moreover, the choice of these modes is affected by the exchange and institutional factors affecting the choice among them.
The paper reveals the uneven spatial nature of corruption in Africa, its cultural and institutional embeddedness and the uncertain role of anti-corruption campaigns. The prevalence and severity of African corruption reflect several enabling forces, including poverty and illiteracy, patrimonial cultures, a high degree of dependence on natural resource exports, poorly developed civil societies and the lack of an independent media that could expose corrupt practices. Corruption is, unfortunately, a pronounced feature on the African political and economic landscape. Many of the world's most corrupt governments are found in Africa.
The study finds that the organisation's stated aim to reduce voluntary air travel was not met. Although the company developed a strategy for managing and accounting for carbon emission reduction using incentives for voluntary emission reduction, travel activity by the most frequent travellers within the organisation did not change, and the planned reductions were not achieved. The reason stated by Beta for the failure to meet its target was that there was an increase in workload. However, the interviews suggest that employees did not become sufficiently involved in the actions.
The results of this study show that the coffee industry in Mexico has a high level of energy consumption and GHG emissions. The energy consumption of coffee is highest in the roasting and processing stages, followed by the production of the final product. In addition, the energy consumption is highest during the coffee roasting process. The coffee industry is also the most energy-intensive in the world.
The findings indicate that ABC adoption rates by Irish firms are low, particularly when compared to the findings of previous research of a similar nature and context (Pierce and Brown, 2004). This is despite respondents in general not noting technical or knowledge issues as a reason for non-adoption. It would seem that many respondent firms are satisfied with more traditional costing methods and have been for many years. These methods would appear to be quite resistant to change, even in the event of economic shocks and/or increasing availability of IT.
Societal disruptions create a host of "wicked problems" - resulting from changed economic systems, transformed political processes, revolutionary technologies, altered policies and regulations, shifting mores and a modified understanding of personal success and what constitutes a good life. The keys are that firms need to develop a sense of identity that transcends these disruptions, using planning techniques that can cope with wicked problems, and develop platform organizations to formulate and implement effective strategic responses.
The findings of this study indicate that there is a gap between practice and theory in accounting education and it is not a recent phenomenon and the gap is widening. Traditional accounting education often emphasises on job completion, memorization and straight-forward answers that are descriptive nature of learning. Current dynamic business environment requires deep learning where students should be able to conceptualise new ideas and strategies by using the existing knowledge. Solely pursuing theory-based accounting education can produce students without social representativeness of accounting practice.
The results of the study revealed that e-banking service quality has a significant impact on e-satisfaction and e-loyalty. The results also revealed that the mediating role of e- satisfaction between e-service quality and E-l Loyalty has been found to be significant.
The results of the study revealed that the critical success factors of partnerships among PSFs in the emerging market context are as follows. First, the study found that partnership success antecedents (i.e. partnership commitment, partnership culture, partnership management and partnership performance) are positively related to partnership success. Second, partnership success factors are positively associated with partnership performance. Third, partnership performance mediates the relationship between partnership success and firm size. Fourth, the relationship is positively moderated by partnership performance and partnership management. Fifth, the impact of partnership performance on firm size on partnership success is positive and significant.
The overall results of the study showed start-ups strategic management practices are effective. However, from the perspective of human resource management, skill development is a critical factor for the growth of start-up. The study results show that start- up need to develop clarity in vision and mission statement from the perspectives of employee engagement and skill development.
The results of the study show that the health insurance industry in India has been losing money for the past few years. The industry has been suffering from low penetration and negative consumer perception about its utility, which is affecting the prospect of this industry. Mired by low penetration, low penetration of health insurance in India is affecting its performance.
The results of the study confirm the existence of relationship between BoS and job satisfaction in the current context of handloom weaving industry. The results also indicate that BoS has a positive and significant effect on job satisfaction.
The results of this study indicated that psychological entitlement has a negative impact on cyberloafing. In addition, perceived organizational justice partially mediates the relationship between psychological entitlement and cyber Loafing through the mediating role of organizational justice.
This case study focuses on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world. With holacracy governance coming into workplaces and people resorting to remote workplaces and working from homes during COVID-2019, empathetic employers are needed. At times when volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity are rising, employees today watch out for a leader with whom they can connect more. Value-based approach provides that connection. Without physical presence at offices and workplace areas, it is this VBL which gives the "real" experience to employees via virtual means.
CERA could turn around because they listened to their workmen, who showcased their talent, suggesting use of anti-microbial natural dyes and colours for new products and its subsequent use in their core products, i.e. ceramic-based kitchenware; this story also illustrates how bonding with workers, organizations can sustain in a situation of crisis! also, the story illustrates the example of inclusive technology, which provides a win-win solution for all stakeholders; students also learn the example for corporate restructuring without facing problem; overall, this story explains how organizations can develop their coping strategies to sustain in an environment of crisis. Finally, this paper introduces a new concept of omnidexterity or omnidextrous organization, indicating all four (upper and lower) limbs of organizations to sustain.
The findings of this study bring to light that financial performance of GIC Re is somewhat satisfactory over a few considerable areas. However, no notable degree of uniformity has been observed amongst the varied financial performance indicators, namely, PR, ER, ROA, RRR and CR of Gic Re. The results also reveal that GIC RE is lacking ability of growing internally. Moreover, there remains a significant possibility of G IC Re going into financial distress in the near future.
The paper finds that the lack of a strong leadership produces effects on economic growth and development in South Africa. The economic outlook of the South Africa presents two scenarios leading to mixed feelings. On the one hand, there is recognition of efforts that are being made to change the course of history and the negative trends attached to the reform process along the years, while on the other hand, the economic outlook outlines and points to little impact of such efforts on the ground. This means that not much is happening in terms of improving the socio-economic conditions and lives of ordinary citizens, hence the need to engage seriously in search for an adequate and appropriate response.
