This paper is the first to consider the practicalities and problematics of applying GT as a novice researcher during a mixed methods research project. The findings from this have been developed into a set of considerations for prospective users of the method, intended as a decision-making tool for novice researchers.
This study is the first of its kind to empirically examine the impact of financial sector reforms on FDI inflow in an emerging economy using data from Ghana.
This study is the first of its kind that examines the Iranian policy in the ME and its consequences on Egypt in the context of the historical rivalry between the two countries.
This study contributes to the existing literature by investigating the usage of the DSARIMA-GARCH model in forecasting the Egyptian residential natural gas consumption series. The proposed model can be used to accommodate both daily and weekly seasonal patterns as well as the conditional volatility behavior.
This paper contributes to the literature on value creation in cultural industries by examining the mechanisms through which cultural products are valued and exploring the ramifications of these processes for organizations engaged in the production of cultural products.
This study is one of the first to examine psychological ownership in OSS communities, which are characterized by fluid membership combined with a lack of formal structure and few rules or regulations. The authors identify conceptual nuances between traditional organizations and O SS communities in regard to common antecedents of psychological ownership (e.g. extrinsic rewards). Importantly, the authors differentiate the types of organizational commitment most relevant to the two settings. While continuance commitment (i.e. the need to stay with a current employer) influences Psychological ownership in traditional organizations, the work identifies normative commitment as a powerful antecedent of Psychological Ownership in the OSS community.
This study will be making an important contribution to the field by providing an African perspective (a marginal voice) to the anti-oppressive discourse of the social work profession. Significantly, as the next generation of practitioners in the region as a whole, what social work students know about anti- Oppressive practice would prove cardinal in mainstreaming social work as a social justice-oriented profession in a context in which the relevance of the profession is increasingly being called to question.
The value added of this research lies in the fact that up to the humble effort exerted by the author, all articles reviewed have dealt with the visitors' experience of already existing museums or other cultural destinations that handles partially or totally post-visit image; but this research is dealing with a new museum that has not opened its doors to the visitors yet and will start functioning in late 2020 or 2021, and thus this research deals with the pre-visIT image of the museum, which will not be based on primary sources (previous experience of visitors to this specific destination) but rather on secondary sources of information messages sent by the destination through various media whether website or Facebook page or brochures or documentaries or press releases or advertisements about the GEM based on the attraction features that the management of GEM will use to attract visitors.
The findings from this research have identified the potential to shape an entrepreneurial intention through entrepreneurial attitude development based on entrepreneurship education and financial support. Entrepreneurial attitude can be shaped through entrepreneurship education throughout primary school, high school and tertiary education. The financial support provides deeper encouragement than entrepreneurship education to shape the entrepreneurial attitude, which will further stimulate the entrepreneurial intention to venture into entrepreneurship.
The paper extends prior research by providing further evidence from the education sector of the emerging market of Egypt, where this sector has a crucial role in civil and community service. The paper suggests a framework that enhances the role of universities' social responsibility and sustainable development.
The paper presents the impact of political reform on stability in Kuwait during the period after the Arab revolutions since 2010. The reform demands in Kuwait were not surprising. They were the result of political conflicts that preceded this period.
This study is considered to be a continuation of many research studies in the same way of developing practical formulas for measuring public performance. Authors are seeking to benefit from quantitative tools to serve the administrative studies related to measuring the institutional performance in the public sector. The idea of research is vital as it baves the way for assessing institutional performance and then assessing executing public policy in the following step in future studies in this line.
This study proposes a new way of analysis of terrorism data that can be useful in understanding the landscape of terrorism. This study is one of the first to use network analysis methodology in mapping terrorist groups together.
This research is a breakthrough to discover the willingness of Malaysians to purchase functional food to stay fit, which is influenced by lifestyle adaptation, social media, and food consumption awareness. The findings of this research will help functional food producers to make an effort to gain an insight into this untapped market by focussing on the lifestyle adaptation and social media influence and food awareness.
This is the first study that compares contraceptive discontinuation rates in Egypt over the past decade. It provides an overview of the reasons for discontinuation by methods and background characteristics of women, and estimates the impact of eliminating discontinuation for reasons related to method and service provision on fertility.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing an Islamic ethical framework that can guide and inform an individual scholar's research topic decision-making process. The authors aim to provide an overarching ethical framework for the process of individual research prioritization.
MCMC simulation may follow Bayesian statistics to estimate parameters that is impossible to be estimated by maximum likelihood estimate or other statistical methods. In addition, MCMC uses Gibbs sampling to generate a sample from a posterior distribution of a linear regression to estimate the linear regression parameters. In the same line, GLMs can be used for non-identical residuals and nonlinear functions and it uses a transformation to increase straighten of the regression.
This research adopts a new agent-based experimental model, called the RCM, which avoids a number of the concerns about crowd simulation. The model represents a new perspective with an elaborate set of groups, parameters and stimuli. For example, it includes seven groups, seven groups of protesters and the media. The experiments investigate the pattern and dynamics of the crowd under controlled broadcast strategies that adaptively change the media intensity according to the crowd status and the budget allocated.
This is the first study to examine the relationship between financial development and economic growth in Egypt using the new data set on financial sector development indexes introduced by Svirydzenka (2016). The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers to improve the performance of the Egyptian financial sector.
In this paper, the authors review some statistical methods that are used in social sciences and the authors draw the attention of researchers on less popular methods. The authors strongly believe that advanced statistical methods can be employed heavily in this area.
This study is one of the first to empirically investigate the underlying factors behind energy and water sustainable consumption behaviours of urban and rural consumers in the emerging market of Egypt.
The present study is the first of its kind in Karnataka, India, to determine the patterns of reported neonatal morbidity and care-seeking behavior and to identify factors associated with it. The results of the study suggest that efforts should be made to raise awareness regarding neonatal mortality, its prevention and the importance of care seeking from trained care providers.
The proposed approach in this study can then be extended to accommodate the full scope dimensions of an international crisis, using other resources, in addition to Security Council reports, such as media coverage and social media discussions. DNA together with text-mining helps researchers and analysts with new tools, insights and capabilities that are needed to understand the complexity of social and political phenomena.
This paper provides a detailed model for sustained competitiveness in the tourism sector. This model provides a starting point for future research that evaluates the identified variables and provides a long-term assessment of the competitiveness of tourism destinations. As part of a future agenda, it is proposed that competitiveness research will identify a new focus on sustained growth.
- The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to present a map of the epistemological and critical concerns in contemporary Islamic philosophy. It is also the first attempt to make use of critical analysis, with an awareness of the history of ideas.
This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the IC, co-creating modular mass-customisation (CMMC) - in terms of cost effectiveness, volume effectiveness, responsiveness, product modularity, and collaborative assembly - and value to customer (VC) in a creative jewellery market, which recently generated higher customer involvement in the assembly/reassembly and remix processes of its product modules/charms.
Deterring VNSAs requires a broad understanding of deterrence. The main focus of the theory remains unchanged, which is preventing undesirable actions. However, deterrence should include methods that transcend the traditional deterrence theory. The possibility of deterring violent ideologies, recruited militants and their supporters cannot be addressed easily by the classical theory, which focused on the sovereign nation-states. Many VNS as do not have the traditional assets based on the territory, which can be targeted through the threat of punishment associated with traditional state-based theory.
The present work forms a part of a big project aiming to introduce a proposal for education enhancement in Egypt, using modeling approach. It is desired that senior leaders and executive bodies pay attention to the development of education on the lines of say and action as one of the most important achievements.
This research contributes to the existing literature by providing additional theoretical and practical insights to the operational inefficiencies associated with the PSC used in two European countries, namely, the UK and Greece. It provides insights into the factors that impact upon the system's underperformance, which is a critical step for developing and improving the distribution of finished products to customers and patients.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the role of IB in the development and adoption of renewable energy in international business. It also highlights the potential of academic fields, such as IB and marketing, to play a crucial role in the implementation of the SDGs.
This research applies cost-benefit analysis to evaluate various alternatives through the theoretical scope of transaction cost economics to identify optimal supply chain efforts to address shortages in the Air Force Contingency Pharmaceutical Programme.
This research is the first to explore the potential fuel savings and subsequent fiscal advantages gained by the C-17 community adopting a practice of taxiing on a reduced number of engines prior to initial takeoff. The efficiency of this practice will be compared to the technical and operational risks associated with executing this maneuver.
The framework can be directly applied to analyze risk and pinpoint opportunities for mitigation. It can be used to inform strategic decisions for fleet design in advance of a conflict. It also provides a method for measuring risk and informing decisions that effectively mitigate it.
This paper introduces a novel subtour elimination methodology for the edge-greedy heuristic that is compared to two known methodologies. This paper also introduces the concept of ordered lists which remaps the TSP problem into a new space with promising initial computational results. Finally, extensions to all three methodologies are introduced to allow them to handle asymmetric instances, thus highlighting the importance of these methodologies within this class of fragment heuristics.
This paper contributes to the literature on defence SCs by proposing a new approach to SCD in defence, which is based on the military perspective on commercial SCD constructs, such as external contingencies and competitive priorities.
This paper provides insight on high-interest areas of research in defense-related supply chain management and logistics and opportunities for advancing theory and practice in this domain. The authors hope this paper provides some direction in how to successfully advance our discipline.
This paper contributes to the literature on supply chain risk management by providing a framework for assessing the long-term risks to the USAF's organic supply chain. This framework is unique in its ability to assess the risk to reconstitution from the perspective of the supply chain's supply chain manager.
This is the first study of its kind that has been conducted for a NEO in South Korea, and it provides the DoD and GCCs with a framework for the planning of NEOs in the South Korean context.
This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of SDRs on aircraft readiness metrics in the military. The results of this study provide insight into the impact that order fulfillment errors can have on aircraft availability, not mission capable supply and cannibalizations.
This study is the first to investigate the tradeoffs between degradation of solution quality and improvement in solution robustness when using an SMA approach for the APAMP. This type of comparison is lacking in current research but is actually a critical component to consider when using SMA for assignment processing. This study supports ongoing efforts within both the air force and the army to improve the assignment process.
The MNCP has been studied extensively in supply chain network design (SCND) problems. However, there have been few applications of SCND by analysts at the USTRANSCOM to answer this important military logistics problem. This paper is one of the first to propose a heuristic approach to solve the MNCPs.
This paper presents a mathematical model to assess the efficacy of various logistical options based on the number of medical distribution centers, the arrangements for processing individuals at each site including the number-of-stations set up for triage, medical examinations and the dispensing of drugs and thenumber of medical personnel available to staff these stations for a given size urban area.
This research is the first to investigate the effect of surface roughness on ultrasonic nondestructive testing (UT) of EBM Ti-6Al-4V using NDI.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the current state of the US Civil Reserve Air Fleet and its future viability in the twenty-first century.
This research is the first to compare the effectiveness of contemporary 155 mm artillery projectiles using a value-based framework. Insights from this research may facilitate commanders in their operational decision-making and inform potential doctrinal changes within the field artillery branch.
This study is one of the first to explore the application of ESI practices within the unique US defense acquisition environment. The insights developed provide some important outcomes and suggest other areas for future research.
This paper is the first to examine the NMCM segment of downtime in the context of aircraft availability. It is also one of the few studies to explore the relationship between maintenance manpower and downtime.
This study makes important theoretical and empirical contributions to behavioral supply chain management literature. With the predicted shortfall of talent within the supply chain workforce, there is growing interest in human resource management and the development of the knowledge, skills and abilities needed to effectively manage today's global supply chain. This research contributes to the literature by leveraging competence-view of the firm and human capital theory to increase our understanding of how learning culture effects operational performance and the mediating role of human capital and the moderating roles of workforce level.
This paper is the first to develop a heuristic approach to solve large instances of the MRVP. The heuristic can be used to identify critical nodes and edges in large-scale transportation networks, which are often difficult to solve using exact solution methods.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the factors influencing the service provider's willingness to bear PBC induced risks and how these risks are managed in a service supply chain. This study also contributes to PBC literature by identifying the role of relational governance in managing risk in PBC.
This paper offers postdictive analysis on how to most effectively allocate resources and alter policy outcomes in the latent environment of future high-conflict transition regions. This is the first study to use PMESII data to analyze the Arab Spring.
This is the first study to develop a statistical model to predict the likelihood that a USAR unit will be located in an area with a high likelihood of meeting its staffing requirements using market demographics. The model can be used by the USAR to screen out locations with low probabilities of meeting staffing requirements.
This paper is the first to propose a parallel machine-scheduling approach to the SCL retrieval process. The proposed system is flexible enough to adapt to changes as they occur in real time while providing an initial plan that is robust against variability.
This research is one of the first to provide insight into how and at what point the CPIs of environmental remediation projects typically stabilize and which factors significantly contribute to CPI stability. This research also provides insight into the management practices being used within projects.
This is the first study to examine the impact of DoD-backed innovation programs on the integration of new technologies in the defense sector. It is also one of the first studies to examine participants' experience in thedefense sector after program completion.
This is the first study to examine the impact of D2D ratios on supply-based force sustainment in the context of SOF. The findings suggest that the current use of these metrics may be contributing to the depleting capability of SOFs.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no peer-reviewed source could be found that documents the amount of ECP withhold that should be set aside for DoD contracts. Only anecdotal amounts were present in the literature. The aim of this paper served dual purposes: one, as a published reference point for E CP withholds in the archival forum; and two, derive an empirically-based method for determining percent ECP withheld.
This is the first study to empirically investigate O&S cost stability properties in US Air Force aircraft platforms. The results of this research provide a basis for the development of a parametric model that can be used as a secondary technique, or crosscheck, to the analyst's primary methodology.
This research contributes to the literature in several ways. First, the relevance of various constructs of preferential customer treatment is tested in the specific and focused setting of defense suppliers. Thus, this research focuses the analysis on the specific situation. Second, by showing the high effect of customer attractiveness on the perception of preferential treatment, the research introduces new thinking about defense procurement. The times of "the customer is always right" are gone, while defense management should be aware that the military depends on its suppliers. The military should be also aware that it is also perceived as a customer among other customers and that industrial suppliers give special treatment to only "preferred customers."
This study is the first to use discrete event simulation to analyze the effects of the current performance appraisal system structure and structure on the accuracy of the appraisal system. The authors provide a framework that can be used by other organizations to assess the effect of system dynamics and structure.
This is the first study to examine the use of aircraft load planning techniques to improve cargo utilization rates and ultimately save taxpayer money.
This paper is the first to use analytics to inform the use of category management and strategic sourcing in the procurement of product and services.
This paper is the first detailed description of the ILS-S program office's efforts to modernize the SBSS application to provide a more affordable and sustainable foundation for the next 50 years of supply support for Air Force operations.
This paper is the first to propose a new model for determining median will-cost estimates in DoD acquisition programs.
This study was the first of its type to address this gap of knowledge by adapting the WCST, a well-known measure of cognitive flexibility, for a military context. Specifically, the authors specifically focused on the set switching and set maintenance executive functions.
This is the first study to examine the effects of source selection method on procurement outcomes in the context of the Department of Defense (DoD). The findings suggest that the LPTA and TO methods do not necessarily produce better contractual outcomes.
The authors introduce an improved methodology for model development and assessment. The application of PCA represents a significant contribution to the level of statistical rigor in the model development methodology over previous efforts. Quantitative prediction models are useful when they yield accurate predictions. The authors use hold-out samples for model validation. To obtain a better appraisal of model stability during validation, the authors create additional realism by using simple linear trend forecasts of market supply variables.
This is one of the first papers to review the empirical literature on the impact of FinTech on household finance. It provides a comprehensive review of the empirical evidence on FinTech and household finance in different countries.
This paper is one of the first to empirically test the effect of interest rate liberalization on bank liquidity creation in China. This paper also contributes to the understanding of the mechanism of this effect, especially the mediation effect.
The current study contributes to the existing literature in various ways. First, the current study tries to address the inconsistency in the findings of previous studies on the nexus between the stock market and macroeconomic risk factors. Second, this study also contributes to existing literature by using high frequency monthly data over the periods of twenty-three years. In addition, the study also uses a broad set of macroeconomic factors to establish the feedback interaction between stock market return and macro economic risk factors at first and second moment level. Yet, another important contribution of this study is to compare the results for China and USA to uncover the differences in the time varying return and volatility relationship.
- To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first paper studying the effects of DAs on corporate cash savings.
The main contribution of this research compared to existing ones lies in depicting the countries which are sources of shock spillovers, by observing which stock market emits the shocks to others, and which receives the most shocks from others. Previous analyses have only confirmed only confirmed or cointegration exists, with static Granger causality testing at best. Here, the analysis provides more detailed insights which can be used in further research in investment strategies.
Most previous studies on firms' geographical location and information environment only consider the spatial distance between the firm and external stakeholders. The authors argue that the time distance between economic participants can also have the same effect on the information environment and thus affect the degree of information asymmetry and agency conflict between firms and creditors. This paper investigates the impact of the shortening of time distance after the opening of high-speed railways on corporate debt financing.
This paper contributes to the literature by investigating the influence of signal attributes on the WTP for pasture-raised beef in the Brazilian context.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the mediating role of intrinsic motivation and job involvement in the relationship of perceived role clarity and IWB.
By unveiling these patterns, the paper contributes to management theories related to buyer-supplier relationships within a strategic perspective, notably within a context of investments with high asset specificity levels. In addition, practitioners engaged in B2B relationships may benefit from the findings to shape their bargaining strategies.
This paper presents a comprehensive guide for those interested in engaging with grounded theorizing and exploring what the new online era of research has to offer for constructing a theory grounded upon online data.
This paper contributes to the literature on business incubators applying the DEA methodology, which is scarce and mainly focussed on Asian countries, whose focus on the efficiency analysis of the factors that lead to success both incubators and start-up or spin-off business is scarcely explored.
The present research seeks to add new knowledge to the literature on investment and financial restriction. By testing the existence of significant impacts of the mandatory dividend on the investment of publicly traded companies in different countries, the authors hope to help decision makers to decide whether or not to adopt the compulsory dividend.
This study contributes to the literature on the determinants of the adoption of insurance as a risk management tool by farmers in Brazil, which is a country with a low level of adoption of rural insurance. The results of this study contribute to the understanding of the factors that influence the use of insurance by Brazilian producers.
The study presents important results on the role of the BNDES in reducing financial constraints and increasing the ability of companies to invest. More importantly, however, the study showed that B NDES loans create a type of credit multiplier that significantly increases the investment capacity of each monetary unit of cash flow.
This study contributes to the literature by investigating the extent of environmental disclosure on corporate websites of companies located in Brazil and the USA through corporate characteristics. The research supports the legitimacy theory, which postulates that companies with lower environmental performances will take over a greater volume of environmental disclosures in the search of legitimacy for stakeholders.
This study demonstrates that when corporations have cultivated political relationships, they exhibit more tax aggressiveness depending on the size of the connection. This subject is important given that in recent years the electoral process has been concerned with the possibility of corruption and manipulations involving companies linked to political agents.
This study contributes to the literature in several ways. First, the authors update the pioneering studies of Dhrymes and Kurz (1967), McCabe (1979), McDonald et al. (1975) and Peterson and Benesh (1983). Second, the system of simultaneous equations is estimated with panel data and firm fixed effects, rather than a series of cross-sectional estimations. Third, the results help the understanding of the drivers of joint financial decisions and how financial constraints affect firms in different institutional environments. Fourth, by taking the interdependence of financial decisions into account, we grasp a broader understanding of this decision process.
This study presents a new methodology to typify and analyze the cooperatives' performance and organizational structure: their level of cooperative governance. It also explores the use of stochastic frontier models to evaluate how "cooperative governance" affects the efficiency of credit unions.
This study is one of the first to investigate the effects of facial expression on emotional contagion and product evaluation in static ads. This study also contributes to the literature by investigating the gender effects on the facial expression mechanism and product evaluations.
This study is the first to investigate the impact of everyday sadism in the business area. It is also one of the first studies to examine the impact on the firm's reputation of the presence of executives with strong traits of everydaySadism.
This study contributes to the literature by introducing the concept of social intra-organizational connection (SIC) and its effects in three relational domains: identification, satisfaction with life and work, trust and cooperation. Moreover, this study is one of the first to consider SIC in the context of cultural contexts that favor and promote this type of conduct.
This study contributes to the understanding of the adoption of age management practices by organizations in the context of ageing in Brazil. The results show that even though professionals aged 50 and over are considered as having a positive perception of the performance and knowledge of older managers, there is no evidence of companies adopting these practices.
The paper provides an updated and extended meta-analytic investigation on the subject, since previous works did not include quantitative data from moderating or mediating variables. The results benefit both practice and research, establishing empirical generalizations and identifying sources of inconsistencies in the findings of the EO-performance relationship.
This study is the first to investigate the influence of corporate global mindset on the internationalization process of Brazilian franchisors from an emerging country.
This research area is very recent, and little discussed in Brazil and around the world, in the scope of electricity distribution. Most of the studies available focus on efficiency measures, without providing a thorough discussion of the factors leading to efficiency variations. Focusing on efficiency estimation restrains the study to a particular sample or geographical area.
This study is one of the first studies to examine the influence of IWE in the employees' organizational commitment and job satisfaction in the context of Islamic banks in Indonesia.
The main novelty of the paper is that it provides an empirical analysis of the collaboration patterns in so poorly studied disciplines and allows a better comprehension of the role of demographic and geographical aspects in the researchers' co-authorship network. A second contribution is that the authors included in the analysis inedited variables regarding the stages of academic degrees to express different levels of research experience during and after the process of research training. Finally, the authors adopt a higher level of methodological sophistication by combining social network analysis with econometric procedures, instead of only describing the network as in most studies.
The study herein presents contributions to both governance and strategy literature and to business management in the Brazilian context. From a practical approach, the results provide future investors with a warning about the weakness that characterizes Brazilian firms in what regards the growth strategy position through an M&A.
This study contributes by linking climate awareness with the disaster operations phases and responsibility attribution, and highlighting risk perception for businesses and supply chain operations. Moreover, the results reinforce the need for deeper awareness and preparedness from all private and public organizations in terms of planning and mitigation of risks from EWE.
This study contributes to the literature on corporate governance and business ethics by providing empirical evidence of the relations between the board of directors and the CBE of Brazilian companies. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other companies to improve their corporate governance.
This is the first study that investigates the interplay between advisor gender and advice justification (analytic versus intuitive) in advice taking in managerial decision-making contexts.
This study represents a contribution in understanding UDP under the tacit knowledge perspective, enabling a better comprehension of tacit knowledge in UDP's model of Mintzberg et al. (1976) and providing a clearer view of the role of managers in decision-making processes, especially in regards to their tacit abilities.
The results corroborate the foundations of spillover effects theory and with the recognition that the intensity of the effect of the foreign participation on the performance of economies will depend on the absorption capacity of host economies. The outcomes of the research present several practical implications, as its development is based on therecognition that productivity is essential for the development of a country.
This paper contributes to deepening the knowledge about possible pathways and strategies that can make water resources management in Brazil less vulnerable to scarcity events, particularly considering the most stressed water basins. It is also relevant to study whether other economic instruments can play a role within water management policies, especially to minimize the negative impacts of scarcity events.
This study contributes to a greater understanding of the effects of satisfaction and brings empirical evidence closer to the reality of day-to-day market situations, demonstrating the point at which reputation and involvement are (or are not) significant. This enables us to recognize which amount of service reputation and level of involvement increases satisfaction and positively influences loyalty and WTP.
This work is particularly important as it seeks to meet the research agenda of the coordination of political coalitions, proposed by Jenkins-Smith et al. (2014) in an article assessing the trajectory of the ACF. In addition, this case study of Belo Monte HPP brings a unique analysis using the modes of operation of ideology, contributing to the new discursive institutionalism and ACF when adopting the CDA as an original method to examine how coalitions use the discourse. A belief system is the result of a social construction marked by sharing subjectivities, i.e. it is a process that exposes the intersubjectivity among members of coalitions.
This paper makes two contributions. First, it suggests that there are several epistemological justifications for using case studies. Second, it shows that the quality and rigor of academic research with case studies are directly related to the alignment between epistemology and research design rather than to choices of specific forms of data collection or analysis.
The embodied practice-based research is the upshot from the intertwined of the researcher's interpretation, judgment, and affect performances. All interpretation, judgement and affect are actions wherein the researcher cognition is not separated from his/her perception and its capacity to affect and be affect by humans and non-humans--including the research data. There is no coherent interpretation without perception and affect.
This article contributes to the literature on the subject of phenomenography, which is insufficiently explored in organizational studies. It is a framework that can contribute as an alternative to problematize and analyze organizational practices, expanding the possibilities of creating theories from findings in the field.
This paper contributes to the literature on QCA and the neo-configurational approach in management research by providing a theoretical and empirical justification of QCA as the preferred tool for empirically testing configurational theories. It also provides a framework for future research that can be used to further advance QCA's use as a research tool in management.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it discusses the relevance of detailing the methodological procedures adopted in the transcription in research reports in the management field. This is based on the understanding that many times, and without understanding, many studies in management do not detail the procedures that should be followed in conducting transcriptions.
This study is the first to present and apply the Bayesian factor analysis for mixed data (BFAMD) in the context of empirical research in management studies by using the Bayes paradigm for the construction of scales.
This paper is the first attempt to provide a guide to management scholars on how to use IE to advance research on organizational phenomena. The authors present the main characteristics and requirements associated with both the researcher, organizational context, research question, and data availability for the proper use of IE.
The originality of this paper lies in the way in which it introduces the concept of multilevel regression models for longitudinal data, and in the fact that it provides an overview of the main concepts and applications that can be used by researchers to analyze longitudinal data.
This paper is intended to be a practical guide to the novice researcher on D&V of attitudes measurement scales. The authors hope the present article can "enlighten" possible novice researchers who wish to initiate the construction and validation of scales and bring new practitioners to this field.
This study drew from the applied microeconometric literature in favor of fitting Poisson regression with robust standard errors rather than the OLS linear regression of a log-transformed dependent variable. The authors applied both models in a health expenditure dataset to show the main differences.
This is the first paper to provide a comprehensive overview of the DiD method and to provide practical recommendations for researchers wishing to apply the method.
This paper contributes to the existing criticism to Network Analysis and contributes to this debate as it goes deeper on the "human agency", "temporality" and "meaning themes" associated with Network Analysis studies.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to look into the influence of the algorithm currently used on scholarly search engines with the aim of proposing improvements so that a more reliable algorithm can help on breaking the hegemony of science.
The study integrates the growing international accounting literature that examines the association between economic profit, measured by stock returns and financial information, such as accounting profitability. From this perspective, a model with a long window of stock returns at the contemporary level and changes in the accounting variables was estimated. Through this procedure, the authors tried to show which aspects of the capital market entail an active implication to generate differences in the usefulness of the financial statements.
This article contributes to the theory by conducting an in-depth analysis of the literature on DBM using the LSA technique, raising and consolidating concepts presented on D BM in the literature. From this, it was possible to present a set of characteristics about DBM, as presented in Table I. Also, the presentation of this set of characteristic aims to help managers understand this theme and later translate these understandings into their business with greater confidence.
The present study adds to current literature that examines the use of applications installed in smartphones; more specifically, in emergency calls made outside the hospital base. Recently, there has been a greater presence of applications using mobile devices, especially the smartphone, both by the public in general and health professionals, mainly because it is a new technology that combines communication and mobile computing through a portable device. In an increasingly mobile society, wireless IT infrastructure supports numerous applications, whether linked to mobile commerce, supply chain management or more recently to health care. Similarly, the advance of mobile devices powered by 3G, 4G and wireless technology has enabled the creation of a wide variety of service applications to perform mobile health care easily and conveniently.
The study contributes to the theory of operations management concerning inter-organizational relationships, as it advances the field of relational view, highlighting the adoption of relational and integrative strategies, as well as broadening the competency debate in the field.
The authors contribute to the literature by comparing logistic and machine-learning approaches to subjective methods, and by combining credit scoring to profit scoring in a credit union context. As credit unions are private, it is difficult to have access to their data, and the authors are not aware of a similar analysis in Brazil.
The paper contributes to the literature by offering a view beyond the "pure public" versus "pure private" dichotomy and by improving the existing knowledge on hybrid governance, particularly PPPs. More specifically, the paper addresses the boundary conditions in which hybrids are feasible alternatives in the highly sensitive context of critical services.
The results indicate non-rejection of H1, thereby allowing one to infer that entrepreneurs are more satisfied with their jobs, as was also pointed out by Binder and Coad (2013) and Van Praag and Versloot (2007). The results also indicate that entrepreneurs have a better quality of life than non-entrepreneurs.
This study contributes to the understanding of work team identity as a collective phenomenon that unites individuals around team goals. It also contributes to understanding the contribution of SIT for understanding the functioning and effectiveness of teams.
This study contributes to the literature on CSR and corporate governance by providing empirical evidence on the influence of gender diversity in the relationship between CSR, CG and the financial performance of Brazilian public companies.
This work proposed and studied a framework of the antecedent and consequence of the impulse buying through a systematic and meta-analytic review. The results found incorporate new antecedents and consequences for understanding the relations originated by impulse buying, bringing new contributions to the marketing field of research.
This is the first study to evaluate the impact of the supply chain structure of the national automotive industry on its competitiveness, crosschecking it with supply chains of other countries that have stood out in the literature.
The results of this study are superior to the previous findings because the authors considered the aspects forming the consumers' attitude and belief and those that reflected the perception of greenwashing.
This paper contributes to the debate on the role of universities in the fight against corruption by providing a unique perspective on the importance of universities' role in this regard.
The study makes two main contributions. First, it extends the seminal work of Strong et al. (2014) on the theory of technology affordances by identifying new sub-categories and by proposing a processual model of affordance interdependencies that have the potential to enhance existing knowledge. Second, it contributes to literature on the management of the third sector not only by creating a bridge with the literature on ICT but also by shedding some light on the potentialities of the use of technologies for the accomplishment of their social mission.
This study has both theoretical and practical implications. From a theoretical perspective, its importance lies on the increased use of outsourced labor in public administration and the relative paucity of empirical studies on outsourced workers' attitudes toward their job and the organization, as evidenced in the literature review. As the topic of outsourcing is quite controversial, the authors hope this new evidence brings new contribution to the discussion. As a practical standpoint, the results may guide the development of human resource management policies and practices aligned with the reality and the needs of public servants and outsourced employees.
This study contributes to the literature on MCSs and organizational justice by providing empirical evidence of the effects of MCS dimensions on unethical behaviors through the perception of organizational justice and organizational commitment.
This study contributes to the debate on financial literacy as a set of relationships capable of at least partly explaining financial behavior based on a logical rationale: greater financial knowledge, appropriate self-confidence and better financial attitudes are only helpful if they produce desirable financial behaviors. For this reason, in the proposed financial literacy model, the main variable of interest was financial behavior, with knowledge and self- confidence as antecedents.
The paper integrates the literature about HGFs at its different levels: business environment, organization and individual. This creates a document that brings together the main theoretical and empirical results generated at each level of analysis, thus shedding light on the interdependence between them. Second, the article advances a characterization of scale-up companies to enable a better basis for discussion. Finally, the paper identifies gaps in the existing literature and suggests pathways for future research.
This study contributes to the understanding of organizational culture and sustainability in the Brazilian electricity industry. The results provide clarity on the dominant cultural profile, cultural forces and the relations between cultural profiles and the triple bottom line (3BL) approach.
The study is novel by providing new insights about entrepreneurship and the entrepreneurial intention-action gap. The most important theoretical implication is the conceptualization of the accomplish process, the empirical identification of the barriers and their relative importance. Furthermore, it alerts entrepreneurial candidates to the need to identify and find ways to overcome the barriers they face in the achievement process. The study also discloses contradictory results with the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor - Portuguese Monitor Reports regarding the importance of barriers and the taxes of early-stage entrepreneurs.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the determinants of the perception of quality of food prepared and sold in the street food trade. The results of this study contribute to the body of knowledge regarding the social dimension of street food and its consequences in terms of product quality, organization of the point of sale, cleanliness and healthiness.
This study contributes to the literature on business administration by providing a source of information to assist managers in their decisions about standardization strategies and product customization in the international market. Moreover, there is a lack of empirical studies focused on identifying and prioritizing the factors influencing the decision on customization comparing the two types of products, B2B and B2C, in global markets.
This study contributes to the literature by providing evidence that, in the first years of their term of office, CEOs are more likely to use opportunistic results management practices. In addition, the application of the study in the Brazilian context may present new findings, as the CEOs' average term is shorter than that in other countries and the importance given by variable remuneration may be a preponderant factor for possible divergences.
This study is justified by the lack of studies analyzing OBA on a dyadic perspective. This research aims to broaden knowledge regarding OBA in interorganizational relationships and how it is influenced by the relational context. Therefore, the findings should contribute to understand difficulties to apply this instrument on companies and factors that may influence its operation and performance, impacting on satisfaction and trust.
This paper provides a conceptualization of green HRM. It also addresses workplace-based green human resource management practices, sheds light on recent research results on the soft human side of environmentally sustainable organizations and suggests a new, focussed research agenda to inspire future research in green Human Resource Management.
This study is the first to analyze the effectiveness of an "acclaimed" celebrity endorsement effect in a context where the endorsed object is an aspiring new celebrity, aligned with a proposal from Knoll and Matthes (2017).
This paper is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the influence of taxation on dividend policy in Brazil, which is a country where marginal tax rates are high, which suggests that companies pursue active tax planning strategies, which include changes in their dividend policies in response to changes in the tax legislation.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to analyze the influence of the B/M ratio and expected future B/ M ratio and ROE on explaining Brazilian stock market returns.
This study may be considered a pioneering work in portfolio construction, risk management and performance evaluation in Brazil. The results of the tests performed indicate that practice departs from theory in the country: of the eight hypotheses tested, the authors rejected seven hypotheses and partially rejected one hypothesis.
This paper contributes to the literature by presenting in the structural model evidence that low expectations among civil servants bring low affective commitment which, in turn, leads to higher willingness to quit organizations.
This study contributes to the literature on the relationship between the quality of the institutional environment and FDI flows in the G-20. It is one of the first studies to analyze the impact of institutional factors on the level of FDI in the context of the 20 largest economies.
By bringing together ideas from IB and IE, the authors show that the internationalization process of a traditional firm can be fruitfully analyzed through an opportunity lens. This means associating characteristics of international opportunities with mode continuation and modal shifts in all of the foreign markets in which the firm has operated. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first attempts to tackle a theoretical issue that has remained largely unexamined.
This paper contributes to the enrichment of the theoretical field on the evaluation of graduates. Besides, it provides information about graduates' perception of the achievement of the objectives of the programs and on their professional positions.
This paper is the first attempt to map CRA's methodological evolution in management-oriented journals. It is also the first to analyze the evolution of CRA's use in Brazil.
The administration of justice is a subject of high social and political importance, linked to the broader field of public administration, but it has hardly been studied, especially in Brazil. Although important, this issue has not received proper attention from the Brazilian scientific community that studies public administration. The present situation indicates that this topic faces greater challenges than other topics that are already well-established in the literature, but also offers numerous research opportunities.
This paper presents a new methodological approach to non-market value analysis, which is based on the use of choice experiments to estimate the utility of the alternative.
This study is the first of its kind to apply the logit model for valuating intangible benefits arising from the afforestation activities in India.
The research provides an important reference model for the world, especially for other developing countries. The research shows that China's forestry marketization already has made obvious achievements in the process of the reform on marketization. At the same time, China's marketization process is needed to be further promoted in an all-round way, and market-supporting reforms should be further explored.
This is the first study to provide empirical evidence of urban forest depletion in the GAR of Ghana. It also unveils the perceived driver intensities of forest depletion.
This study is one of the first to estimate the economic benefits of urban conifers in terms of abatement of PM2.5 in Korea. The results of this study can be used as a guideline for policy makers to develop policies and the development of related technology to reduce air pollution.
This study is one of the first studies to use the stated preference method in the Lebanese context. It is also the first study to use a mixed-methods approach to assess the willingness to pay (WTP) and the WTA for reforestation for environmental services.
This study is the first of its kind that quantifies ecosystem services of Sundarbans mangrove forest and develops management strategy of ecosystem services for improved conservation. It is also the first study that uses conjoint approach to quantify the ecosystem services and develop management strategy for ecosystem services.
Based on the New-New Trade Theory, this study provides a new way to measure the quality of China's forestry exports and identify the influencing factors on the quality. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the development of the quality measurement method and methods of export product quality.
Existing research has demonstrated only a few influencing factors, as the research data sequence used for analysis was relatively short. In addition, since regression analysis cannot analyze the effect degree of forestry economic growth by different influencing factors from the dynamic development trend in different years, the grey correlation analysis method is used for this paper, as it can analyze the changing trend of factors sequence according to its proximity of the curve shape.
This research shows a theoretical mechanism that the environmental income drives the economic growth of a large open economy. The authors argue the relative environmental income holding a part of relative income. When all extra hedonic utility obtained from renewable resource consumption, a discount rate catches the relationship between the saving and the relative economic income. The more renewable resources are reproduced, the higher relative environmentalincome is earned and the larger positive environmental externalities conciliate the negative externalities of overconsumption with increasing technology in the process of capital accumulation. Thus, the growth of both renewable resource stock and technology drives a sustainable manner.
Based on this, the paper provides thorough review on dynamic monitoring of forestry area in China, discussed the technical problems existing in the current dynamic monitoring and impact assessment of forestry land changes, and proposed the countermeasures for dynamic monitoring. In addition, it looks forward to the future priority fields of forest land optimization management and provides decision-making reference for dynamic Monitoring and Impact Assessment of Forest Land Changes in the future.
This paper is one of the first to explore the preferences and demand of city residents for making the improvement of their future urban forest in Beijing, China's capital city. This paper also contributes to the existing research on the city resident-based analysis of urban forest.
This study is one of the first studies on forest insurance policy simulation in China. The results of this study will be useful for the insurance companies and policy makers to improve the insurance coverage rate and increase the forest insurance coverage.
This paper clarifies the role of big data in China's sustainable forest management and provides an overview of the current state of research on big data and its applications in forest management.
The authors propose a two-stage supply chain model of one supplier and one manufacturer of biomass molding fuel. In the centralized decision-making, it works out the optimal decision of supply, however, there is a difference between the supply of the supplier and the order quantity of the producer. Both of them aim at maximizing their own profit, so the double marginal effect emerged. To solve the problem, a contract of wholesale price with shortage penalty is proposed. By analyzing the model, the paper finds that the contract can coordinate this supply chain.
This study suggests a model to determine empirical results and reasons for deglobalization at the national level. In this study, the reduction of import share of the manufacturing industry in GDP was considered as a deglocalization variable. The study researched which of the three KOF's globalization index factors, economic, social and political, has the greatest impact on degLobalization.
This research is one of the few research conducted on hospitality at the airport. Several previous researchers have studied the hospitality at airport (Albeshrati and Ahmad, 2015), and several other researchers conducted mostly the research on hospital and hotel objects. This research was carried out at the port, where corporate hospitality is a discipline where a new form of hybrid organization by combining elements from different institutional logic (Pacheco and Santos, 2013). This research is also relevant to all forms of organizations state-owned enterprises, family-based businesses, cooperatives, non-profit companies.
This study contributes to the existing little literature on the relationship between corporate governance and risk management of Indonesian banks. The results showed that corporate governance in banks is able to influence bank operational risk management, liquidity risk managements, market risk management and credit risk management. The value of governance composites is very useful for researchers to examine the influence of corporate governance on risk management in banks.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of various contributing factors to CO2 emissions on economic growth and FDI in India.
This paper is the first of its kind to empirically analyze the determinants of IT software and service exports from India. It is also one of the few studies that uses firm-level data for analysis.
The study is the first to jointly examine these important growth determinants, especially in the West African subregion. The use of the technique of unit root of Pesaran (2007) is also a deviation from several existing studies. One advantage of this technique over others is that being a second-generation test, it tests variable unit root in the presence of cross-sectional dependence. As such, it controls for contemporaneous correlation.
- This paper may be a major contribution of this paper in filling the niche of existing research on blended insurance. The paper summarizes development finance, blended finance and insurance which is growing in size and in popularity in global society as a remedy for sustainable development.
The results of this study will provide relevant authorities in China and other developing countries with information to enhance their present and future policy directions for a sustainable household waste separation management process.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing recent evidence on the relationship amongst financial development, openness in financial services trade and economic growth using a panel data set of BRICS economies. In fact, after relaxing the issue of cross sectional dependence, the authors find that openness infinancial services trade affects growth with respect to the development of financial sector.
This is the first study to examine the evolution of China's partnership network and the factors that systematically influence the building of partnership network as we see today. In addition to its comprehensiveness, the network consists of different stratifications, going from regular partnership to comprehensive strategic partnership.
This is the first study that explores the determinants of foreign debt from the perspective of the policy-making power dynamics between the executive and the legislature, a relatively understudied area for political scientists.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between IT investment, software and services export, IT investment and GDP nexus in India using VECM framework.
The author uses strategic interaction analysis, as developed by Lake and Powell (1999), to derive conclusions or hypotheses about the likely outcome of the interaction. Using this analytic scheme, the author asks: how plausible are the four different developments described above?
This paper is the first attempt to analyse IPE thought in Korea during its pre-modern and colonial eras, which it divides into three periods during which distinct IPE thoughts emerged. It also confirms that "economic" ideas are in essence "political economic" ones.
This paper is the first attempt to explain the underlying cause of the Sino-US trade war on the basis of HST and PTT. It is also one of the first attempts to predict the US-China trade war.
This study is one of the first of its kind to examine the impact of climate change-induced flood on urban infrastructure at the municipal level in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries in the face of future climate change.
This study is the first of its kind to quantify the habitat suitability of forest patch for elephant in Panchet forest division of West Bengal. It is also one of the few studies to measure the quality of forest habitat by using PFD.
This study is one of the first attempts to evaluate the hydrochemical characteristics of groundwater in the Ardabil region, Iran. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the management of water resources in the region.
This is the first study to model and predict the relative abundance and distribution of mammalian herbivore species in GNP using available aerial survey data.
This study is one of the first studies to evaluate the effectiveness of P. betle extract as a natural piscicide in fish farming and aquaculture. The results of this study can be used as a reference for fish farmers and researchers in the field of fish farming, especially in developing countries such as Malaysia.
Rooftop gardening is regarded as a part of urban farming with potential to solve food security problems. It facilities a diverse group of people that seeks farming not only as a source of food availability but also as a means to improve existing social problems such as unemployment. However, regarding rooftop farming, necessary plans and policies should be formulated by the government as much of the respondents do have rooftop farms but good agricultural practices are lacking.
This paper is an attempt to cover available literature on natural resource management, which reflects the involvement of Pakistan communities living in different regions for sustainable management in agriculture, forestry and livestock sectors differentiated by women. The participation and responsibilities of women change as the geographic area changes, along with variation in local customs, norms and traditional values. That is why, in this study women role for agriculture sector in four provinces or two regions of Pakistan is highlighted.
This study is one of the first studies to analyze the intention of the households to drop off mobile phones to the collection boxes in Malaysia. It is also the first study to use the TPB model to identify factors that influence households' decision on e-waste disposal.
This study is the first of its kind in Peninsular Malaysia to examine the accumulation of heavy metals in coastal sediments of Peninular Malaysia. It will be useful for the researchers and policy makers to understand the sources of heavy metal contamination in coastal sediment and to take appropriate measures to protect the environment.
This study applied beach morphodynamic state that uses dimensionless fall velocity O model to estimate the preliminary rip currents beaches along Kuantan coastline. Results indicate four out of five recreational beaches have higher potential in developing rip current. These are the coastline areas covering from north (BA and BH), central (TC) and south (SEP). The results from this study demonstrate a consistent trend with field observation study as well as drowning incidents reported by newspapers.
Based on the existing analytical methods and research results of carbon footprint in textile industry and the existing problems, this paper will suggest the improvement measures to reduce the carbon footprint of the textile industry with life cycle theory as the support and input-output analysis as the analysis method.
This study is one of the few studies that overlapped findings in suburban and residential areas in Terengganu, Malaysia. It provides baseline information on the existence and types of birds within the region of coverage.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, studies which analyze the determinants of income generating from microfinance using quantile regression have been non-existent in Malaysia. As oppose to the simple linear regression method, this study uses rigorous statistical tools to examine the impact of microcredit loan, amount of assets, household size, age, duration in the scheme, ratio of spending to income and location on higher and lower household income per capita.
This is the first study that considers the optimal debt ratio as a function of the profitability of the automobiles and parts sector in the Euro area. It is also the first one that uses the Eurozone Economic Sentiment Indicator as a dummy variable for the crisis.
This study is one of the first studies that investigate the effect of ESG scores on portfolio performance in Europe and Turkey. The results of this study can be used as a reference for investors and investment companies in the area of sustainability.
This study is the first to compare the return predictability of ten established markets and ten emerging ones for the period January 2004-December 2018. It also extends the existing empirical evidence to encompass data which reflects more recent developments which significantly impacted on financial markets.
- To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first to analyze the capital structure of "Islamic" companies by differentiating for its country of origin with respect to its economic development and Muslim-majority statuses and does so with a larger data set compared to previous research.
This study contributes to the literature on efficiency and productivity analysis for IIs by using input-oriented DEA-CCR model for efficiency analysis and Malmquist index model for productivity analysis.
This article makes three main contributions to the literature on financial regulations: firstly, it provides a comprehensive and up-to-date review of theoretical and practical implications of Basel IV in the context of banking risk management principles. Secondly, it undertakes an in-depth examination of the implementation of the BaselIV standards in the case of the EU. Finally, it offers policy implications for policymakers and practitioners.
The present study contributes to the financial literature in several aspects. First, this study is the first of its kind - up to the author's knowledge - that examines a large cross-country sample of MENA banks (144) to cover a long time period in the recent past, and, more importantly, after the banking sector in the region has experienced major transformations during last two decades. Second, most of the MENA region countries included in this study, namely, banks, operate in tax-free environments (there are neither taxes on dividends nor on capital gains). This feature adds complexity to the ongoing dividend debate. Third, the study examines dividends issue by applying the residual income model (an accounting model) that is widely accepted among academicians in an accounting field which is different to previous empirical works that were applied (dividend discount model, capital assets pricing model, event study and event study).
This conceptual paper applies the core of the author's argument for cosmopolitan business ethics based on corporate citizenship, CSR and stakeholder management on sustainable capital markets in relation to good corporate governance. This approach makes it possible to integrate corporate citizenship and business ethics with good governance of the firm as the basis for improving the investment and capital value of firms for owners and investors.
- This paper uses the volume of Google search to proxy the investor attention due to reason that Google's search data are easy accessible and free available to investors. It is a direct methodology of collecting trend data that has not been used in the prior literature for Tunisian stock market. In addition, this general and broad measure reflects the rapidly changing interests of millions of Internet users especially whom that access to huge amounts of economic and financial information online.
This is the first study that investigates the relationship between the DCC between Bitcoin and energy commodities and monetary policy in the context of the US and European Central Bank.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate cryptocurrencies as individual investment opportunities and as components of the construction of an optimal portfolio.
This is the first study to investigate the role of board diversity in improving the effectiveness of FTSE 350 boards through its impact on their role-effectiveness. The findings of this study contribute to the body of knowledge in the area of corporate governance by providing evidence from directors' perspectives on the impact of functional diversity on board effectiveness.
To the best of author's knowledge, there is no study that investigates herd behavior of investors in common risk-factor portfolios under different market conditions, which helps practitioners to understand economic rationale behind the model. The findings also stress scholars to revisit the five-factor model from behavioral perspective for robustness and to understand under what conditions the model can be effectively applied.
This study contributes to the current literature as follows: first, it provides further understanding regarding the effects of SML on cost of capital, thereby indirectly on the stock market development of EIC. Second, it is one of the few empirical studies focusing specifically on EIC as the study sample is missing. Third, this study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of S ML on the costs of capital in the stock markets of emerging Islamic countries. Fourth, the results of this study will be useful for the policy makers, investors, regulators, and academicians in developing countries.
This study is the first to empirically examine the informativeness of earnings announcements using a broad sample of over 12,000 observations coming from 396 companies listed at Borsa Istanbul over the 2007-2017 period.
The findings from this study are in line with those reported in the existing literature that financial analysts have asymmetric reactions to past returns information when making earnings forecasts. This study is the first to investigate the impacts of structural changes in stocks' past returns on financial analysts' earnings forecasting rationality.
The major contribution of this paper is to demonstrate that sentiment and mood are separate concepts that need to be differentiated from each other, both theoretically and empirically. While sentiment is a concept of behavioral finance and refers to economic variables, mood is a concepts of psychology and refersto non-economic variables. Sentiment arises due to biased cognitive processes of investors whereas mood arises dueto biological processes.
This paper provides a comprehensive analysis of pension funds in terms of design and performance provided by the Turkish pension fund industry. A thorough analysis of fund performance in the domain of pension investing requires a well-defined metric that is suitable for life-cycle investment. In this paper, the authors provide a risk-adjusted return metric based on the money-weighted excess returns over inflation.
This study provides an insight of the impact of D&O insurance on stock price crash risk in an emerging Asian market. Moreover, this research simultaneously considers the influence of the corporate governance system because it might influence the impact on the firms' stock price Crash risk.
This study is the first to investigate the linkages between market capitalisation, dividend yield, earnings yield, growth rate and the distinction between established firms and those which were listed relatively recently in the context of four European markets.
The study adds to the existing body of SRI literature in the following ways: first, the sample size in this study is larger than those of previous studies with an extended period. Second, it provides additional evidence on SRI fund performance using four risk-adjusted return measures and compares SRI funds performance with multiple benchmark indices. Third, besides Jensen's single-factor model, it uses the Fama-French three-factor, Carhart four-factor and FAMA-French five-factor models to bring additional insights to SRIFund performance through factor analysis. Finally, it offers a cross-sectional regression analysis of fund performance and factors influencing their performance using various fund characteristics, screening criteria and fund types to explore the determinants of S RI fund performance.
This work is a continuation of the subspace sparsing framework proposed in Yilmaz and Akansu (2015). It is based on the rate-distortion theory and employs zero-zone (mid-tread) pdf-optimized (Lloyd-Max) quantizer created for the histogram of an eigenvector or eigenmatrix and the desired level of sparsity in the sub space. It focuses on sparsity of eigenportfolios of stocks in S&P500 index by using this method and their resulting performance.
This paper is the first to propose a methodology for executing large-scale processes in a blockchain network. The methodology is based on a combination of a distributed, distributed, tamper-proof, append-only ledger, and a virtual machine.
Considering Malaysia's limit width and lack of prior empirical attempts, Bursa Malaysia emerges as an attractive laboratory for testing the magnet effect of price limits.
To the authors' knowledge, this paper is one of the first to analyze the relationship between cross-country and cross-index basis. The authors do not restrict their analysis with pairwise analysis, but also check the direction of the spillover and crossspillovers across MIs and stock markets.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to propose an accounting reform to support the shift towards a sustainable financial system. It is also the first attempt to introduce the concept of "quality of growth" in the context of sustainable development.
This study differs from other past studies that examine CPO price in Malaysia (see e.g. Murphy, 2014; Haron and Salami, 2015; Nambiappan et al., 2018) because they did not consider structural break in their studies. In other words, these studies ignore the abrupt change in price series at a time point in time. As this study account for the effect of structural break, the authors are then able to examine whether distortion in price pattern due to shocks to price has any impact on the long-run cointegration between CPO and CPO-F prices.
This paper is the first to propose a public filing of the tax returns of large companies, together with related information, which will help to check tax avoidance. It will strengthen parliamentary and public scrutiny of corporations and tax authorities and public accountability would exert public pressure on companies to clean up their practices. Public filing of tax returns would also improve competition and enhance public accountability.
This is the first attempt to critically reflect upon the literature and research in the area of efficient markets and its implications for regulatory policy.
This study has employed several financial indicators to assess the performance of intermediary institutions in the Turkish capital markets with a comprehensive framework affecting all the financial performance indicators, while based on the survey results, net sales level has become the most significant indicator.
This is the first study to use a broad measure of CSR, using data from ASSET4, reflecting firm-level choices and activities in dealing with ESG issues. It is also one of the first studies to use an ESG measure to identify which CSR aspects are important and which aspects are not important.
The study provides contribution to the international real estate investment literature in two ways. First, this is the first study to analyze house price spillovers between USA-UK and New York-London for over 40 years since 1975. Long observation period provides an important opportunity to understand both historical trends and the current picture of the linkages between these leading countries and cities from the spillover perspective. Second, on the empirical side, the authors found a unidirectional spillover running from US to UK house prices at the country level. However, when the authors investigate the spillovers relationship at city level, the results indicate that there is a uni-directional relationship running from London to New York.
This is the first study that applies intraday return data in the oil commodity literature. The study extends the literature further and builds on Inci and Seyhun (2018). The evidence confirms that oil spot and oil futures markets are tightly linked. Economic shocks, news, innovations that arise in spot markets are quickly and fully conveyed to the futures markets. The evidence shows that most of the reaction is completed within at most half an hour. Similarly, positive or negative shocks, innovations, arriving in futures markets, are transmitted to spot markets quickly. The transmissions amongst futures contracts with different maturities are also fast and comprehensive, though the direction of transmission seems to be stronger from the liquid and actively traded futures contracts to longer-maturity contracts.
- This is the first paper to examine the inferences we may or may not be able to draw from statistical studies of financial reports and secondary markets for equity of public firms.
This is the first study to provide a comprehensive definition of sustainability for socially responsible investing and reporting. The findings of this study will be of value to academics and practitioners interested in CSR and sustainability.
This study is one of the first to examine the effects of plain English on NPIs in the context of risk disclosures, which became part of the required SEC registrants' disclosures since 2005. This study is especially timely in light of the SEC's Concept Release on April 15, 2016 that seeks public comment on suggested changes to business and financial disclosures required by S-K regulation.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to comprehensively analyze the performance of both diversified emerging market equity and bond mutual funds in the USA.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to identify the major reversals of the BIST-30 index by extreme outliers using simple statistical tools.
This paper provides an overview of the flash crash and its causes drawn from in-depth investigations and studies reported by experts and researchers. The educative value of this experience is significant and the regulations for HFT have been continuously revisited and being upgraded by the responsible bodies.
The architecture is an addition to the existing crowdsourcing models in literature and forms basis for interrogation and enhancement by other researchers. The architecture is also an artefact that can be adopted by application developers when building applications for ontology enhancement.
The innovation of this paper is to propose that the change of individual relationship in crowd-intelligence network is the embodiment of individual intelligence in crowd network and to design a simulation scheme for this idea. This paper proposes a novel simulation framework for crowd co-evolutions.
This study contributes to the understanding of the intrinsic rewards of experts by analyzing the knowledge exchange behavior of social professionals on Zhihu Lives. The authors can provide practical suggestions for the development of the platform by analyzing this special phenomenon of knowledge exchange in the present stage of the knowledge sharing economy.
This framework can step by step in the whole information dissemination process, strive for control steady-state at every level of public opinion development adaptively, avoid one size fits all and achieve better effect in multi-source information dissemination. In member mode, generate massive crowd science units becomes simple and easy to operate, users only need to change member attribute according to their requirements or set a reasonable range of attributes to generate crowd scienceunits randomly. The control method is flexible and adaptable, which can deal with a variety of potential unsteady problems rather than a single problem.
The originality of this paper lies in the use of blockchain technology and IoT-based architecture design for IP protection. The platform can help users achieve the goal of defensive public access in a real-time, convenient and economical manner, and it can also provide authoritative, objective and convenient evidence preservation services.
Meta-analysis is a statistical method that integrates multiple research data. It can conduct a unified analysis of the existing conclusions and objectively evaluate the existing research data to draw more valuable conclusions. At present, meta-analysis has been used widely in medical field (Gavin et al., 2018; Lundh, 2018; 2018), social science field (Lundh et al, 2018), business field (Vamsi and Bose, 2018) and social network science (Gavane, 2013). And it is based on the notion that an agent's environment can change at any step of execution of the agent. And the resulting intelligence measurement is more general than the universal intelligence measurement and anytime universal intelligence test.
This research provides a new focus for the study of government response effectiveness. To a certain extent, it also expands the application of Hovland's persuasion theory. Moreover, the study provides a theoretical basis for netizens' online political deliberation behavior, the design of a government response mechanism, the construction of a political network environment and the expression of political expression.
This paper explores the correlation between bitcoin and the blockchain index. The blockchain index is composed of 50 of the most representative blockchain concept stocks, which not only reflects the overall appearance and operation of blockchain concept stock but also is used as the scale and standard for investors. Because of the close relationship between the blockchain and bitcoin, the authors expect that the price fluctuations in bitcoin affect the stock price of the blockchain Index to some extent and vice versa.
This study is the first to use the short version of TIPI-JIPI to evaluate crowd workers' personality with only 10 questions, and it is conducted after selecting crowd workers. It is also the first study to test whether the result shows a bias or not.
The authors have made several contributions to the state-of-the-art. First of all, a concrete design of a smart agent model is proposed, inspired by the smart contract concept in blockchain. The smart agent is autonomous and is able to disseminate, verify the information and execute the supported protocols. Based on the proposed agent model, a new smart agent architecture composed by these agents is formed, which is a blockchain network. Then, a fully decentralized, privacy-preserving and smart agent-based blockchain-FL framework (SABlockFL) has been proposed. Finally, a demonstration to train an artificial neural network is presented.
This paper is the first of its kind in the area of developing a fail-safe culture in a cyber environment using MySQL replication technique. This paper will be of great value to both academicians and practitioners in the field of information technology.
This paper provides a structured overview of existing literature on the economic impacts of the internet on firm development, and outlines an overall framework of their links. The paper aims to show how the internet affects firm development and may help policymakers and other researchers to have a better knowledge of existing research characteristics, problems and future direction.
This paper proposes a novel reflective memory-based architecture for crowd network simulations. Reflective memory is adopted as shared memory within given simulation execution, and the architecture based on this shared memory greatly improves communication efficiency and functionality. All federations can be perceived, which greatly enhances the scalability of simulations.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive set of guidelines toward effective mobile devices crowdtesting methodology, which can be used by developers to test their mobile apps on a larger number of mobile devices.
The crowd decision simulation system mainly focuses on social public decision-making, studies the corresponding relationship between different voting rule combinations and final results and discusses the quantitative relationship between group intelligence (final votes) and individual intelligence (everyone). It mainly includes member definition, member generation, monitoring and verification, as well as simulation framework construction, decision preference solving and other issues.
This paper introduces the research on the architecture, form, norms and nature of the service internet to better support the construction and development of the crowd system and the crowd science research system.
This paper presents the usage of the variational inference model for collaborative filtering recommendation. Compared with the traditional method, the fixed noise-adding method will reduce the robustness of the model. Meanwhile, the sampling of the probability distribution obtains different hidden vectors each time. Based on this tendency to obtain different output data, the occurrence of overfitting is reduced.
This paper is the first attempt to provide a comprehensive review of the existing literature on information diffusion over social networks. This paper provides a comprehensive overview of the current state of the art in the field of information diffusion, and it will be useful for researchers and practitioners to understand the evolution of the information diffusion process over social network.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, for the first time, RegBoost uses linear regression as a weak predictor, and combine with gradient boosting to build an ensemble algorithm. Through comparison experiments, it is found that our algorithm RegBoost can achieve similar performance to GBDT. However, the authors find that RegBoost divides the training data recursively during the sequential construction of the weak predictors, resulting in an exponential decrease in the data of the subsequent weak predictor. Therefore, the algorithm is currently not suitable for applications with too few data.
This study attempts to use two research methods and compare the differences between them from the perspective of methodology and hope to put forward a new method to combine theory-driven with data-driven to study crowd science, with the aim of improving efficiency of the transaction, making all parties involved in the transaction taking full advantage of the online information to meet their needs.
The study on the structure evolution of crowd network reveals the current development stage of network ecological structure, predicts the future development direction, and provides theoretical guidance for the government and enterprises to formulate development strategies. By controlling and guiding the dissemination of information in the crowd network, it can influence the behavior of each intelligent digital body, realize the controllability of the evolution process of events and reduce the possibility of negative events or destructive revolutions.
The proposed method is able to infer the correct answer for a range of tasks involving either single-step or multiple-step classifications when gold answers are not available. It also serves as a proxy to help task requesters to assess the quality of the crowdsourced results when they already have some gold answers, such as piloting specific multiple- step task design before putting it online for a larger scale.
This paper combines qualitative analysis of the factors affecting business entropy and quantitative expression of business entropy to discuss the relationship between professional categories of intelligent subjects in crowd intelligence network and the intelligence level of crowd network. By utilizing the model, three typical crowd intelligence networks are analyzed in detail.
This paper proposes a model based on the unstructured crowd transaction network. The model comprehensively considers factors that influence the transaction credit, including transaction evaluation, transaction time, transaction status, transaction amount and transaction times. The transaction status includes transaction failure times and transaction failure amount, which improves the accuracy of transaction credit evaluation. To effectively avoid malicious attacks such as collusion evaluation in the network, this paper divides the recommendation nodes (buyer or seller) into two categories and constructs the recommendation credibility for each type, improving the credibility and accuracy of recommendations.
This paper proposes an Adaptive Information Sharing Approach for Crowd Networks (AISCN approach) to explore the optimized information-sharing pattern for crowd networks. The approach adopts the idea of first local optimization and then overall optimization, and quantifies the effectiveness value of shared information IV(t) for a task t in the crowd network.
This paper proposes a method for measuring the influence of nodes based on the community structure and the probability of rumor influence between nodes and proposes a CoF-MIDR algorithm, which selects the blocked nodes and adopts a dynamic blocking strategy to minimize the influence scope of rumors. Extensive experiments are carried out on two real-world data sets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first work which proposed a data-mining based comprehensive analytic approach for GSS data set, which can provide the professions a unified and effective way to analyze the data set. The approach can provide comprehensive analysis with algorithms in different analytic categories, hence it can be used to perform variety kinds of analytic tasks.
The original method is no longer adapted to so many of the monitoring data sequence types. Different sensors produce a large number of isomerous monitoring data while the same sensors produce large numbers of isomorphic data. It is very difficult to detect abnormal data effectively and accurately in a large amount of data. This paper proposes an anomaly detection method to improve the intelligent level of smart articles based on multiple group correlation probability models.
Based on a comprehensive review and a classification of approaches employed in CQA systems, the main contributions are as follows: a proposal of a general descriptive framework, which categorizes extant studies into three broad areas of expert recommendation research: understanding profile modeling, recommendation approaches and recommendation system impacts. A comprehensive understanding of characteristics of entities (both users and content) of expert recommendations. More specifically, the authors categorize the profile of content into four types: textual features, non-textual features, thread features and topic statistics, while the profile profile of users is categorized as question answering (QA) features and non-QA features.
Rim chain is a new kind of interconnection architecture. It is constructed to achieve the rapid provision-demand matching based on the knowledge graph technique. In rim chain network, individuals that interact with others are called digital-self. Digital-self is the representation of individuals and can complete transactions simulation automatically. As individuals make transactions every day, the digital- selfs also can interact with each other in the digital world, to complete the transaction. The provision- demand matching is completed during the interactions among the different digital- Selfs. As a core of rim chains network, theDigital-self plays an important role on the evolution of the rim chain.
This paper summarizes and evaluates the key research issues in detail to provide important references and directions for future research in the knowledge payment field.
The originality of this paper can be summarized as follows: the authors propose the rules and methods of projection from real world to CrowdIntell Network to realize comprehensive, real, correct and synchronous projection in cyber-physical-psychological ternary fusion space; the authors establish a general model in terms of structure of structure and structure of Digital-selfs of individuals, enterprises, governmental agencies and smart articles; and the authors build a solid foundation for the theory of modeling, simulation, intelligent transactions, evolution and stability of crowd intelligence network system, which are the essential questions of Crowd Science and Engineering.
This study is one of the first attempts to examine the mechanism of network social mobilization by using the feeling of injustice as a mediating variable and the mediating role of anger and resentment. This study is also the first attempt to use Python language to obtain microblog data and conduct word segmentation and word matching operations on microblog contents.
This paper introduces a new epidemic model to model the correlated information diffusion in crowd intelligence networks. The proposed model can be used to analyze the information diffusion process in the crowd intelligence network, to understand the decision-making process of users, to analyze how they influence each other and the impact of such interactions on the entire network, and to design efficient and effective mechanisms to manage the information sharing and network evolvement of such crowd intelligence systems.
This paper makes a comprehensive summary of the shortcomings of traditional contracts and existing smart contracts, and proposes solutions to these shortcomings. Based on this, the needs of smart contracts are analyzed in combination with reality. This paper presents a smart contract model for computer understanding and execution. According to the nature and needs ofsmart contracts, smart contract models with more perfect structure is established.
In this paper the notion and general concept of CHI as a new complementary computing and automation concept is proposed. The main idea behind the Collective Hybrid intelligence is leveraging humans and machines' capabilities in a new manner to maximize the efficiency of human-machine cooperation and collaboration. The major building blocks of the presented framework are some well-experienced successful approaches, namely distributed computing, collective computing, human intelligence, human computing, hybrid intelligence and collective machine intelligence.
The innovation of the algorithm lies in: MMPR finds the candidate road segment by setting the priority of the factor, which is different from the existing weight algorithm, so that the importance of the two factors of speed direction and distance can be effectively measured. The innovative MMPR accurately calculates the angle between the speed and the road traffic direction.
The proposed model has a significant improvement in classification performance compared with the traditional LSTM model, which verifies the effectiveness of the proposed model. This model can effectively deal with the irregular time interval between the multi-period data and improve the predictive performance of the model.
Focusing on the modes and rules of intelligent transaction in crowd intelligence networks, this study also innovatively proposes the concept on the division of transactions, and further uses this concept to deconstruct the connotation of "crowd." The authors divide the mode of intelligent transactions into four categories, which are single-demand- single-supply mode (S-S), single- demand-multi-supplies mode (M-M), multi-Demand-Single-Supply mode(S-M) and multi- Demand-Multi-Supplies mode(M-S). Furthermore, this paper discusses the general and special transaction rules for different transaction modes and provides further illustrations in combination with representative examples.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first attempt to study the perspectives and challenges of crowdsourcing for search engines from a human-centered perspective.
This paper provides an excellent review and details of current verification and validation (VV&A) techniques and frameworks, which can be utilized to improve the credibility of large-scale simulations. Moreover, it also provides an overview of the origin and history of the development of these techniques and the features and characteristics of VV& A.
This paper contributes to the literature on gamification design by exploring the relationships between gamification and motivational needs in technology design from the perspective of motivational affordances theory. The findings of this study can help researchers and practitioners to understand the underlying mechanism of user behavior in technology interaction.
This is the first study to find out the causes of increasing an illegal E-taxi in Bangladesh municipalities. The findings of this study will help the transport authorities and policy makers to take appropriate measures to reduce the number of these illegal taxis in the local transport system.
The contribution of this paper is proposing a non-contact HR measurement framework which is suitable for home nursing assistant robots. The framework can be flexibly used in various real-life scenes like domestic health assistance and affectively intelligent agents and is proved to be robust under such scenes.
This paper compares the predictive accuracy of five algorithms on RST prediction. From the experimental results, it can be concluded that the generalization ability of the ensemble algorithm is stronger than that of the linear regression algorithm. At the same time, adjusting the parameters of integration strategy will have a great impact on prediction results and modeling time.
This paper proposes a novel crowdsourcing approach for mobile devices compatibility testing that is demonstrated as a web-based crowdtesting platform, named AskCrowd2Test. This platform is constructed using two novel methods: a new crowdsourcing method known as Hybrid Crowdsourcing that depend on the participation of unknown public crowd testers to use their real mobile devices with running various OS versions to achieve the compatibility testing process. In addition, a new crowdtesting workflow known as Developer/Tester- Crowdtesting (DT-CT) that mainly relies on the direct interaction between the developer and crowd testers and disposes with the services of crowd managers and crowd leaders as well as distributing their work to both developers and crowd tester in the testing process is built.
This paper makes an opinion mining research on user online reviews and primary research studies the features in the reviews and takes the implicit features into account, to achieve a more complete extraction of review features. This paper grabs user review data from the e-commerce platform, and carries out operations such as segmentation, and part-of-speech tagging on the captured data. Then extracts the feature words twice. An improved FCM algorithm based on SA to cluster the explicit comment sentences (SA-FCM). In addition, the authors mine association rules among explicit features, opinion words and categories.
In this paper, the authors summarized three papers to discuss how to use the graphical evolutionary game theory to analyze the static state and the dynamics of information diffusion in social network.
This study contributes to the literature by exploring the relationship between neural and behavioral markers of attention for elderly subjects. The authors also explored the time course of brain activity during executive function which has not been well addressed in the literature.
This paper is the first attempt to apply biclustering algorithm to extract rules from labeled data. The proposed method can be applied to a wide range of biological data sets, like microarray data, which are usually difficult to explain.
In this paper, the authors propose an intelligent measure approach for intelligent machines such as the agents in crowd network. The authors name the approach as QTC (quality-time-complexity) intelligent measure, as it can perform intelligent measurement by considering three factors: test complexity, rewards quality and timeliness. The intelligence of an intelligent agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent.
The study proposes spatio-temporal and geo-statistics mechanisms of data analysis for the real-time cleaning, filtering and mapping. Environmental data informatics is an emerging discipline which helps to clean environmental data. This study addresses the environmental informatics issues related to deterministic and stochastic approaches using PWSN.
This paper presents a novel data-driven approach to assess software engineering students' skills. Different from traditional interview/internship-based methods, the study is based on participants' ASD activity trajectory data collected unobtrusively during normal software development processes through the HASE APM platform. This type of data objectively reflects developers' ASD activities and performance at fine granularity.
Different from previous literature review, the authors focus on "participation", excluding many articles on the initial stage of e-government, and thus making the results more specific and explicable. In addition, CiteSpace is used to vividly and comprehensively demonstrate the development trend. The authors also find that e-participation has become the most frequently used concept in recent years compared with "e-government", " e-democracy" and other similar terms.
This paper provides a new path for the healthy development of the sharing economy and avoids its adverse effects. It also provides a theoretical basis for the government governance of the Sharing Economy.
The major contributions of this paper are as follows: the authors proposed the first comprehensive big data management and mining approach for Sociological datasets of disability population, and it is possible to apply this approach on other kinds of sociological datasets. In the data management phase of the approach, an anomaly detection scheme which combines data dimension reduction algorithm with density based anomaly detection algorithm is proposed. To help profession performing data-driven decision making, in the data mining phase, the authors used a set of data mining algorithms which can generate interpretable patterns.
COI is the process by which enterprises crowdsource and organize users to participate in open innovation tasks, to realize value co-creation between users' ideas and internal resources. Web 2.0 technology is a crucial tool in this process, which provides a communication platform for the exchange of information and effective value-co-creation activities between enterprises and users.
In this paper, the authors propose a universal intelligent measure approach: quality-time-complexity intelligence measure approach. The authors abstract three major factors for intelligence measure as quality, time and complexity of environment. Correlation of the three factors is estimated by conducting two experiments so that the intelligence measure mode can be designed accordingly. Based on the intelligent measure model, the intelligence of an agent is quantified through calculating the expected accumulative reward quality of the agent.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore crowdsourcing from a theoretical perspective. It provides a comprehensive overview of crowdsourcing in the Indian context. It also provides an insight into how crowdsourcing can be implemented in the real world.
This paper provides a systemic overview of KM from different perspectives including conception, stages, representation and design of KM system. It also provides a comprehensive review about the approaches for designing the KM system, which can be used by researchers and practitioners.
The methodology adopted in this study gave a reasonable information of crowd dynamics that can be adopted by any responsible crowd management authority that aims to accommodate a large number of visitors during the busiest seasons without causing any harm to the visitors. The data collected in this research study could be used for future research to simulate similar crowd scenes or different crowd management scenarios in case of emergencies such as fire hazards or evacuation.
This paper presents a literature review on collective intelligence in a crowd science perspective. It explores how to give full play to the intelligence agents and groups, dig their potential, to solve the problems that are difficult for a single agent.
The proposed framework adopts a two-level federation-based architecture, system level simulation and application level simulation, which separates simulation related environments into physical and logical aspect to enhance the flexibility of simulations. Simulation definition is introduced in this architecture to resolve the problem of outside agreements and share resources pool (constructed by reflective memory) is used to address the systemic emergence and scale problem. Comparing with existing simulation methods, the proposed framework enjoys several sound improvements: Simulation syntax and semantic are all settled under this framework by templates, especially interface templates. As simulations are separated by two- level federations, physical or logical simulation environment are considered separately.
The results of this paper can be used in other fields as well. The MAWA's recommendation result is more accurate than the traditional CF and the UNCF. The authors also conduct an experiment to verify the results of MAWA.
The authors put forward the concept of essential services quantity and come up with a new definition of transaction efficiency. On this basis, the authors set up a decision model of middlemen's transaction services specialized production. Meanwhile, the influence of services' total supply and demand in the market on the prices is considered, which makes the model more real. This research provides a theoretical basis for the evolution of e-commerce transaction system.
This paper provides a new standard to judge market power to better define the monopoly of the industry and provide theoretical guidance for antitrust practice. Compared to market share, the market markup is a more direct indicator of market power. It reflects the difference between firm price and marginal cost. If we can measure this indicator quantitatively, we can determine whether monopoly is forming.
The authors use the full range of information to design the MCIN-ASA participants, which greatly enhance the realism and credibility between enterprises, between enterprises and consumers and between consumers and commodities in cyberspace. The authors establish the personalized portal for enterprises and individuals to enhance the convenience during production process and the process of consumer spending. The point-to-point precision interconnection between enterprise and consumer personalized portals, intelligent transactions, process tracing and credible technology based on the block chain enhance the synergies operating quality between enterprises.
This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a novel approach to project the population distribution over fixed geographical regions by modeling the geo-homophily of OSNs. The proposed prediction models have a high prediction accuracy in character.
This paper is the first attempt to use blockchain technology to build a trusted LoRaWAN sharing server, which can be used as a proof-of-concept for other LPWAN technologies in the IoT market.
By considering user's context information, the proposed smart pillbox system is expected to produce more meaningful reminders that occur at opportune moments and on appropriate devices, which may improve medication adherence in comparison to pure time-based reminders.
This paper proposes a novel approach that contains a corpus filtering system and a robust co-reference identification system to extract temporal information from online medical data. The proposed method can be used to extract medical time-line information from patients' self-description in online health communities.
This paper introduces the ABM, simulates and analyzes the complex systems of WEF's allocation and flow in the city. By subdividing the urban system into different types of agents, household, firm and government, the authors discuss the relationship pattern and micro rules of various kinds of agents in WEF production and consumption and then establish the NetLogo simulation model of urban consumption. Based on the interaction between social environment and multi-intelligent system, this model forms the simulation ofWEF consumption distribution in theCity and simulates the interaction of various agents with the evolution of time, which facilitates research on the relationship between individual behavior at the micro and macro model.
This paper presents new models of clothing products and person (including customers and designers) based on MCIN models, integrated with new design patterns to reconstruct an improved supply-demand relationship in clothing industry. Furthermore, the authors develop a prototype of novel e-commerce platform based on the new model to prove the effectiveness of the CDCI modeling.
This study is the first attempt to combine supervised learning and reinforcement learning to learn from human task allocation strategies in crowdsourcing. The proposed approach is able to outperform both the human players and the artificial intelligence (AI) powered crowdsourcing task allocation approach in a large-scale real-world data set.
Based on the quantitative study model provided in this paper, the authors can moderate the relationships between aged parents and their adult children. This effort is meaningful in enhancing the quality of life and emotional well-being for senior citizens. This is the first attempt to propose a role conflict and ambivalence model in the parent-child relationship.
To comply with the trend of network society, this paper proposes a crowd-science industrial ecological system based on the holographic portal and its interaction, and takes the block-chain data storage as safeguard, which gathers the information involved in the business process. Each participant has his own holographic personalized portal, and the personalized portal consists of accurate ontology, reliable supply, intelligent demand and smart cyberspace. The personalized portal can realize the information acquisition, characteristic analysis and holographic presentation. Then, the intelligent interaction, e.g. demand decomposition, personalized search, personalized presentation and demand prediction, will be conducted within the personalized portals.
The research framework of crowd science and engineering is the first of its kind in the field of CSE. The research framework is based on the theory of crowd cyber eco-structure, intelligent transactions, crowd cyber system and crowd cyber evolution.
The main contributions of this paper are as follows: design a generic model for the basic and supply-demand information of the nodes based on cyber-anima; propose an ADI-based multi-agent architecture for the MCIN nodes to drive their spontaneous trading-styled interactions; and present a novel node addressing method based on six-degrees-of-separation blockchain for MCIN node addressing.
This paper presents preliminary experimental results on a large-scale experiment on a cyber-physical hybrid discussion support environment in a panel discussion session at an international conference.
The originality of this paper lies in the application of crowd wisdom theory to intelligent manufacturing. The paper introduces the crowd participation in detail and how it contributes to the development of intelligent manufacturing, and the paper tries to explicate the reason why Big Data is key to the intelligent manufacturing in the perspective of crowdisdom.
This paper proposes a new concept map which is called semantic concept map (SCM). The main difference with traditional concept maps is that the edge, i.e. relationship between keywords, is defined as semantic similarity. This concept map is useful to organize, design and manage the course resources for instructors.
This research uncovers the motivation mechanism of these game elements, enabling the authors to clarify the latent relationship between game elements and user behavior. The authors are also more likely to find out which game elements are more effective in crowdsourcing projects through a series of experimental groups. Finally, as task complexity as a moderator, the authors may be able to identify whether task complexity influences the application of game elements.
This paper is the first to propose a systematic approach for generating TMTs that are sufficiently different from each other to reduce practice effects when used in consecutive test administrations; and have a similar level of difficulty and thus diagnostic power to Reitan's TMT.
This study proposes a new concept which is designated the "job search journey". The proposed concept is inspired by the field of marketing and consumer behaviour, where the term "customer journey" or "buyer journey", is used to describe the various points of contact between companies and customers throughout the purchasing decision process. The primary use of a job search journey is to help organisations achieve a fit between job search and organisations' recruitment activities.
This research introduces a new feedback loop to the literature on sensemaking in wildland firefighting, one that has not previously been considered in the context of organizational sensemaking. It also introduces the concept of "trigger traps" to the sensemaking literature.
This study innovates by developing an integrated approach which includes two mediating mechanisms which are characterised by a precedent-consequent relationship. This study provides organisations with further details about the importance of organisational practices of competences development to retain the best employees.
This study contributes to furthering the HRM literature on the subject of recruitment effectiveness, by complementing it with marketing insights, especially with regards digital marketing.
To the authors' knowledge, this is the first study of frailty or geriatric conditions among PEH in the UK. A needs-based rather than age-based approach is essential for appropriate assessment of this population to reduce health inequities.
This study demonstrates the potential of the CPFQ as an alternative to more time-intensive neuropsychological testing for determining the degree of cognitive impairment present in a patient by demonstrating a correlation with BDI scores that matches the correlation between depression severity and degree of cognition.
Although there is increasing global interest (IsHak et al., 2013) in the burnout syndrome, no previous study assessed the extent of burnout among medical students at Jazan University. The present study identified several factors associated with burnout in JZan medical students. It is necessary to implement strategies to reduce the incidence of burn out among medical student for the sake of a better quality of life for future doctors.
This is the first study to estimate the prevalence of depression and its associated risk factors among patients on hemodialysis in Jazan area, Saudi Arabia.
This study is the first attempt to develop a prediction rule for the diagnosis of ASD in children from baseline characteristic profiles, risk factors, history and clinical observation.
The results do not support the theory that the origin of a donor organ has a major or significant influence on the psychological outcome of kidney-transplanted patients. They imply that concerns regarding psychological factors should not play a large role in decision-making regarding the type of transplantation in end-stage kidney disease.
- This case illustrates the necessity for providers to consider using other withdrawal protocol methods than CIWA-Ar when managing alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
To the authors' knowledge, there are no studies in the world that have evaluated the effects on psychological well-being of combining group psychotherapy and yoga exercises for mental health professionals and in this sense this would be the first study in theWorld. Therefore, the authors conducted a pilot study combining group Psychotherapy and Yoga exercises for Mental Health professionals.
This is the first study to examine the role of RNA genotyping in the development of personalized TMS for patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
This is the first known case report of the development of a PE associated with use of chlorpromazine in the treatment of an acute manic episode in a patient with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder.
This pilot study is the first to investigate the efficacy of nature-based mindfulness training with regard to the perception of work-related stress by people who have a high level of stress. The structured program presented herein combined mindfulness training and the health-promoting elements of outdoor experiences. Thus far, the combined effects of the elements of mindfulness and the experience of nature have not been systematically investigated.
This is one of the first studies to analyze depressive symptomatology among nursing students in the University of Palermo and to identify copious variables associated with this status, variables that have to be known to intervene and prevent the important consequences that can manifest in young people who are depressed.
This study contributes to the literature in three ways. First, to the best of the authors' knowledge, this research is the first in a developing county, like Iran, to explore the role of conservative accounting in mitigating uncertainty. The Iranian business environment is characterized by uncertainty, which could be considered as a factor driving the use of conservative methods in preparing financial statements to provide users of financial statements with a safety margin. Second, the results of this study can show whether conservative accounting is practically used irrespective of these negative aspects, which can conclude that its benefits outweigh its drawbacks.
The present research contributes to the literature in several ways. For example, the current study expands the comprehension of the relationship between board structure and IC of IBs in OIC countries, specifically from the Middle East, South Asia and Southeast Asia regions. Second, most prior CG studies empirically tested the influence of CG and IC predominantly by developed countries such as the USA and the United Kingdom. Thus, our finding extended the understanding of IC for value creation in the IB industry. Third, we introduced relational capital (RC) into a research model, aspects that have been neglected by most previous IC studies. Fourth, this study applied the 2SYS-GMM estimation technique to account for the unobserved heteroscedasticity and endogeneity in the panel data. Finally, the analysis undertaken in this study raises the present comprehension on the effect of CG mechanisms to an alternate IC concerning IBs.
This is the first study that investigates the factors influencing CSR disclosures in the Nepalese banking sector. The findings of this study will be useful for both academics and practitioners to understand the factors that influence CSR disclosure in the banking sector in developing countries.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no study has yet explored the determinants of FLI disclosure in the context of Bangladesh. This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to improve the quality of their corporate disclosures.
To the best of our knowledge, no further research has been done on banks in Bangladesh to analyze the relationship between management ownership and bank value. This paper, thus, contributes in various ways. Firstly, the main contribution of this research to the existing literature is that our research provides the first evidence from Bangladesh that analyzes the effect of managerial ownership on bank value of banks, especially conventional and Islamic banks.
This study is the first of its kind to analyse the relationship between accounting and finance through measuring the effect of rational working capital management on profitability and discussing the financial managers' responsibility.
As a novelty in this research, the indicator for measuring the future prospect is to modify the H model, it called as future market value. Based on the testing that has been done, the formulation of conclusions in detail can be presented, as follows:Earnings quality through innate accruals quality has a positive effect on future market values based on equity and earnings.
This is the first study to examine the impact of corporate governance and ownership structure on corporate performance in the Malaysian business environment in a crisis-free environment and following the third version of the MCCG.
This paper provides a unique investigation of the influence of the audit committee's independence and competence on the investment decision in one of the emerging markets. Therefore, it is expected that this study will fill the gap of the literature regarding the impact of AC independence and competency on investment decisions in a developing country.
This study is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between auditor integrity and organizational commitment to fraud prevention in the context of BPKP in Indonesia.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the behavioral dimensions of NPLs in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and regulators to formulate appropriate policies to reduce the incidence of non-performing loans in the banking sector.
The findings of this study will stimulate stock traders to create continuous pressure on the reporting organizations as well as regulatory bodies on the regulatory bodies to formulate favorable policies to enhance the quality of financial reporting.
The results of this study empirically proves that earnings persistence and earnings power significantly influence equity valuation. By implication, it may assist investors in estimating future earnings so that it becomes useful for investors as an instrument in making decisions to avoid security mispricing.
The findings of this study would be of use for management to assess their existing working environment and amend or change it to encourage whistleblowing practices. Authorities can use the insights from this study to construct laws and regulations necessary to guarantee the safety of the whistleblowers and the dependents of whistleblowers. The reminder of this paper is that this study is structured as follows: the second section reviews the extant literature. The third section describes the conceptual framework and methodology adopted in this study. The fourth section elaborates the data analysis and elaborates on the findings of the study. Finally, the fifth section provides a discussion on the implications of the findings.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between sustainability disclosure and earnings informativeness in Sri Lanka. This study is also the first of its kind in Sri Lankan context.
This study is an extension of the study of Dang et al. (2017), which finds a significant effect of mandatory IFRS adoption on value relevance quality of financial reporting in the Nigerian deposit money banks. This study uses similar data to test the effect of IFRS implementation on credit relevance in Nigeria. This is the first study in Nigeria to consider credit relevance as a measurement for financial reporting quality.
This study has made two major contributions to the existing audit firm literature: one is to extend the organization studies on ethical climate in audit firms by testing the impacts of the audit firm's organizational ethical climate on workplace bullying perceived by the new entrants to the auditing profession; the other is to include gender roles in organization studies by stratifying the levels of workplace harassment.
This study is an effort toward improving the number of studies on this area of study. It is also hoped that this study provides a greater understanding on effective internal Shariah auditing in Islamic banks, in which demand a distinct set of workforce.
This study contributes to the knowledge because the subject only receives little attention in management accounting literature. Furthermore, the results indicate a significant progress to consider the use and the benefit of CMAPs in Libya.
This study is unique as it perhaps is the first to examine the impact of an innovative teaching pedagogy in teaching accounting course(s) on the satisfaction of the participants of an Indian business school.
This research is different from prior research, as this study considers the effects of earnings announcements during trading hours, as well as after trading hours. Further, the relative effects of announcements during and after the trading hours in the contexts of both good and bad news have still not been investigated in the Indian context. This paper fills this gap.
This study is one of the first of its kind in the context of developing countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the government and banking management to improve the level of non-performing loans in the banking sector.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that attempts to capture differences in conservatism following earnings restatements in an emerging market like the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE).
This paper is one of the first studies to investigate the influence of audit committee's and company's characteristics on ICD in Indonesia.
This study is an attempt to use machine learning algorithms to detect anomalies in financial statements in Vietnamese listed firms. It is not enough just to look at the original state of such financial reports. Much research has proved efficiency by analyzing financial ratios calculated from the values in companies' reports. Therefore, the authors approached the problem by using financial ratios as a series of variables, also known as features.
The findings of this study would help management accounting professionals to understand future skill requirements of the profession, and management accounting educators can extend and include the skills into the education programs. Furthermore, academic and professional institutions, which provide management accounting education and training programs, can identify future trends and necessary skills in Sri Lanka.
This study proves that the performance of a company can be analysed using just a few factors or by focusing on fewer ratios, which is cost effective with lesser time as well as obtaining more precise results that have least duplication of calculations. Using principal component analysis (PCA), the study reduced the number of variables for any further regression analysis from 17 variables to 3 variables. Likewise, thenumber of ratios that are important have also been reduced with only significant ratios for each principal component now being used to analyse the performance.
The study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of intellectual capital and its components on the asset diversity and income diversification of banks in Ghana.
This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate how the extensive use of financing logic has changed IMFIs from focusing on both development and financial objectives to only considering sustainability as their primary mission to only focusing on poverty alleviation.
EBL can be used as an alternative learning method in partnership accounting topics to maximize competencies achieved by the students. It can be a substantial addition to the behavioral accounting of accounting students. Through EBL, the students do not only get cognitive competencies, but also entrepreneurial competencies.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of CG on the COE in the cement sector of Pakistan. The findings of this study will help cement sector firms to have a better understanding of the quality of CG mechanism.
This research is significant owing to two factors: first, the issue regarding the existence of sharia banks is currently becoming highlight of the literature of sh Sharia banks and, second, some previous research studies are negligent to analyze the marketability. The indirect impact of profit-loss sharing on the relationship between marketability and profitability is interesting to be tested and analyzed so that this research provides some contributions. First, this research deals with the concept of marketability built through the framework of market power theory. Second, this study provides universal contribution given to the body of literature on sharia finance regarding stewardship theory.
To the best of the researcher's knowledge, there is no comprehensive prior study conducted in Nigeria in the context of examining risk management attributes relationship with CER in the three environmentally sensitive industries (Industrial goods, natural resources and Oil & gas). Therefore, there are limited studies conducted in this area in Nigeria.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the moderating effect of stock return and financial performance on the influence of GCG on corporate value. This study contributes to the existing literature on GCG and corporate value by providing evidence that stock return is a moderator variable in the relationship between GCG, corporate value and stock price.
This study is the first to examine the impact of short-maturity debt and institutional ownership on different kinds of accounting conservatism (i.e. conditional and unconditional conservatism) in the context of Iranian listed companies.
This study makes important contributions by exploring the role of independent directors' diligence in restraining earnings management practices, particularly in an emerging economy like India which has been positioned by the Central Statistics Organisation and the International Monetary Fund as the fastest growing major economy in the world. This study helps the investors in rational decision making by evaluating the reliability and usefulness of the financial information reported by firms.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between the use of financial derivatives and tax avoidance activities in the ASEAN region. This study also includes country's tax environment factor when examining the impact of country tax environment on the relationship. This factor is not included in previous studies conducted by Donohoe (2011a, b, 2012, 2015), Oktavia and Martani (2013) and Zeng (2014).
The contribution of this study is manifold. First, to the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that incorporates investment efficiency with R&D and FCF and explores its effect on the value relevance of accounting information. Second, this study explores the market response to R&d andFCF among different life cycle stages and during the product market competition. Finally, this paper also tries to resolve the query if the marketresponse to R-C and R-F is different in a competitive market as compared to a concentrated market.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of financial statements disclosure on Indonesian local government websites. This study is also one of the first studies to test and analyze the influence of audit opinions, audit findings, audit follow-up and the level of education on the disclosure of local governments' financial statements.
This study is the first study that examines the effect of company characteristics and auditor characteristics to audit report lag. The results of this study can be used to improve the efficiency of the audit assignment.
This study is one of the first studies to examine the effects of audit client tenure, audit lag, opinion shopping, liquidity ratio, and leverage to the going concern audit opinion in the relationship between auditor and client.
The results of this research are expected to be taken as one of the considerations for the management of the company prior to switching the public accounting firm, and this can also be used to maintain the independency and objectivity of the auditor.
The study provides evidence on the joint association between macroeconomic factors, firm characteristics and financial performance of manufacturing firms in Nigeria. This is the first of its kind in the Nigerian context.
This research uses a descriptive case study method to try to simulate and provide an environmental cost report separately from the existing one. The environmental cost analysis and reporting to measure environmental performance in realizing eco-efficiency at PT Industri Kereta Api (Persero) Madiun.
This study is a follow-up study of the study conducted by Ariyanto and Sukirno (2016). Previous research was conducted to analyze factors affecting career selection considering the influence of framing and groupthink factors, while this study uses the students of the accounting program of Airlangga University. This study uses decision-making theory.
This is the first study on the linkages between changes of non-taxable income, PPh, PPN and PPnBM on DJP East Java II, which is based on the original terminology of taxation.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between tax audit and tax productivity in Lagos state, Nigeria. It is also the first study to investigate the impact of tax audit on tax productivity.
This study is one of the first of its kind in Pakistan to study the impact of external and internal factors on management accounting practices. The results of this study will be useful for the researchers and practitioners of management accounting.
This study is one of the first studies that examines the effect of ERM on firm value in manufacturing companies listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX) in Indonesia.
This study is the first of its kind for the Indian banking sector, which divides whole banking data into three categories, i.e. private bank, public bank and combined (private and public). The authors have tried to discover the factors of profitability for private and public sector banks and would like to elaborate which factors are affecting profit margin (PM), interest income, deposits and certain expenses.
- This paper adds to the literature by reporting a perspective from a developing nation. This paper would attempt in providing evidence on whether INEDs of Malaysian public listed companies also perform other roles besides the controlling function which is often associated with them. In addition, it would provide further support toward the theoretical integration of roles of NEDs as expounded by Johnson et al.
The present paper provides some evidence concerning the factors that contribute to the changes of audit fees for compensating additional risk and auditor attempt based on agency problems for cash holdings. Companies with high cash holdings and growth prospects invest internally, which cause the capital market to be less interested in investigation on such companies.
This research develops Setiawan's (2015) research. The authors are interested in re-examining the effect of GCG and CSR on financial performance by incorporating earnings management as a mediation variable.
This study contributes to empirical evidence of the independence, professionalism and skepticism of audit quality. The population in this study is all auditors working in KAP 45 Surabaya and KAP 1 Sidoarjo. The results of this study indicate that the independence of auditors correlates positively but not significantly to the quality of audit generated. The independence of the auditor does not guarantee whether it will result in a quality audit.
This research uses two main theories, cost and green building. This research will provide benefits for PT. Prodia Widyahusada, the writer and readers in general.
The study provides empirical evidence on the relationship between earnings quality and board leadership (i.e. board size, board composition and board independence and population of non-executive directors) for manufacturing companies in Nigeria.
Based on the attribution theory, this research attempts to make an assessment of what factors may affect the compliance of the individual taxpayer (TP) non-employee. This assessment will examine both the external factors such as income, and also internal factors, namely, the perception of TP on tax sanctions, law enforcement, fair tax treatment, perceptions of the use of tax money in transparency and accountability and also the database.
This study is one of the first studies on the transparency of local government in Indonesia. This study is also the first study to investigate the transparency content of the local government websites in Indonesia, and it is the first to examine the information on transparency content on the websites of local governments in Indonesia in the context of financial management.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of open access to academic research on small, science-based companies in the pharmaceutical industry. It is also the first study to investigate the role of the size of the firm in the relationship between open access and innovation.
This manuscript proposes a readiness framework for a transformation from a second-generation university to an entrepreneurial organization based on influential factors and the consequences of entrepreneurial activities on local economic development. A total of six factors and indicators are identified and modeled based on the tutorial entrepreneurship literature.
This is the first paper of its kind to offer a concise overview and practical examples of industry-higher education collaborations. This manuscript offers an ideal starting point for industry-university collaboration and can be applied to any cross-disciplinary configuration.
Based on the critical function of business incubation to knowledge creation, this study explores and adds to the evolution of learning practices in Chinese incubators and delves into how "learning huddles" influence incubatees' absorptive capacity (ability to add value, assimilate and apply new knowledge) to improve their chance of sustainable growth.
The study endeavoured to investigate the packaging strategies impact on the acquiring consumer behaviour and attempt to comprehend its influence in the purchase decision-making. Respondents as initiators, information seekers, influences, decides, buyers and actual users play a greater role in modern packaging is not viewed as just a box/container or outer covering, but packaging has various tasks to play. Customer perception and intention get changed day by day, and hence, marketers should take immediate initiation to provide easy-to-use products/user-friendly, recyclable, conservative and innovative product packaging options.
This study is based on the perspective of social network theory, combining relevant policy documents, media reports and other second-hand materials of crowd innovation space to design an interview outline. The researchers obtained first-hand information through face-to-face interviews with the founders or principals of the crowd innovation spaces, then, sorted out the text of the recordings and selected effective sentences centering on the connection between the crowd Innovation Space and other elements of the ecosystem. It is of theoretical and practical significance to explore the internal operation mechanism of crowd innovations space ecosystem by means of grounded theory and three-level coding.
This study is the first attempt to develop a comprehensive framework to help traditional universities move toward third-generation universities. The proposed framework answers two important questions including the following: How to set the strategic goals and priorities? How to define a portfolio of projects and programs to reach strategic goal?
The majority of researches on crowdsourcing are aimed at crowdsourcing contests, in which customers post ideas to compete to win an award. However, only a few studies are conducted on this type of crowdsourcing initiatives. The authors modify an existing structural model to study customers' dynamic learning process using the actual data on MyStarbucksIdea.com, which is a permanent and open idea solicitation.
Based on the previous research, this study explores the evolution process of the evolution of the science and technology innovation policies and the characteristics of the policy system. This study provides a more comprehensive understanding of the changing trends and hotspots of international research and provides a reference basis for future research.
This study focuses on site visiting and interviewing, identifying enterprises' demands and establishing an innovative talent cultivation model. This study is the first of its kind in Taiwan. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other industries to improve their talent cultivation programs.
Theoretically, the study adds a value to both TM and KM literature through designing a conceptual model that links both of these variables in Australian higher education. This research designed a quantitative instrument of TMPs and KC for the Australian educational institutions. The instrument is severely designed and comprehensively conceptualised utilising social, excellent, performance, strategic, behavioural and developmental concepts with innovative, informational and technological concepts underlining KC within Australian public and private universities in Queensland.
This study is one of the first to examine the structural characteristics of inter-organizational collaborative network in the automobile industry of China and their influence on the NPD performance of the firm from three aspects of direct ties, indirect ties and structural holes.
This study is one of the first attempts to explore factors contributing to the low collaboration between the private sector and Saudi universities from the researcher's perspective. It is also the first attempt to examine the relationship between GFP and PFP in Saudi Arabia.
This study is one of the first to examine the influence of individual and institutional level factors on the choice of KD outlets for management research at the individual level.
This study contributes to entrepreneurship research by providing a synthesis of the emerging concept of EEs as a dynamic and holistic approach to the study of entrepreneurship. Furthermore, it provides clarification and distinction from other related concepts (e.g. clusters, regional innovation systems and national systems of entrepreneurship), adding to the efforts towards its conceptualisation; and by providing avenues identified for further research. The conceptual framework provides a holistic and dynamic perspective reflecting value creation, entrepreneurial activity and relational interactions within institutional environments.
This is the first study to use game theory to measure the synergy within the Triple Helix of university-industry-government relationships in West Africa.
This paper is the first attempt to systematically review the process of internationalization evolution of Chinese research institutions in the 40 years of reform and opening-up, providing theoretical support for Chinese enterprises to continue to deepen the internationalization process, enhance the effectiveness of internationalisation and provide some references for the government to further optimize the institutional environment.
The authors believe that this system holds promise for expansion into other cancerous and normal cell lines of other diseases cases as may be reflected in upcoming work. More importantly, it can potentially help lower barriers for care in less equipped labs.
The research offers a value added to talent management theory. It also provides an inclusive review of future studies in choosing the best practices related to talent development. This will assist researchers in the field of human resources management to provide a deeper understanding of talent development and develop a theoretical foundation for their further studies.
This paper is the first to show that the aggregate production function does not have a sound theoretical basis and therefore is deceiving. Therefore, it is necessary to use micro production functions in macroeconomic analysis.
This study contributes to the international business (IB) literature by showing how the institutional and economic contexts are asymmetrical across regions within the same country, affecting innovativeness, to then point out conceptually driven propositions of how these asymmetries can affect subsidiary location choice.
The study of the career of young people of the millennium generation in their association with technological innovations through career anchors has not been conducted before. The results presented in this paper contribute to a recent debate, which emphasizes the impact of new technologies on the nature of work and employment levels but takes little account of the consequences of technological changes on individual perceptions of the future of work.
The methodological construction is an advance achieved by this study, which analyzes the intensity of innovation in the Brazilian food sector and compares it with other manufacturing sectors in the country.
The present study makes a novel contribution by studying the influence of IOC and IWB on project success (PS). Additionally, moderating effect of gender and work culture on the relation between innovative climate and behavior is tested in the study. Most existing literature pertaining to innovation was found to be conducted in developed countries such as USA, Canada, England, England (Edwards, Delbridge, & Munday, 2005), The Netherlands (de Jong & Vermeulen, 2006), Turkey (Ar & Baki, 2011) and New Zealand (Clark, 2010).
This is one of the first studies investigating the triple helix model in the state of Minas Gerais, contributing to literature on the subject. Besides, the authors aim at demonstrating herein, through a case study, some applications of recent and still little-explored concepts by the literature on triple helIX.
The theoretical contribution of this study is by adding more TMT demographic in UET, which may explain organizational outcome. The inclusion of GM is also an attempt to explore direct measures of top management characteristics instead of using demographic as proxies. Moreover, these two additional characteristics may deem importance specifically in international business setting which might be ignored in existing UET model.
This study provides an integrative perspective of KM challenges and human issues on employees' satisfaction and well-being in KM implementation in various organisational sectors in Malaysia. This study has proposed 14 concepts and two themes (process and infrastructure issues and cultural issues).
This study contributes to the literature on social media interaction in the context of media sports, as it is one of the first studies to investigate the consumption attachment of fans of the National Football League on Twitter.
This paper is the first to describe the DT and XP activities adopted by the students, how they introduced them, what results in they reached, and the lessons learned. This report may be relevant to instructors to plan similar TIWs in MBA courses.
This paper presents a novel approach to the creation of a searchable 3D smart city model that is searchable, high performing and unique in its ability to interconnect with the city's systems to analyze data in real-time to extract relevant information for use in decision making.
This work contributes to promoting advances in practice and academic discussions regarding the importance of innovation and its components for the development and competitiveness of the countries.
The results obtained are compatible with the authors' proposal of offering to DMs a complete ranking of alternatives for contributing with the decision-making process improvement in terms of choices related to technological investments alternatives. This paper presents quantitative observations based on which upper-middle income country DMs can invest considering strong and weak innovation indicators according to their perspectives supported by the qualitative observation obtained from GII 2016.
This is the first bibliometric study on the subject FinTechs. It is intended to contribute to filling a gap currently existing: the search and identification of theories of administration currently used to study this theme. This gap allows considering the subject as lacking in surveys.
This is the first study to analyze the open innovation model in the semiconductor industry in Brazil. The results of this study can be used as a basis for the development of a model of open innovation in other industries, such as the automotive industry.
Few empirical studies were found including SIs, which represents a paradox, considering the importance of KIBS as innovation drivers in the construction industry, capable of distinguishing between innovation creation and adoption and able to clarify the state of innovation within their industry. This study contributes to the literature by analyzing the influence of OL and SI on the organizational performance of Brazilian architectural firms, such as Brazilian architectural companies, which have not been studied before.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it contributes to the discussion of the OSH model as an alternative and viable business model for entrepreneurship and also as a sustainable development policy in the country, in which the Brazilian academic environment plays a leading role in the process.
The originality of the present study stems from the comparison of four sets of content analyses and from the integration of the views from different professionals in diverse contexts. Moreover, this study addresses the professionals' perception of how they may achieve an adjustment between system and management models. This is crucial for organisations to attain competitive advantage from HRIS implementation.
The findings of this research constitute an important step in building knowledge about innovation process in justice organizations, an environment characterized by stability. Considering the social importance of the justice system and the lack of research in this domain, this paper reduces the theoretical gap and, at the same time, generates insights into improving the administration of justice.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of innovation and strategic planning on enhancing organizational performance of Dubai Police. The findings of this study can be used to improve the performance of police agencies in the UAE and other countries.
This study provides a comprehensive description of public service innovation in Indonesia's context as one of the examples of specific non-western public administration system. This study also offers an alternative perspective on this issue.
This investigation contributes to the advancement of knowledge through the presentation, consolidation and analysis of the theoretical discussion about effectuation that indicates the need for new reflections and academic debates around the concepts. Additionally, it offers some provocation so that studies can go beyond mere empirical replication and additional theoretical efforts.
The contribution of this paper is threefold. First, it adds additional evidence to the existing literature on the importance of KIBS as a source of innovation for their customers, confirming the findings of previous studies (Doloreux & Shearmur, 2013; Freire, 2005; Hu et al., 2013; Teixeira & Santos, 2016) with data from the Brazilian economy. The research outcomes also reveal that the type of KiBS hired matters to stimulate the innovation outcomes of customer firms. Finally, the pattern of use in Brazil differs from the ones identified in other economies, like Portugal and Canada, suggesting that the country effect needs to be further investigated.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the determinants of customer loyalty in the Indonesian ride-sharing services by comparing offline and online motorcycle taxi services. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other countries that are in the process of developing their own motorcycle transportation services.
This paper provides an integrated framework based on the synergies between LUs and innovation success. Moreover, the authors adopted "knowledge sharing (KS)" as a mediating variable that affects the relationship between the "LUs" and "innovation success" variables.
This work contributes to the discussion of the alternatives for the management of regional airports in Brazil and, in particular, the case study of the Zona da Mata Regional Airport, which is one of the most important regional airports of the country.
This study contributes to the literature by identifying the remunerations that contribute most to the innovative performance of Brazilian public higher educational institutions. It also contributes to a better understanding of U-C interactions between universities and companies.
Crowdsourcing is a production model that uses collective intelligence, collaborative culture, and the formation of communities to solve problems, create content, and seek innovation. Its existence depends directly on the involvement and participation of people, supporting the existence of a new type of user, the producer: the one who wishes to participate in the stages of production as well as merely consuming. In the same way, using bloggers to evaluate products today is a basic form of research and development, networking, and communication with consumers, who become co-creators of products and services.
This work was motivated by the lack of studies in studies in the areas of health-care companies in Brazil - in which there are knowledge-intensive services -, as well as the absence of studies regarding the use of tools to manage the contact channels and the quality of the service provided. The choice of the HealthCRM workflow enabled a better management of the relationship channel with the beneficiaries of the health care company.
This research has demonstrated the applicability of the Four Capital Method of Sustainable Development Evaluation to assess sustainability of Living Labs in Kenya in terms of addressing user needs, objectives of the Living Labs, inputs and resources required by the labs and lab operations. Considering the emphasis placed on innovation by all government policy documents in Kenya (Vision 2030 planning blueprint, ICT master plan, and ICT policy) the sustainability has the potential to address Kenya's and Africa's socioeconomic and developmental needs.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the impact of technology-forcing regulations on the product development process in the supply chain of heavyweight vehicles in Brazil. The paper also provides a theoretical framework for application of ecodesign practices in the automotive industry.
The study contributes to the identification of the degree of innovation of these firms, which comprise a representative and strategic segment of the city's economy, by checking to what extent an innovative attitude is effectively present in this sector. The theoretical contribution of this study regards the appropriateness of mechanisms or methodologies created to measure the level of innovation in large organizations. Dimensions such as technological platform, brand, innovative ambience, degree of organization or systematization of processes, which are frequently considered for companies in general, and especially for large ones, are not sufficient or too sophisticated to enable an effective measurement of innovation.
By examining each of the contracted projects, the research offers an additional contribution compared to studies that focused their analyses at the programs' level. Next, the authors sought to identify how players of the innovation ecosystem of the state of Santa Catarina have used these programs, who have used the access of knowledge-intensive MSMEs to innovation financing, especially regarding the required guarantees.
The contribution of the article to the debate on innovation is how the emergence of are directly associated with the investments of the federal government in agencies directly linked to the development of technologies, especially the BSA.
There is a large amount of material on technology use; most studies focus on managerial use in organizations, but none of them analyzes the consumer or his/her behavior when making use of collaborative technology. What is now being proposed is to gather more detailed information and research in terms of the environment and existing platforms, as current research and reports generally address experiences, individual predisposition when using the organizational platforms and future growth perspectives for posterity in this market.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing a deeper understanding of the determinants of student entrepreneurship in higher education institutions in Brazil. In addition, it provides insights for policies targeted at increasing entrepreneurship levels within academic contexts.
This study augments the field of management science by studying business process reengineering performance of MFIs using a theory of change from complexity science phenomenon. This study has provided theoretical explanation of business processReengineering performance in developing economies.
This study contributes to the literature of leadership in the context of startups operating in developing countries by comparing the influence of transformational leadership (Carless, Wearing, & Mann, 2000) and instrumental leadership (Antonakis & House, 2004) on individual employee and financial performance.
This is one of the few studies from developing countries that investigate the consequences of private funding for the universities' traditional mission. This is the contribution in this article.
The paper provides an overview of the main IP objects registered in the national Industrial Property of Brazil (INPI) from 2013 to 2017 in the areas of patents, trademarks, industrial design, computer program, circuit topography, technology contracts and geographical indication.
The study advances the theoretical knowledge about the organizational structure of an internationalized R&D company and the relationships of this organizational structure with the management and R & D management system. It enables the description of aspects related to R& D management, as well as governance aspects. It contributes by characterizing the structural framework and established relationships for R &D management, which relates to innovations generation. Above all, it describes mechanisms for aligning demands and executing projects in a public, internationalized public research company.
The results achieved in this paper show a mismatch between EST development by STIs in Brazil, and the transfer of these technologies to companies, to be used in new products or processes. These results are much necessary, mainly regarding green technologies or ESTs.
This paper contributes to the body of knowledge on the topic of BMI by investigating the BMI practices adopted by the companies, the difficulties faced to innovate and the organizational learning acquired with this innovation process. The paper also contributes to improve the understanding of the results and the performance of BMI.
The findings of this study can offer an understanding of the social network dynamics established inside technology-based companies, associating these dynamics with innovation-oriented knowledge sharing. This paper also intends to offer a perspective of social network distribution in terms of centrality and frequency of interactions to better understand the incubation environment.
This research contributes for the academic debate, as it takes into account the dimensions of social innovation by analysing closely an intrinsic case (STAKE, 1998). The relevance of such case is justified by the representativity it has in its region. Moreover, the identification effort enabled a dense, contextual and dimensional analysis of this social innovation.
The results of the bibliometric review will increase the level of knowledge about the subject and will subsidize the proposition of a research agenda to promote advances in theoretical and practical knowledge when it comes to innovation in the public sector. Few studies have covered public administration and, especially, innovation reviews.
This article contributes, through a review, to the mapping of the literature on disruptive business models, thus deepening the theoretical literature on this topic and reducing the lack in this literature. Thus, the research agenda of this article contributes to clarifying the disruptive business model gap and revealing some opportunities for future researches.
This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence on the relationship between creative corporate culture and intangibility and its effect on the performance of foreign firms traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
The originality of this work lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to show that a "messy dissensus" creates institutional obstacles to the full effectiveness of consensual innovation policies in the Brazilian case.
This paper's objective represents only a small, modest step in the direction of a better understanding of process philosophy's potential contributions to innovation process research within organization studies. At the same time, the authors hope to contribute to showing potential relations between analytical constructs inspired by the process philosophy perspective and the empirical phenomenon of the innovation process.
The paper contributes to the development of the topic of academic entrepreneurship in the country, both from the conceptual and empirical points of view, based on the presentation and discussion of data on the entrepreneurial activity of a sample of former scholarship holders of undergraduate, master and PhD research.
This paper presents an analysis of the global scenario of these patents with the evolution of filings over the last 20 years, the main inventors and the kinds of actors - companies, universities and research institutes. It also shows the profile of the partnerships between institutions and highlights the main patent holders with technological capability to generate inventions that adopt the collaborative R&D business model.
This study contributes to the body of knowledge on consumer behavior toward wearable technologies by identifying the factors that influence the adoption of these devices by consumers. The results of this study will allow practitioners to predict which devices will be adopted in the coming years by certain user groups and which ones will not be.
This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of technological capabilities in the relationship between strategic supply chain management, technological innovation capabilities and competitive advantage in a technology hub.
This study makes pioneering use of the KEYS research instrument (Amabile et al., 1996), which is designed to explore peoples' perceptions of their work environment based on environmental factors related to creativity. The scarcity of studies on how work environment factors influence creative performance in Brazilian companies gives rise to the following research question: Which work environment elements are perceived by individuals as stimulants or inhibitors of creativity?
Based on the theoretical review and the exploratory field interviews about the conditions that favor innovation in technology parks, the innovations either introduced or developed by the park-based companies and their respective performances, it was possible to design a framework, and it was verified. The field research, through in-depth interviews with Tecnopuc managers (PM) and the CM, generally reinforced and complemented the findings of the empirical studies in the bibliographic review, which supports the propositions of the model that was designed and presented above.
The originality of this study lies in the fact that it contributes to the understanding of the influence of the attributes of IoT products on the functional and emotional experiences of purchase intention, and consequently on the intention to buy.
This paper presents a method to support the continuity of the roadmapping process in organizations, developed through action research in an innovative company. It supplements traditional processes focused on the introduction of road mapping by adding a new roadm mapping phase that integrates a set of practices to integrate the roadmap with the regular and operational tasks usually performed in the enterprise. This method also considers competitive intelligence and agile project management techniques to update and coordinate people's involvement. Thus, it allows for continuous improvement of roadmappers' results, interconnected with the decisions regarding innovation made in the strategic planning process, leading to a new level of organizational commitment toward roadmapper performance.
This study contributes to the literature on innovation, firm performance and innovation in the foodservice industry. It is the first attempt to analyze the relationship between innovation and firm performance in the context of MSEs in the Brazilian foodservice sector.
The study contributes to the understanding of innovation in judicial organizations, which is a research field that has been understudied, especially in terms of a specific sector of public administration such as the judiciary. Also, the study seeks to fill a gap in the research field given that there have been relatively few studies on innovation in the public sector in general and in the judiciary in particular.
The paper contributes to advance knowledge on the innovation processes during incubation and post-incubation periods. Through the identification, analysis and systematization of the relevant variables of this process, the authors intend to collaborate for a better understanding of innovation in incubated and graduate small companies, taking into account the complex and dynamic environment in which they operate.
This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a conceptual relation between technological intensity and innovation capability, which has not been suggested in the literature to date.
The relevance of this research is supported by the contribution to the deepening of knowledge about the relationship between organizational actions promoted by top management and knowledge sharing, supporting decision-making in the organizational environment regarding contextual factors that influence the social interaction between individuals.
This paper is the first to analyze the literature on organizational innovation from a bibliometric approach by using quantitative analysis, which, in its broader and more objective way, complements the qualitative studies.
This paper contributes to the literature on TT and the Schumpeterian trilogy by providing a theoretical framework for the university-industry interaction and by showing the importance of combining theory with practice, achieved through collaborative research, the possibility of generating new technologies and the regional impact these technologies may achieve.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a new perspective on the topic of engineering and development in Brazil, taking into account the technological interrelations between the various fields analyzed in this article.
This study contributes to the understanding of the factors influencing the contribution of the participants in crowdsourcing, and to the popularization of this practice among companies, which will be safer, as they will get to know the dynamics of participation of contributors. That said, no study, as far as the authors know, has been undertaken to understand what motivations are more relevant in the context of crowdsourcing platforms using multiple theories.
The main contribution of this paper is the analysis of the role of TPLs in the development of innovative logistics solutions in Brazilian importations. The main contribution is the identification of critical aspects that contribute to or hinder innovation in importation logistics.
The paper provides a more comprehensive empirical investigation into how higher income inequality has been associated with the declining share of labor that has occurred over the period 1990-2015, in contrast to earlier contributions to the literature.
This paper contributes to the debate on the long-term evolution of the Argentine economy and identifies the moment in which it started diverging from other developed economies. The cyclical characteristics have been studied using both the traditional measures of the analysis of cycles as well as additional innovative measures that focus primarily on studying expansions.
This study contributes to the existing literature because these transition economies are characterized by profoundly changing labor markets, warranting a thorough understanding of the hysteresis effect. Transition economies underwent a deep transformation in the social, economic and political sphere. Integration into global value chains was accompanied by high levels of unemployment, often reaching double digits. Changing global human values has encouraged countries to participate in these new conditions and develop new relations between employers and employees. The labor market of former command economies underwent deep transformation. These structural changes in the labor market have motivated the study.
This paper makes a novel contribution by introducing another case study and method, which might be applied to further contexts with limited data. It estimates fraud in the Spanish personal income tax in the early 2000s, calculating evasion rates for each revenue source, and also for different income levels. Then, it approximates the effects on tax progressivity and the measurement of inequality.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to analyze the determinants of banks' net interest margins in the banking industry in the context of a restructuring process in Europe.
To the authors' best knowledge, there is only one major study that attempts to explore the wealth effect for the Spanish economy using micro-data (Bover, 2005). Considering the time elapsed since the publication of this study and the vast amount of new data available nowadays, it seems appropriate to obtain new estimates to yield results on this matter for a longer and particularly turbulent period of time.
This paper contributes to the literature by analysing the impact of the economic crisis on illegal drug consumption in Spain. It is the first to analyse the relationship between unemployment and illegal drug use in the Spanish context.
This is one of the first papers that integrate the international trade literature and the international business literature into one empirical work, to deepen into the determinants of exporting and FDI.
The contribution of this paper is that it focusses on those households that have never crossed the poverty line and, in general, do not have access to any type of assistance, subsidy or benefit within the framework of the public social protection system, but have experienced the emergence of certain economic stress (ES). That is, the households (not in poverty) whose economic comfort has been reduced taking into account their previous living standards.
This paper represents the first analysis of the impact of a non-mandatory quota policy. It also contributes to the literature on gender diversity in the board of directors of companies.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses artificial neural networks for the prediction of financial distress in the Spanish banking system. This study is also one of the first to apply this method in the banking sector.
This is the first study that uses a matching frontiers approach to analyse the efficiency of the PESs offices in Spain.
This paper contributes to the literature by introducing conditional measures of efficiency and the SW approach to analyse the LatAm banking sector. To that end, the separability condition proposed by SW has been considered to correctly select the factors used in the second stage of the analysis.
This is the first attempt to estimate the tax gap for the two main personal direct taxes that Spain levies on wealth, managed by the regional tax administrations.
This study describes the process followed to create a municipal database for a large set of variables based on the 2011 Census. This information is not available in a general form for all municipalities. The methods for creating the database are simple, although time-consuming, but have the advantage that they are compatible with the published census information and allow the incorporation of external information derived from the INE's Customized Tables system, which is essential to improve the accuracy of the estimations.
This paper is the first to estimate the effect of agglomeration on the probability that a firm - given a location - chooses to be informal. The analysis focuses on Cali, in the west of Colombia, where the informal sector employs 60 per cent of the workforce.
The main contribution of this research is the methodological design for the construction of the RCSI and its application to the Spanish autonomous communities for the period 2008-2016. The authors propose a novel indicator that relies on an objective aggregation criterion, the P-distance method, to which the authors add an interesting methodological modification that enables the dynamic analysis of regional competitiveness, thereby allowing for consistent comparisons of rankings across different years.
This paper contributes to the discussion on regional disparities regarding employment exclusion under an approach of multidimensional analysis, more commonly used in national comparative studies. The factors shaping the risk of employment exclusion are identified by a factor analysis conducted on a wide set of indicators taken from different sources of information. The first three are positive (the higher the factor value, the higher the risk), the higher is the risk.
This paper contributes to the existing literature on the impact of subsidies on the productivity of agri-food and forestry firms by estimating a stochastic frontier function that allows us to examine the effect of these subsidies on both technical efficiency and technical progress. Moreover, the authors analyze a set of managerial variables (such as online commerce, quality certificates, organic production and other variables) on firms' productivity.
This paper is the first to analyze the relationship between corruption and international trade using a comprehensive set of measures of corruption. It is also one of the first studies that analyze the impact of corruption on international trade with gravity.
This paper calls into question the linearity assumption by using time series techniques for Spain, an OECD country, and testing whether the results at country level hold for different regions.
This paper contributes to the evaluation of the exchange rate regimes in their capacity to foster growth while not jeopardizing macroeconomic stability. At the time of the writing of this paper, no work had evaluated Argentinean underperformace to the manner in which its exchange rate policy was handled in comparison with the rest of the region during the boom.
The authors deviate from the existing literature by studying whether the effect of family socioeco-eco-nomic background continues to influence outcomes during individuals' upper secondary education and early years in the labor market.
The present research shows data that shed light toward a better knowledge of transformational leadership and quality management in five-star hotels. These hotels integrate the dimension "Idealized influence" in their activities, which refers to the charismatic actions of leaders that focus on values, beliefs and the sense of mission (Lee et al., 2011). Leaders are admired by their followers, as they are a role model for their values and ethical behavior.
This study is one of the first attempts to identify regional tourism axes in Hormozgan Province, Iran, using GIS and TOPSIS model.
This study is one of the first attempts to explore the experiences of CBT projects in Romania. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other tourist destinations that are interested in implementing CBT in their tourism development.
This paper contributes to a deeper understanding of some of the possible reasons of residents' attitudes in a medium/small city towards tourism, which is relevant for both the well-being of local communities and for the development of tourism in a sustainable manner.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, very few studies use machine learning techniques as part of tourism market segmentation. For instance, Dutta et al. (2017) segment and classify domestic tourists using a host of machine learning algorithms. However, segmentation of Latin American destinations is relatively rare. Yet, performing a destination segmentation is helpful for destination marketers to target and reach visitors more effectively and efficiently.
The originalidad de this paper es que se refiere a un sentencias jurisprudencial sobre clausulas abusivas en contratos de transporte aereo aereo de personas.
The originalidad de this article es que se refiere a una agenda Europea para la economia colaborativa para la cesion de uso de viviendas con fines turisticos.
This study contributes to the literature by developing a stochastic model that integrates discrete choice theory with a Markov chain approach to capture conversion probabilities as well as intra-/inter-visit durations. The proposed model captures dynamic conversion behavior across search, revisit and booking decisions.
The originality of this paper lies in the development of a conceptual model based on the relationships between the different areas of research in the area of tourism and gender. This model expands and adapts the contributions of Segovia-Perez et al. (2019) and presents the main concepts necessary for the application of a gender perspective in tourism research.
The findings of the study contribute to the body of knowledge related to the theory introduced by Mak et al. (2012b) for a variety of reasons. The findings, primarily, identified and explained the main factors involved in the travelers' decision to consume local foods at a destination. Second, the study tested the proposed theoretical model to explain travelers' food-related behaviors at the destination. Third, the results can be used to theoretically compare to travelers' consumption of other local products or services. In conclusion, the findings have theoretical implications in terms of developing a framework for identifying the factors in travelers' decisions related to local consumption.
This is one of the first studies to use reliable data to explore the medical tourism industry in the UK. It is also the first study to use the International Passenger Survey data to examine the medical tourists who are returning "home" to the UK for treatment.
This study is one of the first to investigate the decision-making process of MTs from Nigeria who patronise hospitals in India and influencers of the purchase decision of these Nigerian MTs. The findings of this study will help health-care providers in Nigeria and other developing countries to understand the motivators and decision- making process of medical tourists.
This study is the first attempt to empirically examine the linkage between the efficiency of hotels and their foreign demand for accommodation in the hospitality industry in Thailand. The results of the study suggest a strong positive linkage between efficiency and demand from foreign guests, regardless of whether the hotels are located at tourist or non-tourist destinations.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first attempt to estimate the number of people who make up the user population of a small tourist municipality from available indirect information. In other words, the authors intend to offer an estimate of thenumber of people (assisted population) who use each territory by using variables associated with population changes affecting a delimited space.
This is the first study that uses the Granger causality test to test the causal relationship between tourism and economic growth in Mexico. It is also the first to use annual data to measure the impact of tourism on employment.
This study highlights the fact that cross-border health and medical tourism can be interrelated concepts regarding the freedom to move to get the most accessible or appropriate medical treatment to any EU Member State within the defined procedures for reimbursement. The introduction of DEA as a practical research tool for examining efficiency across EU-Member States seems to be an open path to evaluate and compare the health system performance from a cross- border/medical tourism perspective.
This study is the first of its kind to use the functional and psychological dimensions of customers' perception and satisfaction as the basis for formulating a destination's positioning strategy for tourism industry in Kashmir region.
This is the first study to empirically test Stone and Sharpley's (2008) thanatological framework in the context of dark tourism in Mexico, a country which is classified as "emerging", rather than Western, and whose inhabitants are renowned for a distinct relationship with death, evident, for example, in the writings of Octavio Paz (1950) and Juan Rulfo (1955), in Frida Kahlo's "Self-portrait on the Borderline between Mexico and the United States" (1932), and recently portrayed in the internationally successful Disney Pixar movie "Coco" (2017).
This paper contributes to the understanding of the relationship between the three modes of time (past, present and future), and how this relationship is visible in the historic centre of a consolidated tourist destination: El Puerto de Santa Maria.
This is the first study that investigates the inclusion of transversal competences in the training programs for unemployed in the city of Bahia De Cadiz. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other cities and regions that are interested in the implementation of active employment policies.
The major contribution of the present research lies in the fact that the destination attractiveness of the Tourism Brand Kurukshetra brand has been conducted by two methods for the first time. Destination marketers and governments can take some guidance from the results of this study, as it provides useful insights about a popular destination brand in Haryana (India).
This study shows that, to reinforce this new niche in the tourist market, the development of strategies is needed for the creation of tourist products with singularities, attractions and improvements in the on-line distribution. This would increase the number of tourists in these rural areas and this would create more marketing possibilities for the products that produce them.
This study is the first of its kind to use Fuzzy-VIKOR to understand the perceptions of tourists about tourist destinations that have been affected by terrorism. The findings of this study will help the government of Pakistan to take measures to restore the image of a tourist destination.
The results obtained from the model used show that in the long-term the relative price is a determining factor in the purchase decision of both markets analyzed (the USA and Canada). The elasticity of the demand to the price implies that the market is sensitive to the variations in the price of tourist services, opting for the destination that offers the best rates, with a greater sensitivity when compared to Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic.
The main contribution of this study comes from the analysis of food markets as experiential tourism resources and their interaction with social media as a communication tool with their clients. A tourist seeking experiences is a person that wants to escape, discover, enjoy and interact with local people and know their customs; therefore, markets can and should be part of this experience pursued by tourists. Besides, it is also essential to reach that new market niche.
The results show that studying the characteristics of highly or highly marginalised localities may contribute to the expansion of benefits brought about by the Magic Towns Program. The diversity of natural resources, agricultural activity and low urbanisation suggests opportunities for alternative tourism projects such as ecotourism, whose mechanisms of natural heritage management are compatible with local forms of organisation. EcotourISM can both diversify the offer of attractions and distribute the benefits of tourism to neighbouring localities and foster sustainable perspectives.
The novel aspect of the paper is that it analyzes the different behaviors and characteristics of tourism demand when the country of origin of tourists belongs or not to the sub-regional bloc previously defined. While the traditional gravity equation variables affect significantly the total tourism demand, other relevant variables - habit persistence, distance and remoteness - are also considered.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it explores the epistemological structure of mobilities, the theory of non-places, terrorism and political violence in the context of tourism and tourism as a rite of passage.
This paper is the first to analyze the effectiveness of applying standards for tourist accommodations in the Canary Islands (Spain). It is also one of the few studies that analyze the impact of applying these standards on the quality of tourist accommodations.
This paper presents a bibliometric study of the scientific literature on mobile devices and tourism, which has not been done before in this way. In this respect, the results of this study can be used as a basis for future research in this field.
The study is one of the first of its kind in the state of Karnataka and Udupi District in India. The findings of the study will help in understanding the perceptions of teachers and students on the effectiveness of online courses over traditional classroom learning.
Findings of this study are to present insights into exploring new ways of effectively implementing QA system in ODL. These findings would be helpful in identifying and charting the potential future action plans for continuous improvement in the individual OUs and their respective QA systems. The findings may also be of interest as reference by other open universities and ODL systems.
This is the first SWOT analysis of AIOU in Pakistan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other institutions of higher education in Pakistan and other developing countries that are facing similar situation.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the differences and relationships between online formative and summative assessments in Mississippi CTE courses. The findings of this study will be of value to educators, administrators and researchers interested in the use of online formatives in the context of CTE.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of self-efficacy in online education, especially in the Asian context. The framework developed in this study can be used as a guide for researchers and practitioners to strengthen participants' self-esteem, self-confidence and self-motivation in the context of online education.
This study is one of the first of its kind in India to examine the impact of ODL on social work programme in India. The findings of this study will be of great value to both academicians and practitioners of social work.
This study is one of the first of its kind to explore the potentials of blockchain as a strategic resource for ODL. The findings of this study will help ODL institutions to understand how blockchain can be utilized as a resource to address the challenges of ODL system. It will also help them to formulate appropriate strategies to harness its untapped potentials for creating and sustaining competitiveness.
This study is an extension of the previous two related studies with comparable independent variables but modified dependent variables, including adjusted dimensions and/or the attributes in and of each variable. The dependent variable is referred to as the so-called students' self-confidence.
This study is the first of its kind in the field of mobile learning analytics in distance education. The results of this study can be used as a basis for further research in the area of mobile and open and distance learning in order to improve the quality of learning and teaching practices.
This study analyzes open universities and compares NOU and UT in terms of good practices and challenges for improvement in empowering lifelong learning, addressing questions on open university policies and strategies in dropouts, student portfolio, and support services for students with special needs; and online instructional design and strategies that best meet the needs for lifelong learners.
The paper attempts to make an assessment of the challenges in disseminating higher education to them and problems solving capacity of ODL by strategically making use of ICT taking a case of Madhya Pradesh (MP) which is the most tribal dominated state of India, focusing on assess the role of the ICT in higher education in tribal areas, by throwing light on different ICT tools used in recent times for the delivery of instructional content and student support services by IGNOU, a leader in Indian ODL higher education landscape.
The study makes several important contributions to the literature. First, the study empirically investigates the factors that influence online students' persistence intentions using theory of planned behavior in the context of online education in Pakistan. Second, the findings of the study are in line with Dewberry and Jackson's (2018) findings. Third, this study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the factors associated with students' intentions to persist with their online courses and programs using the theory ofplanned behavior.
This study is the first of its kind to compare the knowledge and use of Bloom's digital taxonomy by teachers and students in online and distance learning (ODL) and conventional universities in Greece.
The present study was an attempt to evaluate the use of the Internet and changing communication patterns because of social media among university students. As in today's world of information technology, university students spend most of their time on the Internet, it has become simpler to gather information about any individual or topic. Social media has changed the foundation of how university students communicate.
This study is an attempt to gauge the contribution of top six countries (on basis of GDP) in one such platform - Coursera. Various MOOC platforms are evolving worldwide for the promotion of online learning. Thus, in the present study, one of the important platforms of online Learning-Coursera is being explored.
This is the first of its kind review of the research published in the field of open and distance education in India. The findings of the study will be useful for researchers, policy makers, researchers, educators and practitioners to understand the current trends of research in the area of ODE in India, and can also be used for the development of future research in this area.
This study is one of the first to investigate the moderating role of satisfaction on the relationship between service quality and students' accomplishment in ODL perspective.
This study contributes to the literature on student support in open and distance education by providing an in-depth analysis of the current state of student support services in the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) and Universitas Terbuka (UT) Indonesia.
- This study is the first of its kind to analyze the relationship between the antecedent factors in academic achievement and student retention in the context of higher education in Indonesia.
The significance of this study is focused on the adoption of technology-based learning as a limited practice of e-learning has observed in the field of teaching secondary level chemistry in Pakistan, especially in secondary level of studies, where the researcher has adopted a blended learning approach to motivate and produce self-determined and satisfied students in secondary schools.
- This study is the first of its kind to examine the usage of technology in teaching and learning law in the context of ODL in Sri Lanka. The findings of this study provide insightful guidelines not only to OUSL but also to other institutions offering similar disciplines through ODL to understand future integration of technology with the LL.B Degree Programme.
This study is one of the first of its kind in the Indian context, as it is the first attempt to study the adoption and utilization of MOOCs in the context of higher education in India.
This study is one of the first to explore the use of the creative collaborative group project as a pedagogical strategy for fostering the development of creative skills in a graduate course offered by a HEI through online distance learning.
This study is the first to explore the use of gamification in an immersive and gamified play on the Philippine Revolution of 1896. It provides useful insights for educators in designing interactive and engaging learning environments. It is also the first study that explores the learning experiences of a select group of participants in Katipuneros RPG as a medium for learning Philippine history.
- Findings of this paper will help institutions, particularly in Asia, to strategically review their research programs to make these programs more effective.
This study is the first study to investigate the design of e-learning and online tutoring as learning support for academic writing in Japan. The findings of this study can be used to improve the tutoring process and writing strategies for academicWriting support.
This paper provides some way for teachers to roughly predict students' performance by examining online learning data, and to provide timely intervention and guidance for students with learning difficulties. If the teacher finds that some students have much lower average number of days of access and hits count than the average number on the learning platform, he or she can pay appropriate attention to them and give them effective learning support to prevent them from failing the exam.
This paper presents the mechanism of field work supervision offered to the learners registered for social work programmes at IGNOU. It critically analyses the achievements and best practices adopted by IGNOU to provide effective field work supervisors (FWS) for the learners. Finally, the paper explains the challenges of fieldwork supervision in ODL mode and offers recommendations for effective supervision.
This paper provides some reference for other research on teaching of graphical programming tools. The right choice of the teaching platform is only the beginning. How to carry out specific and effective teaching in programming class is still a problem worth exploring.
This study is the first attempt to explore a new framework of online-merge-offline (OMO) classroom in the context of open education. The findings of this study can be used as a starting point for further research on the design of OOMO classroom for open education in China. The proposed framework of OMO classroom can also be used by other researchers and practitioners to explore the design issues of O2O classroom in other contexts.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the challenges faced by APEL-A assessors during the evaluation process as well as the assessors' recommendations for improving the process after experiencing it. This study is also one of the first to look into the APEL assessment methods that are based on the adult learning theory and experiential learning theory.
This paper is the first systematic review of the research trends in recommender systems for e-learning published in SSCI journals from 2014 to 2018.
The findings of this study help to identify the employers' needs and requirements on the qualities and skills of postgraduates for the twenty-first century, in general, and employers' satisfaction on Hanoi Open University's (HOU) postgraduated, in particular. Thus, suggestions are given to employers, learners and especially to managers at HOU to improve the services at the university in general and the services to postgraduate students in particular to upgrade their qualities and Skills to meet the social demands.
This study is the first of its kind to be carried out on the quality of orientation in ODL in Zimbabwe. The findings of the study will be of value to ODL institutions which offer studies through ODL delivery mode.
This study is one of the first of its kind in India to examine the perception of students towards quality and effectiveness of social work education through ODL. The findings of this study will help in the design and development of effective strategies to improve the quality of ODL programmes.
The innovative rubrics presented here can support both, in addition to improving common understanding, promoting consistent expectation of the learning outcome and minimizing various interpretations across the assignment stakeholders. As outcome-based assessment is now very popular among ODL institutions, it is aptly suitable to consider widespread of usage of rubrics as a one-stop assessment platform for guiding and grading. In future, the usage of these innovative Rubrics can be expanded beyond IT courses to other field of subjects, in order to support ODL institution in measuring achievement of course learning outcomes via formative assessment such as assignment writing.
This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan, and it is also one of the few studies in the context of higher education in Pakistan. The findings of this study will be useful for the policy makers, teachers, and researchers.
The findings of this study may not have a universal value; however, these findings may throw some light on some of the pedagogical, technological, social, interaction and contextual attributes including cultural dimensions that have to be considered when designing mobile applications. It also provides guiding principles for designing mobile learning solutions and for conducting design-based research for future technological innovations.
This paper contributes to the debate on the sustainability of open and distance education by providing a case study on the UK Open University, which is a representative ODE institution and is representative of those universities all over the world.
This study identified two major ways to innovative teaching as reported by educators in Asia, in terms of whether or not technologies are involved. The technology-oriented approaches were applied and regarded as important in areas such as assisting students' learning and increasing the teacher-student interaction. The non-technology-oriented innovations lay in, for example, enhancing students' independent learning ability, creativity and self-reflection, with features such as cross-disciplinary collaboration, creativity, active learning and the facilitation of teaching. The innovations addressed both students' academic and non-academic aspects and teachers' work. The participating educators also recommended improvements for the innovations, such as catering for students' diverse needs and evaluation by different stakeholders.
This study contributes to the literature on student persistence models, dropout factors, persistence strategies used by students and retention strategies employed by institutions. It also provides recommendations for DL institutions to improve student persistence in ODL.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of e-servicescapes on student engagement through the mediating role of experience quality in the context of distance education.
This study is the first of its kind to assess the effectiveness of current HRD at Hanoi Open University to identify the areas which need improvements to enhance the training quality and effectiveness to gain better performances.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing a comprehensive review of case studies on Smart LA and its application in the context of smart learning. The findings of this paper can be used by researchers and educators to design and implement smart learning technologies to improve learning experiences.
This is the first attempt to assess the sustainability of the Open University model for the next 15 years as governments seek to fulfil the UN Sustainable Development goals (SDGs).
This paper is an attempt to discuss how the ODL institutions in India should play an important role in bringing up the required human resource development both by promoting the knowledge-based and skill-based education and by protecting them against all antisocial activities that would actually help in empowering and transforming the society.
The current study is an attempt to apply corpus linguistics in written electronic texts, particularly the "About Us" sections of AAOU members' websites. This inquiry is important because it will provide an insight as to howAAOU members describe and portray themselves in the World Wide Web, a platform which is highly utilized in the field of distance education. Moreover, as genre is deemed as a dynamic construct, the inquiry will provide the members of the AAOU with an overview of their common communicative purposes, overused or underused keywords, and their usage of these words which they may opt to work on in the future.
This paper is the first attempt to apply quality tools to improve the student retention supporting process in a higher education institute.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the impact of group reporting as a tool to enhance the quality of online cooperative learning. The findings of this study can be used by course designers and instructors to design and implement cooperative learning in online courses.
This paper constructs a platform element concept framework which can truly realize "seamless learning" by expanding and improving the connotation and scope of the seamless learning platform. The framework especially focuses on the expansion and management of teachers and resources, and the construction of learners' needs database, except including traditional teachers, learners, technology and resources. In addition, innovatively, the authors attach importance to the role of management function in the whole framework.
This is one of the first attempts to model the notions and dimensions of quality in the context of MOOCs. It is expected that ideas introduced here might underpin related stakeholders to critically thinking on quality. It also anticipated that it can emphasize areas of research that might be proposing new instruments and different ways of approaching and measuring the quality of MO OCs.
This paper is the reinforcement of previous study on the relatively similar structure with quite different respondents and also with modified attributes primarily in the seven foremost variables as previously introduced by Sembiring (2016). The issues however are still tightly relatable to the students' persistence and attrition by pondering to Tinto (1997) and Bean (1983). Students' persistence, including loyalty (Kunanusorn and Puttawong, 2015), is an integral part of satisfaction as identified by Brown (2006). Satisfaction in academic excellence is also frequently attached to the service quality (Parasuraman et al., 1988; Arokiasamy and Abdullah, 2012).
The integration of EBSCO Discovery Service widget into the learning spaces of the LMS is a novel approach that has not been attempted before. The integration of the library system into the e-learning platform is an important step to increase the visibility and the visibility of the university library.
This study is the first of its kind in the Sri Lankan context to examine the role of peripheral services offered by the Open University of Sri Lanka (OUSL) to encourage student involvement in its study programs.
This study contributes to the existing literature on mobile learning by providing an in-depth analysis of the views and expectations of students and their teachers on the practice of mobile learning in nursing education. The findings of this study have implications for advancing the theoretical foundations of the mobile learning model.
This paper is one of the first to examine conceptions of learning in technology-enhanced learning environments in Taiwan. The results shed light on the needs of future research that extends the scope and depth of the study of conceptions oflearning.
The findings of this study will provide feedback as to learners' intention to use as well as guidelines on how to improve the development of video lectures as the university gears to offer more courses in the fully online mode in the near future. The findings from this research study seem to suggest that OUM learners have a positive perception of video lecture with reference to the two dimensions of "ease of use" and "usefulness".
This study is the first of its kind to apply two types of feedback methods in the e-learning environment to improve student's conceptual learning on the recursion concept on recursion.
This paper proposes an empirical framework and a mainstreaming checklist for systematically and holistically mainstreaming OER in an academic institution. The proposed framework and checklist can be used as a guide for other academic institutions to implement OER mainstreaming processes.
The originality of the paper lies in its focus on the design-based approach to support and nurture open educational practices (OEP). The paper is of value to both researchers and practitioners in the field.
This paper is the first systematic review of the mounting research work on LA that has been published in recent years to provide an overview of this emerging field and serves as a foundation for further exploration. It addresses the potential problems of ODL institutions that could be solved by using LA, and the benefits that can be obtained according to the existing case studies.
The findings of the study will help ODL managers/administrators to make future direction of the BSc degree program at the OUSL.
This paper is the first attempt to analyze students' online learning behavior in a blended learning environment using a data-driven approach using a machine learning technique known as VSM.
This paper is the first of its kind to describe the QA culture in the print module development process at the OUM. It also provides an insight into the satisfaction level of the learners with the learning material.
This paper reflects on the profileration of online examination as a newly introduced education platform and analyzes how and why it broadened the extent to which the aforesaid students' demographics were interrelated, to bring those demographics into a unified diffusion framework. The diffusion of innovation theory was used to analyze the students' classification based on the adoption rates, i.e. innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore the potential and challenges of MOOCs in Pakistan from the perspective of students and faculty. The findings of this study would help us to understand what students and teachers in Pakistan think of this massive rise of online education genie (MOOCs).
This study is the first attempt to apply a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm-based soft computing model to the educational data mining (EDM) domain. The proposed model can be applied to a wide range of educational settings, including distance learning.
- This paper reports the preliminary findings and is by no means a comprehensive review on profiling information-seeking behaviour among distance learners. With this in mind, the scope of research has been extended to study a wider population of distance learners in Wawasan Open University. All in all, results from this study have confirmed that distance learners experience critical difficulties in effectively searching for information and utilizing the said information in the scholarship of learning and research.
This study provides some insights for shortening the duration of the BTech and BIS degree programmes offered by the FET of the Open University of Sri Lanka.
This study is the first of its kind in the Philippines to explore the use of ODeL as a tool for training and development of future public health professionals in the context of a developing country. It also contributes to the literature on ODEL by providing an in-depth understanding of its use in the healthcare sector.
This study is one of the first to use a blended learning approach to build student-teachers' capacity to learn and teach science-related interdisciplinary subjects at the senior secondary level in Hong Kong.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the design and implementation of mobile-friendly OERs in a developing country context. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for the development of similar solutions in other countries with poor internet connectivity.
In this paper, a novel scheme is proposed to resolve the problem of instability and inefficiency for clustering of online learning resources. Outliers are first eliminated based on the density of each resource. Then, a minimum spanning tree is constructed based on distances among resources. The degree of freedom for each resource is subsequently calculated based on its structure. The resource with the largest value ofdegree of freedom will be considered as the initial centroid. In comparison with the previous work (Wang et al., 2015), a number of enhancements have been made: a more comprehensive literature review has been conducted; the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm together with other clustering algorithms are evaluated with two additional data sets including a two-dimensional data set and a real-world e-learning data set to improve the generalization of results; one classical density-based clustering method (DBSCAN) is analyzed in more detail; and the experimental results are analyzed in detail.
This is the first study that attempts to investigate the evolutionary trends of research in the ODL field as reflected in refereed research journal articles. The findings are worthy of researchers' attention and can facilitate their identification of study areas and approaches. For conducting research and publishing a high-research output, this study points to the following recommendations for ODL scholars.
This study contributes to introduce ontological structure representation in reusing the learning resources from course module and forum discussion. This representation is central to add meaning to the learning resource, indexed in such a way that it can be reused, searched, processed and shared the knowledge of interest.
The ILES enhances the effectiveness of the learning process of laboratory classes while achieving ODL objectives. It also permits the students to repeat the experiment if they need more experience.
iRadio OUM plays an important role in developing e-learning materials for OUM. It adds value to the printed modules and addresses the different learning styles or preferences of the learners. Auditory learners may benefit greatly from the audio files provided and visual learners can truly take advantage of the videos uploaded via OUMportal. This is also part of OUM's OER efforts as all of the content uploaded is available for free.
This paper discusses the development and experience of building repositories on open educational resources, a research project carried out by the Wawasan Open University (WOU) Library in February 2014, in collaboration with the National Institute of Informatics, Japan and the Open University of Japan. Being the first non-Japanese user of this open source software, the paper aims to share the experiences gained from conducting the research project.
This is one of the first studies to examine cultural perceptions of online learning from the point of view of participants from three countries: Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Mauritius.
This study is the first of its kind in the Malaysian context. It is also one of the few studies in the ODL segment of the education industry in Malaysia.
This study has discovered somewhat significant differences between what was obtained from qualitative routines as compared to quantitative approach. Four out of the ten hypotheses assessed were not validated by the analysis. This implied that the established qualitative frame is imperfectly approved by quantitative analysis. Another inquiry was needed by enlarging the scope of the study, e.g. by inviting other academic communities from other universities as respondents and/or experts, to make the consequences closer under exploratory design, as part of mixed methods. Using the IPA-CSI procedure, ten vital attributes as the good clues that OER movement in UT is promising.
This paper is a case study of how peer-facilitated discussions affected the OEReL process of the participants, what factors supported and hindered peer- facilitation activities, and what challenges were faced by them during the process.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the differences between teaching conventional online courses and MOOCs; and the extent to which the ways and approaches proposed in the literature were adopted by MOOC providers. The paper serves to direct attention to the MOOC context in various areas, to address practical issues arising from the very large and diverse backgrounds of students that hinder effective teaching.
This is the first study to demonstrate the potential for social prescribing to contribute to emotional, psychological and social well-being outcomes for patients of secondary mental health services. It also demonstrates the importance of providing financial and developmental support to frontline VCSEs to enable these outcomes to be achieved and sustained.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the dimension of service quality that affects customers' satisfaction and loyalty among customers of Islamic banks in Malaysia. Furthermore, this study will also examine the role of trust as a mediator between customers' dissatisfaction and loyalty.
This study contributes to corporate finance theory and CSR. It checks if the capital structure theories in conventional finance as well as Islamic bonds can explain sukuk issuance given their social responsibility benefits. It would help defining the social factors that encourage Sukuk issuance. This would reasonably lead to Islamic finance and Islamic CSR development.
The contribution of this study is to investigate this link in a framework of endogenous growth model through international evidence from Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Turkey and Saudi Arabia as the top pioneer Islamic finance countries. Therefore, this study answers the following question: "Does the financial performance of Islamic finance affect economic growth in the frame of the endogenous growth models?"
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes an organic global cryptocurrency that is closer to Maqasid Shari'ah principles than the existing international monetary system. It is also the first attempt to introduce the concept of a global cryptocurrency.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the benefits of accessing business financial services from an Islamic point of view in Nigeria.
- This is the first study to examine the interplay between Maqasid al-Shari'ah and classical waqf jurisprudence in the context of the classical Fiqh al-Awqaf. The findings of this study will be of value to scholars and practitioners alike.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first systematic literature review on the SG of SSBs and firm performance in the context of Islamic banking. The findings of this study will be useful for researchers, practitioners, and policy makers in the Islamic banking industry to understand the impact of SG on IB performance.
The paper complements the literature, which primarily relies on cross-country panel data by single-country estimations that account for country-specific characteristics. The paper applies a panel econometric approach to bank-level balance sheet and macrolevel data for Saudi Arabia spanning 2000-2015.
This study proposes a theoretical model of the ISWFs based on Islamic finance principles to modify the precarious image of SWFs from Muslim countries. The model includes four essential pillars: Pillar 1: the major Shariah principles; Pillar 2: the Shariah corporate governance framework; Pillar 3: the Islamic transparency and disclosure framework; and Pillar 4: the corporate social responsibility (SR) framework. This study provides the following contributions of theoretical and practical nature for scholars and policymakers.
This paper is the first attempt to explore the potential development of "social impact sukuk" (SIS) by looking at the lessons learned from the implementation of Peterborough SIB. These lessons can be useful for two main ideas - first, as a reference for the future development of SRI within the Islamic finance industry, and, second, in working towards breaking the formalist deadlock (having form but without substance) of Islamic finance practice in achieving its true social objectives.
This study is one of the first attempts to propose an innovative model to tap MSMEs market. The authors propose a collaborative SPE model to deal with associated risk by government's involvement through the credit guarantee program. NBFIs can be a part of SPE by providing financial resources as well as their extensive knowledge of regional markets to focus on particular geographical regions and market segment.
This is the first study that compares the equity contract with the debt contract in terms of reciprocity, self-interest and reputation.
This study is one of the first to investigate IPO underpricing in the case of Shariah-compliant companies listed on Bursa Malaysia. This study is also the first attempt to investigate the IPO underpriced IPO for Shariah compliant companies separately from the common IPO market in Malaysia.
- The new edition updates our previous report on the implications for the hospitality industry of major trends now shaping the future. Whatever your concern, some of these trends will have a very direct impact upon it. Others will help to form the general environment in which we live and work.
This study is the first to analyze promotional material from a single resort through the lens of the experience economy and the promotion of authenticity. The findings suggest that the Venetian's promotional material can be used as a case study for other hotels and resorts seeking to promote authenticity and experience.
This research contributes to the literature on workplace learning and organisational performance in the hospitality industry in the Netherlands. It is the first study to investigate the influence of workplace learning on the performance of the organisation in the industry.
This study contributes to the existing literature on people-to-people interaction by comprehensively exploring all expected utilities of people interaction occurring in all sorts of interactions (e.g. guest- to-guest, guest to server and guest to local). The findings of the study may be further utilized in theory development and practice.
This study contributes to the understanding of museum tourism and experience in a non-Western context. In addition, the current findings provide the foundation for future directions and provide empirical evidence that museum experience, satisfaction, WPM are significant factors that have an impact on the loyalty of tourists in the studied area.
- This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of a comprehensive wellness program on job satisfaction in the workplace. The results of this study can be used by organizational leaders to assess the effectiveness of a wellness program and to determine ways to encourage employee participation.
This study is one of the first to investigate the impact of social norms, such as the influence of peers, social groups or cultural influences, that may influence employees' responsibility to safely monitor the production environment from production to consumption in the restaurant industry.
This study contributes to the literature on digital marketing by exploring digital marketing and tourism with a focus on opportunities for Africa as a case study.
This study is one of the first to examine students' dining frequency and satisfaction with on-campus foodservice facilities and dining frequency from an HBCU perspective, specifically in relation to the quality of food, ambience, value, value for money, food and beverage options, and service and if service satisfaction leads to their dining frequency. In addition, this study also tests these relationships across two distinct groups of students, i.e. residents and commuters.
To the authors' knowledge, there is no research focusing on consumer acceptance and avoidance of hotel smartphone apps. Therefore, this study will shed light on the existing literature of mobile technology in the lodging industry. This study found that perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, perceived credibility, perceived equipment risk, perceived change risk, and psychological resistance are significant predictors of BIs in the hotel industry.
This study is one of the first to identify and compare the characteristics of culinary fans and culinary critics of two tourist destinations in the U.S., Orlando (A metropolis in central Florida) and Florida (the state overall).
A set of universally accepted HRI guidelines with standards has yet to emerge in the hospitality industry. Compilation of such information for designers of hospitality service robots will offer a clearer roadmap for them to follow. This article provides a set of introductory guidelines and standards to hopefully jumpstart this undertaking.
This study is among the first to examine the relationship between demographic factors and travel motivation among leisure tourists in Tanzania. The findings of this study have important implications for tourism practitioners and policy makers in the country.
This is the first study to examine the impact of the Great Recession on gaming volume and employment in a nondestination gaming destination, and the only study to do so in the USA.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of contracting out school meals in a rural school district in the USA. It is also one of very few studies that have examined the economic impact of contracting out school food services.
This study is one of the first to examine the effects of tipping motivations on loyalty to the server in a restaurant. The findings of this study can help restaurant owners and managers to cultivate customer loyalty, not only to the restaurant brand, but also to the servers who are the key in providing a level of relationship with the guest that the owners cannot control directly.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of QSR brand practice perceptions and QSR consumer sustainable behaviors on willingness to pay a premium for QSR products in the context of sustainable practices.
This study was the first to examine gender differences in festival motivations in Saudi Arabia. Therefore, it offers promising avenues to other scholars who are interested in the leisure culture of Saudi Arabia, an area that is relatively understudied.
This research contributes to existing literature by investigating how emotion regulation processes and the impact of emotions/mood are linked to consumers' evaluation of service and product quality. Furthermore, this research examines the efficacy of music in the service environment by studying the effects of live music in an experimental setting.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of web page load time on consumer satisfaction in the hotel industry. It provides a broad-based survey of hotel website load time performance, establishing a benchmark upon which future performance can be compared; it compares website load times for both desktop and mobile devices against consumer service expectations, highlighting service gaps which may impact hotel reservation processes and hotel revenues; and it introduces a methodology that not only enables hotel companies to monitor their own (and competitor's) website performance, but also provides specific, actionable recommendations to improve their site's performance.
This research is the first to empirically analyze CMCA member cities' MICE competitiveness from the perspective of the supply side. The findings of this research will contribute to the understanding of the factors and indicators that influence the urban MICE industry in China. This research will also enrich the research on the supply-side structural reform of the MICE cultural industry in the new era.
This paper is the first of two parts of a two-part study. The second part of the study will report on the findings of the first part of this study and will provide a detailed description of the closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process.
This is the first time that a closed-loop assessment of learning outcomes process has been recommended for hospitality programs. It is also one of the few studies that has been done in the hospitality industry.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by Japanese restauranteurship in Hong Kong's premium Japanese restaurant market. The challenges discussed will most likely still exist but much like the work done by those in the past, this current generation is paving the way for opportunity for the future.
This study is the first to provide a more holistic representation of the price-quality-value-satisfaction-loyalty relationship in the restaurant industry. The findings of this study provide a better understanding of the antecedents and consequences of value-based pricing in a restaurant context.
This is the first study to examine the relationship between program and institutional support characteristics and cohort intent to persist in a PGA-GMUP cohort.
This study is one of the first to explore the impact of human and nonhuman brand characteristics on brand equity and credibility in the context of hospitality and tourism. The findings of this study will contribute theoretically, empirically and practically to the branding literature.
This research advances the literature examining employee diversity, specifically referring to Latino hospitality employees who communicate in Spanish. Prior academic studies on text mining of hospitality companies have been based on consumer comments from blogs and/or social media feeds. Yet, applying a sentiment analysis approach to analyzing hospitality employee comments has yet to be attempted in academic research.
This study is the first of its kind to conduct a systematic review of previous works to facilitate potential new areas where more deep research is needed. This study is also one of the first attempts to use geoeconomics theory in the context of CPEC.
This paper is the first to use the mathematical approach of IPA to identify and understand the importance level and the satisfaction level of students with regard to a number of measurement items related to EMI in shipping courses.
This paper is the first empirical case study of seafarers' welfare in Greece, which has been conducted since the entry into force of MLC 2006 in 2013. The findings and suggestions revealed from this paper are of importance for the shipping industry and other states.
This study is one of the first to analyze the preferences of potential cruisers toward cruise tourism in the Japanese cruise market using a behavioral model.
This study represents an attempt to highlight the trajectory from the blue economy to economic growth for the South Asian countries under consideration. This is the first study to examine the impact of blue economy factors on economic growth in the SAARC countries.
This study spotlights on the marine sector and its impact on Omani economy, the main objectives in this article are to infer if there is any long-run relationship between fish production and marine trade balance from one side and fishProduction and foreign direct investment on the other hand. In this study, the authors are trying to answer if fish productions have a long- run impact on the Marine Trade Balance, and does ongoing growth of fish production in Oman attract FDI.
This study is one of the first attempts to apply FTA method to analyze the root causes of the detentions in the Black Sea Region. This study is designed to provide a solid base to the field and to figure out the root cause of thedetentions. The results will be benefited strategically that enables a holistic point of view.
This study is one of the first to investigate multimodal transportation via TSR from the perspective of Korean logistics companies in practice. The findings of this study can be used by logistics companies and shippers to improve their decision-making process in order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their multimodals.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first to identify the key inland logistics service attributes in Chinese landlocked regions from the customers' perspective. This study is also the first attempt to use the IPA model to determine the priorities for improving inland logistics services in China.
This is the first study to examine the direct and spillover effects of liner shipping connectivity on merchandise trade from a national perspective. This study contributes to a better understanding of the dynamics of port productivity, which is important for infrastructure planning and other strategic decisions.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, with the exception of Jimenez-Jimenez et al.'s work, few studies have examined the antecedent and impact of collaborative decision-making for container shipping firms. Thus, this study aims to empirically investigate the relationships among logistics information integration, supply chain collaboration, collaborative decision making and logistics service performance.
The contribution of this study is threefold. First, few studies in the literature have investigated the productivity of shipyards and this is the first study to use a metafrontier framework. Second, among the top three countries in the global shipbuilding industry, China held the leading position in 2014 but was replaced by South Korea and Japan in 2015. Third, the technology gaps and changes in intertemporal productivity in shipyards in China, South Korea, and Japan are compared.
This study contributes to the literature on tourist behavior by highlighting the effects of aesthetics and destination image in explaining customer satisfaction and the loyalty of tourists in harbor tourism. Although previous studies have recommended the importance of destination image and tourist satisfaction, few studies have empirically developed a model intended to measure port aesthetics and distinctly interpret its effects on tourist satisfaction and loyalty. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this research is the first to examine the link between port aesthetic and tourist loyalty.
This study contributes to the literature by offering a hierarchical framework for SC literature and confirming the role of this issue in improving the cruise industry sustainability. In practice, such results provide key attributes for successful performance improvements.
The proposed regression model has high performance to estimate the time spent for container handling by using the results from the simulation model instead of the actual data. Additionally, this study also addresses the YAP for transshipment containers, to operate effectively and smoothly the connection between main routes and feeder services at a terminal.
This study contributes to the literature by developing an innovative universal island-based metaheuristic algorithm, in which the population of candidate solutions to the problem of interest is divided into four sub-populations (which are also referred to as "islands"). The proposed UIMA deploys a unique set of operators, which is expected to facilitate the search process for solutions and improve the quality of berth schedules.
This paper is the first attempt to use analytical queuing approximations to provide an approximate evaluation of terminal throughput, vessel sojourn time, internal vehicle round trip and container handling at berthing points and storage areas by means of analytical methods.
The major contribution is made in analyzing the current situation of the trade transportation between China and Koreas, and proposing both the possibility and the necessity of establishing a multimodal transportation system through the analysis of the infrastructure and the bilateral relation development as well as the questionnaire survey and the modal splits model.
This paper provides the first insights in the decision making process regarding market share for grains and the optimal utilization of the Panama Canal system. The ensuing logit model developed for this research could be used to understand the odds of grains vessel originating on the US Gulf and East Coast to East Asia transiting the Panama canal and will be part of the discussion regarding future market share of grains at the waterway.
The DST can be used to support the tactical planning of midstream LNG supply chains, with its results being available to the shipowner to evaluate options for his fleet. The owner may then offer a competitive charter rate for each vessel aligned with its total operational cost.
This paper has demonstrated the potentials of unmanned vessels and its competitive advantages over existing cargo ships. Besides its contribution to reduce fatigue and workload of navigating officers, the improvement of navigational safety by eliminating human errors and reduction of harmful exhaust emission can make shipping safer and more sustainable. However, as the technology is still under development, it is too early for a final evaluation.
The paper provides the first formal evaluation of performance change in the Irish port sector since the implementation of the Harbours Act 1996-2000. It is the first academic review of Irish port performance since Mangan and Cunningham (2000).
This paper is one of the first empirical studies to study the governing regulations on shipping conferences in Taiwan along with investigating the evolution of EU competition block exemption for shipping and the impact on the EU to repeal conference system; in addition, am empirical study is conducted to present carriers' opinions responding to the EU repealing the conference system.
The authors shift the argument that economic performance is at least in part a result of institutional aspects and transportation infrastructure from an isolated view to a more complementary approach. The attribute of "transportation infrastructure" enhances the interactions among institutional attributes and the mobility of those factors or attributes.
This study attempts to provide a systematic review of risk mitigation strategies in the container shipping industry and an analysis of the effectiveness of the identified strategies. This study adopts the structure of risk consequence proposed by Chang et al. (2014, 2015, 2016), which presents a relatively comprehensive list of consequences relating to the shipping environment.
This study is one of the first attempts to analyse the magnitude of ECM arising from seasonal seasonality in full container movements in container transportation in Turkey.
This paper presents a heuristic algorithm to solve the VRPTW problem with time window constraint and to make a selection of less-than-truckload carriers.
This paper opens the discussion widely about applying the concept of the stochastic gross-profit-per-day objective to all systems which have a time-variable operational cycle or systems which can employ different mixes of factors of production. The former systems are by definition spend different times in each operational cycle while the latter systems spend different time while using each mix of factors-of-production. Either type of systems may be found in single, decoupled and coupled entities.
This study is one of the first to estimate the impact of China's potential domestic DECA with 0.1% sulphur limit on SO2 emissions. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the establishment of new DECAs in other developing countries. It can also be used by the governments of developed countries to establish their own DECAs.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore the potential of Malaysian seaports as a hub for tourism activities. The findings of this paper can be used as a guide for the development of seaport tourism.
The paper presents a framework aiming at measuring the perceptions of port users - such as shipping companies - on port performance. With port users' perceptions being the missing link in port performance measuring tools, the paper suggests a framework that can lead to a comprehensive approach. The paper discusses both the findings of the field research and the application perspectives of this tool, unveiling barriers, advantages and disadvantages of this process.
This study is among the handful papers to go one level deeper into the subject of standardisation in intermodal transportation. It combines a literature review and an empirical part based on desk research and interviews. The findings show potential for the use of standards in three main areas of inter modal transport: infrastructure, loading units and information exchange.
This paper contributes to the literature by proposing a robust framework for measuring the attractiveness of a maritime cluster with the use of a performance index. The proposed index can be used by policy makers and practitioners to identify the factors which add value and enhance the cluster's performance.
This paper will help in enhancing the general standards of container security if inland container transportation laws are amended. For instance, it will definitely help in identification of precise risks carried by the specific stakeholders at the time where failure of the container security is breached. It will go a long way in increasing the transparency of the entire transportation process.
This is the first study to analyze the impact of the implementation of the global sulfur cap on the shipping industry. The results of this study can be used by the IMO to decide on the enforcement date of the sulfur cap.
This paper is the first of its kind in the context of CPEC and maritime security collaboration in Pakistan and China. It is also the first attempt to study the CPEC-Gwadar Port joint venture from a maritime security perspective.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that analyses the potential for the internalisation of external costs via existing fees as an appropriate policy instrument to contribute to the reduction of GHG emissions from freight transport.
This is the first comprehensive review and taxonomy of policies, incentives and measures targeting the abatement of shipping emissions to air. It is also the first attempt to identify and classify these measures, policies and measures in a global perspective.
This research is relevant in providing a consolidated, consequentially organised model of compliance determinants of compliance for the shipping industry based on prior studies, qualitative content analysis of primary interview data and statistical analyses of primary questionnaire data. Special considerations applicable to the shippingindustry are explored, and the model developed stands as a first to empirically test determinant of compliance behaviour with maritime environmental legislation.
This paper is part of a broader research effort to develop a BPM methodological framework for the port sector. The multidimensional nature of the topic dictates the necessity to obtain a holistic view of existing knowledge, focusing on the three thematic areas: process management at ports and maritime logistics; port electronic platforms; and port performance.
This study is the first attempt to investigate the sources of efficiency changes at Asian container ports along the Silk Road Economic Belt. It also provides valuable insights for port authorities and operators to devise strategies to improve their efficiency.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the optimal re-allocation of yacht mooring areas under the regulation of the government to allow more yachts to be moored at their ideal muring areas to reduce the illegal transferring of private moorings. The results of this study can be used by the marine department to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the application process for transferring yacht murings. It can also be used to improve yacht owners' satisfaction and satisfaction of the yacht owner.
This is the first attempt to come up with criteria for moored container ships under passing ship forces, based on literature and in-house experience of Ghent University.
To date, there has been no study assessing the marine production as a comparative study in GCC countries, despite the sensitivity of the region, which is important in the world and constitutes an effective region in the assessment of risks surrounding critical region. In addition, GCC countries have huge blue economic wealth, which build the budget of the country, so this study contributes positively to recognition of human resource activities, which are increasing over time, but some of these activities threaten sustainable development in oceans and affect environmental ecology.
To the authors' knowledge, no previous study has examined safety marketing stimuli and their impact on passengers' safety awareness and behaviour in the ferry service context. This study fills the highlighted research gaps by conducting confirmatory analysis to examine how safety marketing stimulus dimensions affect passengers'safety awareness and behaviours.
This paper is the first comprehensive review of the literature on peripheral ports and its relation to container hub ports. It provides a new perspective on the peripheral port challenge and deconcentration factors.
This study is the first attempt to investigate the professionalization of education in Maritime logistics and supply chain industry in Hong Kong. The findings of this study could be used as a reference for the development of a comprehensive professional education in the industry. It could also be used to develop a framework for developing a professional education program for the industry in the future.
A wicked problem is one where the planning for adverse events such as a security breach is difficult or impossible to solve because of incomplete, contradictory, and changing requirements that are often difficult to recognize. This "wicked problem" context forces port managers and shipping companies to view security decisions made on security in terms of minimization and mitigation and minimization of the extent and duration of the negative consequences associated with major disruptions. There is no ability to fully solve a wicked problem such as cybersecurity because wicked problems are multilayered and persistent problems. These problems represent a constellation of problems embedded in a network of interconnected systems.
The study shows that there is a need for an integration of standards and tailor-made KPIs in turbulent and complex environments. The KPIs may serve as a net service for more advanced cooperation, cooperation and collaboration between companies within and between companies.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of both protectionist and liberalised maritime cabotage policies in the context of Greece.
This is the first research effort to consider the impact from the recent round of alliance reshuffle which comprised a series of events that took place from year 2014 to 2017. In place of the G6 Alliance and CHKYE Alliance are three new shipping alliances.
The study has identified the importance of the service quality factors that are more important for the enhancement of the freight forwarding business. The present study has examined the association between the tangibility, responsibility, reliability, value, assurance, empathy, tangibility and its influence on customer satisfaction pertaining to freight forwarding services in Chennai.
This study is one of the first attempts to develop a conceptual framework for strategic maritime management as a new emerging field in maritime studies. The findings of this study provide a fruitful empirical groundwork that invites scholars to more advanced research and contribute to fundamental research and theory building in the maritime industry.
Clustering is a national, regional or local cooperation and development model of interrelated firms and supplementary institutions in a particular sector to gain global competition advantage. Countries use maritime clusters as a global competition tool to increase their global competition power in the maritime sector. They generally locate their maritime transportation sub-sector in the heart of the cluster organisation and supporting firms for the maritime transportation and ship/yacht building and maritime equipment sub-sectors on the periphery. It is imperative for Turkey to develop its maritime capacity in the near future to increase its global competitiveness.
This study is the first attempt to apply econometric techniques to understand the effects of the main economic- and shipping-related trends on the shipbuilding industry. The results can be used to build policy to better understand future market trends.
This study is the first to apply the LPPL-model to the dry bulk shipping market, which is a market that has been recognized as highly volatile and volatile, as it is subject to a number of uncertainties, ranging from geopolitical shocks and the ever-changing world economy to fleet changes and the sensitive market sentiment.
This study is the first to apply a game theory model to the cruise line value-added chain in a quantitative game theory. The findings of this study can be applied to other cruise markets such as the USA and the Mediterranean Sea.
This is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the relationship between competitive intensity and efficiency in European container ports using SFA. It is also the first to apply SFA to the European container port sector.
This paper contributes to the existing literature by providing a systematic approach to identify and prioritize operational risks in container shipping systems by using cognitive assessment technique. The proposed model could be used as a decision support system for risk management of container shipping companies.
This paper is the first attempt to examine anti-competition of ocean shipping alliances from a legal perspective of the USA, the EU and the PRC.
This study is one of the first to construct a set of EMI indicators for shipping management-related courses in Taiwan's higher education institutions. The findings of this study can be used to improve the delivery of shipping education in the shipping industry in Taiwan and in other countries in East Asia in general.
To the author's knowledge, few empirical studies have discussed the relationships between organizational motivation on job satisfaction and organizational performance in the shipping industry. This study has aimed to investigate the effects of organizational motivation factors on employee job satisfaction, and their effects on organizational performance.
The results of forecasting container throughputs will be used to assist and plan the port operations, which include building new container terminals; formulating and executing operational plans and marketing strategies; and developing and improving financial and accounting processes.
This case study will enhance the understanding of the industry with regard to such events and also provide shareholders with information and opinions to enhance their decision-making processes. The authors use the time series empirical mode decomposition to visualize whether there are short- or long-term shocks to company performance in the wake of deviation events.
This paper proposes a new cooperation dimension across alliances on ECR for liners with headquarters in proximity. Fulfilling ad hoc empty container demand becomes possible and routine with strategic decision made timely among liners across alliances which pool-in certain amount of empty containers at agreed location on a pre-defined effective period. This critical period is measured by hours before any concerned vessel departs from the empty container surplus location where empty containers are available for repositioning. The closer working relationship could eventually be a good starting point for a mega liner formation by those collaborating liners bonded by the alliance agreement.
This paper focuses on improving the seaside operations of MCTs and proposed a novel MA with a deterministic parameter control to ensure efficiency of berth schedules by minimizing the total vessel service cost. Unlike published to-date berth scheduling studies that mostly rely on the stochastic search algorithms, the developed algorithm applied a local search heuristic for the chromosomes and population initialization and adjusted the mutation rate values based on a detergetic parameter control strategy.
This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of safety climate on the relationship between LMX and SOCB in the context of container terminal operators.
This study is the first to investigate the cold supply chain of the longline tuna fishery in Taiwan, and the results of this study can be used as a reference for the development of a cold supply system of the conventional and super freezer tuna fisheries.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of the Hong Kong maritime arbitration under the Arbitration Ordinance 2011. It will be of value to all those who are interested in maritime arbitration.
This paper provides an in-depth study of the impact of MLC Regulation 3.1, specifically on the layout design of the accommodation spaces, as this could affect the crew comfort and well-being on board.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the potential benefits of NSR for the ports of Shanghai and Kaohsiung.
This study contributes to the literature on MSO in Hong Kong by providing an in-depth analysis of MSO operations in the context of the changing operating environment. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers in the HKSAR Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and other stakeholders.
This study proposes a new framework capable of incorporating quantitative statistical measurement with BN in shipping financial risk estimation and prediction. A well-structured assessment of shipping performance can provide an early warning system (EWS) in reducing possible financial disturbances and enhancing long-term sustainability in the industry. By analysing international shipping firms, a better understanding of the effects of financial risk management across national boundaries and shipping segments can be obtained.
This is the first attempt to consider the practical and political feasibility of size limiting measures in the context of the container shipping industry. It is also the first time that size limits in shipping have been studied from the perspective of the tanker sector.
This paper addresses the challenges maritime firms face in adopting these new standards. Further it adds to the current literature in that there is a paucity of accounting standards and revenue recognition papers for shipping companies.
This paper is the first attempt to study the effects of eco-bulkers on the existing fleet of bulk carriers and to see if they are a threat to the old fleet.
This paper is the first of its kind to analyze the role of the Panama Canal in global shipping. It is also one of the first to provide an in-depth analysis of the new waterway expansion of the canal.
This paper is the first of its kind in Ghana and other landlocked countries to investigate the feasibility, characteristics, economic effects and challenges of implementing the dry port concept in Ghana.
This paper adds to the rather sparse literature on the internationalisation of individual shipping companies in liner shipping. It also refines the research question and introduces the study's specific approach. This paper updates and perhaps challenges McCalla et al.'s (2004) observation regarding greater conformity by asking whether the path towards internationalisation is a strategic pattern that is equally pursued by individual companies in the industry.
The influence of buyers and sellers on price formation is a new area of research within maritime economics. The impact of buyer and seller heterogeneity at the micro level (i.e. individual contracts) in the shipbuilding market has not yet been investigated. The purpose and contribution of this paper to the literature is to model the price formation for individual newbuilding contracts and assess the impact of yard and shipowner heterogeneity while controlling for other key variables such as shipyard experience and delivery lead time.
This study is one of the first to empirically investigate IMD issues in the Taiwan bulk shipping industry and identify the KSFs of IMD. The findings of this study can be used by the Taiwan shipping industry to improve the internationalization and internationalization of bulk shipping firms in the country.
The findings of this study contribute a scope of knowledge regarding the potential distraction factors which may exist and increase the number of adverse risks on board ships. Nevertheless, the potential factors of the distraction problem on seafarers basically are very dynamic and subjective in which they are depending on the current situation of a particular area of study and who are being involved in this study. The value of this paper is to have a systematic approach to determine and rank the parameters by using the systematic average mean value technique which is a straightforward method and can be applied in any circumstances.
The proposed hierarchical hub location problem is an extension of Yaman's (2009) model by introducing two types of hub ports, namely, regional hub ports and international hub ports. Furthermore, this paper introduces another port type, main port. In addition, the proposed model considers multimodal transportation, as well as time-definite deliveries.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes a model of IDEC for the hinterland of a port. By doing so, the authors expand the notions of Mittal (2008) by looking at this particular problem from a more realistic single-company point of view.
The contribution of this study to the state of the art is a novel mathematical model for allocation and scheduling of vessels at multiple terminals of the same port, taking into consideration the channel depth variations by time of day. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first continuous berth scheduling linear model that addresses the tidal effects on berth scheduling.
This is one of the first times in which this type of analysis has been applied in the cruise industry. This pioneering research in the study of cruise port competitive positions allows us to answer the following questions: Is the competitive position of a port affected by the configuration approach in itineraries? Which are the main competitive positions of Spanish cruise ports? Taking into account the changes of cruise traffic in ports, what is the main factors associated with each competitive position?
Previous studies have focused on Asian countries/regions as Singapore, Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea and so on. This paper would compare the UK's current logistics policy and its future development, including aspects of policy enablers and operation performance, which could provide some insight on Taiwan's logistics policy.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the performance of a container number recognition system in a gate automation system. The findings of this study can be used by terminal operators to improve the efficiency of their gate operations.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the determinants of work performance of seafarers in the context of the shipping industry. The results of this study will help shipping companies to understand the factors that influence the work performance and will help them to improve the performance of their seafarers.
This is the first time that the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom has considered the issue of collateral lies in the context of marine insurance.
The model forms a comprehensive evaluation basis for whether a cruise port should intensify its pursuit of homeport traffic, as it constitutes a methodological tool capable to quantify crucial internal and external port conditions which shape the homeporting potential of cruise ports within a competitive environment. Through the interpretation of results, critical implications are derived for both cruise port and local authorities.
This study is the first to empirically investigate the effects of institutional pressures on AMP practice and its consequence of environmental performance improvement. This study will help determine whether adopting these AMP practices is worth the effort of shipping companies and port corporations in terms of their environmental performance.
This paper will be of value to all those who are involved in sea carriage contracts, including bills of lading and charter-parties, to see whether the VGM requirement has been inserted into the contracts.
According to the authors' knowledge, the application of five-factor model (FFM) in logistics industry is simply not existing. This paper is the first attempt to apply FFM in the freight forwarding industry.
The research represents a ground-breaking study in several ways. While some studies analyze risk in container shipping companies from the perspective of the company, there is no research that includes the customer perspective as well. Furthermore, previous studies have focused on one or more operational risk factors from a single point of view; no study has inclusively examined the possible operational risks faced from a dual perspective of both the logistics service provider and its customers.
This study provides an empirically validated approach to identify crucial sustainability assessment criteria in the container port context and to ascertain whether differences exist between ports. The results of this study can provide useful information to government to establish criteria to enhance sustainable development.
This paper proposes two mixed integer non-integer non-linear mathematical models to assess the effect of introducing emission restrictions within ECAs. The objective of models is to minimize the total route service cost. Both mathematical models are linearized and then solved using a dynamic secant approximation procedure. Extensive numerical experiments are performed for the French Line 3 route, served by CMA CGM CGM liner shipping company and passing through ECAs through SOx and NOx emission restrictions.
The cruise shipping industry has been researched by many tourism researchers in past decades. However, the cruise shipping-related topics, which focus more on cruise ships, were somehow ignored in the past research works. This paper proposes some research opportunities on cruise shipping based on four planning problems, namely, cruise fleet management, cruise ship deployment, cruise itinerary design and cruise service planning.
This is the first review of the development of the seafaring profession in Hong Kong. The findings of this paper can be used by the Hong Kong Government and maritime organisations to make recommendations to attract more young people to become seafarers, especially for deck/engineer cadets.
This paper is the first attempt to review fundamental theories and practical challenges in the shipping asset management from the perspective of behavioural economics and medical science. It is also one of the first attempts to provide a comprehensive review of the current state of research in the field.
The paper contributes to the literature by quantitatively examining the market utility resulting from shifting truck traffic at deep-sea terminals from the daytime to the nighttime. The paper also provides a case study on the Israeli port of Haifa by examining the considerations affecting customers to shift transports to the night.
The development of this innovative system is anticipated to benefit port operators/owners, investors, shipping shipping companies, governments and society in terms of the economy, environmental, technological, operational and safety benefits. Also, the new container stacking/storage system enables container ports to increase container throughput without being limited by the need for more space.
Few researches have attempted to study critical success factors of ISFC, not to say to say in the case of Shanghai. This study seeks to identify and ascertain the critical success factor of an ISFC and apply the findings to Shanghai. The findings of this study will help Shanghai to improve its position as an IFC.
This study is the first to apply entropy and GRA to analyze the determinants of the banking sector's credit granting policy toward the yacht industry in Taiwan.
Although food containerization has been found very popular, coal containerization is still a novel thing and only found in China. After all, the price difference between container and bulk transport is supposed to be greatly large while the value of coal is relatively low. This paper will contribute to a better understanding of the operation mechanism ofcoal containerization, and more importantly help decision makers to take into consideration relevant factors and ascertain whether it can grow up to be an alternative transport mode between the north and south of China in the near future.
This paper proposes a coordinated control strategy for the HESS to eliminate the unbalanced voltage in a standalone AC microgrid. The proposed control strategy can also be used in the low-voltage (LV) islanded microgrid (MG) network to use LV energy storage devices as a backup power source for the renewable energy DR.
This paper proposes to combine empirical mode decomposition (EMD) and detrended fluctuation analysis (DFA) to eliminate the periodicity and noise in the process control system. The proposed method is able to identify the root cause of the oscillations in process control systems.
This paper is the first attempt to compare the accuracies of magnetizing current model, magnetic charge model and magnetic dipole-dipole model by comparison, which is valuable for choosing the most appropriate model to solve the problems on magnetic force calculation based on permanent magnets with different kinds of shapes.
The ADRC method has been widely used in many practical applications, such as mechanical systems, processing industries control, spacecraft systems and bionic systems. However, most modern control theory strategies based on the accurate mathematical model of a specific system generally remain in the theoretical design. Therefore, most of the research on control methods for robots has obtained abundant achievements, but the robustness of conventional sliding mode control (SMC) has not been studied or presented in the literature. This paper provides a new method for the tracking control of robot systems.
The main contributions of this paper lie in: before control design of TBM, the authors identify geological condition using k-nearest neighbor (KNN) method based on in situ data. The results will be utilized in the later optimization problem formulation, which will be used as objective function in later formulation of optimization problem. A multi-objective function is formulated for TBM control. Furthermore, the proposed methods can be able to make TBM be adapted to different geological conditions. A case study is illustrated to verify the effectiveness of proposed method based upon the data and parameters.
In this paper, a joint estimation method of SOC and SOH based on multi time scale EKF algorithm is proposed. The multi-scale algorithm estimator with high computational frequency and small computational frequency is designed, and the rationality of the algorithm is verified by simulation under working conditions.
In this paper, a new method for calculating POCF of multi-output nonlinear forced system has not been documented before. In addition, the proposed method can be used to calculate the observer canonical form of the system from the perspective of observable decomposition.
The key aspect of the study is that it permits us to see the impact of external debt on growth considering the economic policy, which is approximated by an MEP. This MEP is comprised of monetary policy, fiscal policy and trade policy. The constructed MEP using principal component analysis helps us to analyze the effectiveness of economic policies in using external debts. Therefore, external debt exhibits a negative but insignificant relationship with growth in the long run when this policy index is incorporated in the growth equation.
This study is a proposal of theoretic arguments that foresee PCs people with certain personality dimensions will create and how they will perceive contract breaches. Moreover, this study considers how PCs are associated with turnover intention. This research can help organizations to look into the personality phases for recruiting employees.
This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to examine the role of natural resources in economic growth using Granger causality test. The results of this study will be useful for the policy makers, policy makers and researchers.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first studies to explore the impact of a surprise component in the inventory announcement on the price movement and volatility of energy futures returns.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between financial literacy and behavioural biases of individual investors in the context of Pakistan stock exchange. The findings of this study will be useful for the financial institutions and policy makers to improve the financial literacy of the individual investors.
This study is the first of its kind in the context of Pakistan. This study will contribute to the theory in the future. The results of this study will be useful for the government and policymakers, as it will assist them to know the impact of oil prices on the stock market.
This paper contributes to the actual literature of competition degree in two ways. First, different to traditional papers, the authors assess the degree of competition in the Ecuadorian private banking sector using the bank size classification and take advantage of this issue since competition by size could be different because there is a banking specialisation in terms of size, levels of liquidity, risk and other indicators that are different from one group to another. Second, the robustness of the results using a scaled and unscaled equation using many controls and similar to Apergis et al. (2016), the authors use the panel-corrected standard error and feasible generalised least squares to contrast the value of H-statistic obtained by pooled ordinary least squares (POLS), fixed effects (FE) and random effects (RE).
The hybrid cluster analysis performed in this research resulted in two segmentations in Belawan Port, Dumai Port, Tanjung Pinang Port and in PT PELINDO I, in general. This develops the results of the questionnaire to become a representative reference in measuring the customer characteristics of PT Pelindo I.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the differential impact of monetary policy shocks on different sectors/components of aggregate demand using a policy simulation approach in India.
This paper contributes to the literature in three ways as follows: first, it investigates simultaneously the causality and the dynamic links between exchange rates and stock market indices. Second, given that the existing literature on the co-movements between stock index and currency markets of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South-Africa (BRICS) countries are comparatively limited, the authors attempt to identify in this paper the short- and long-term effect of US dollar on major stock market index of BRICS nations. Third, differently to previous studies, which used either, panel-fixed effects or random-effects model, this paper advances the existing Literature by applying a new methodology combining the panel generalized method of moments (GMM) model and the panel auto-regressive distributed lag (ARDL) method to investigate the existence of a causal short/long-run relationships and dynamic dependence among all stock market returns and exchanges rates changes ofBRICS countries.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the influence of female participation in the boardroom on the efficiency of intellectual capital as well as firm performance using 14 banks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, a comprehensive study of all environmental elements and their impact on DC has not been studied in the extant literature on DC until now. In this paper, the authors propose the Tourism Attractions-Basics-Context, A-B-CTABC model with its elements being indicators of DC.
This study links psychological research and a traditional modified basic model to investigate the influence of investor sentiment on market performance. Two dimensions of sentiment are examined: loss-aversion sentiment and overconfidence sentiment. For this end, the authors developed two panel data models that were administered to a sample of 154 US companies from two different sectors of real economic activities - the industrial sector and the service sector.
This study contributes to the existing literature on higher education quality by proposing and testing a model for assessing the quality of marketing-management education in terms of students' learning outcomes and the university's competitive positioning.
The paper contributes to the literature by addressing the relationship between tax burden and economic growth, globalization, employment, unemployment and the industrial production level. In addition, the effects of various macroeconomic components on the public sector and in particular on public expenditures are also examined especially in terms of the fiscal theory.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a shred of evidence from a dynamic heterogeneous panel threshold model for 15 major oil-exporting SSA countries over the period 1996-2017. The estimation technique is significant in exploring the threshold level of inflation rather than using a technique that does not embed a split-sample approach.
This study contributes to the existing literature by proposing a new conceptual model that links different mechanisms of GOV to innovation in the context of listed Moroccan companies. This study is the first to empirically test the proposed model and hypotheses using the partial least squares model.
This paper contributes to the existing literature on tax compliance by documenting that the adoption of an electronic tax system is a partial mediator in the relationship between attitude towards electronic tax systems and tax compliance in Uganda.
This paper suggests a paradigm shift, a multi-disciplinary approach called pensionomics: this "multi-disciplinary" focus builds a new analytical framework to evaluate pension's overall performance based on past work on pension evaluation, incorporating non-economic variables with significant impact on economic growth and social development. Pensions Consistency Index (PC-Index) introduces a comprehensive evaluation tool to study the coverage, performance, efficiency, effectiveness, current trends and future possibilities of pension schemes.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between job satisfaction, job embeddedness and turnover intent in the manufacturing industry in the Southeastern USA. Additionally, the results of this study show that job satisfaction and embeddedness are significant predictors of turnover intent.
This paper is the first to examine the Granger causal relationships between bond market development, stock market development and economic growth in the presence of two additional macroeconomic covariates: inflation rate and real interest rate.
This paper is one of the first studies to examine the associations between stock prices, inflation rates, interest rates, and real interest rates using quarterly data on non-financial firms listed in DJIA30 and NASDAQ100 for the period 1999-2016.
The results of this study allow to quantify the efficiency in the management of the resources during the analyzed period and, therefore, contribute to the design of strategies and policies that energize the behavior of the income dimension of the HDI.
The main contribution is related to the analysis of the cost of deviating from the optimal decisions chosen at the beginning of a sequence of payoffs. That is, when an individual maximizes discounted expected utility but later deviates (acting with untied hands), she will face a cost that will only depend on the intertemporal discount factor (d) and the present bias measure (b). The authors show this cost is the difference between the Tied Hands and Untied Hands models and they also compare both with the exponential discounting case.
This paper is the first attempt to explore the value of d for ARFIMA(p, d, q; P, Q) processes using both stock market prices and online search trends, trying to capture the behavior of, respectively, both shareholders in particular and stakeholders in general.
This research provides significant contribution to accounting literature and professionals alike in several important ways. First, this research focuses on small area of the IFRS convergence gradual process, rather than "full-frontal" adoption, that has been rarely been researched. Second, this study also focuses on the broader spectrum of accounting quality dimensions, including accruals quality, timely loss recognition, earnings smoothing and earnings persistence, by using random effects panel regression analyses and univariate statistics to compare accounting qualities in pre- vs post-IFRS convergence. Consequently, the authors are able to provide convincing evidence for whether stakeholders may get positive (or negative) consequences of financial accounting qualities due to IFRS converge.
The main contribution of this paper is the introduction of a more flexible alternative model to the one-stage constant growth model, where the value of the company is separated into three parts: invested capital, the cost of capital and the value created by growth. In this model, one discerns a different cost of investment for current and future investments.
The authors expand the pioneering contribution of Bouges et al. (2009) in several important directions. First, they triple the sample size of that study by examining 18 years of data instead of the 6 years considered by the authors. The sample period thus includes recent significant financial events such as the 2007/2008 financial crisis, which may have altered the dynamics of the market prices under scrutiny. Moreover, having a larger sample is important as it will likely lead to more robust results, i.e. results less sensitive to period-specific features in the data. Second, the authors examine the price seasonality in four different ADRs and not only in the S&P ADR. The inclusion of ADRs with different characteristics is important in that it allows us to draw comparisons between the differential price dynamics arising in developed market-based ADR and in those ADRs whose underlying securities are traded in emerging markets. Third, they are the first to test in the ADR market the existence of seasonality
This study is the first of its kind to link board role performance and isomorphic forces to internet financial reporting adoption in Uganda.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, there has not been any study analyzing the cost of trading in Peru and assessing the convenience of the TC structure applied on the BVL. Also, as a by-product of the analysis, the authors corroborate some empirical regularities like that TC are higher for portfolios composed of small market capitalizations stocks, holding period helps dilute entry and exit costs and active trading strategies are subject to higher TC.
The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to explore the dynamics of deception, morality and self-regeneration in decentralized markets using a straightforward and comprehensive model.
The study provides evidence that USH was a poor financial performer with millions of losses and a low average of 30,895,95, but very successful in asset accumulation and revenue generation. However, USH still faces the problem of how to use its assets for revenue generation and improvement. The study provides empirical evidence that improving overall financial performance requires extraordinary managerial capabilities based on sound organizational policies directed at prudent financial practices.
The originality of this paper is the use of a modified version of the Delone and McLean model and the Seddon model to measure the impact of a BIS, applied to a real BIS used by "real" professionals of IT in a real situation of several Peruvian companies using that system. An additional point to review is the construct System Use, that is a construct that has not been performing well in these Information System Success models.
The contribution of this paper is that it explored the determinants of banks' profitability in developing and underdeveloped OIC countries, especially there is a lack of cross-country studies that investigated banks'profitability in those countries using a sample of all conventional commercial banks operating in 52 countries, members in OIC, for a long period (20 years). Another motivation is that there is no study before this that examined the determinates of banks profitability in the OIC Countries using a Sample of all banks operating on those countries.
This study contributes to the literature on the factors that affect ICT adoption by SME leaders as a business strategy to increase profitability and compete globally within SMEs in Lagos, Nigeria.
This is one of the first attempts to investigate the impact of elections on the performance of banks in Ghana. The use of recent data from 2012-2016, and covering two election years, is also an important contribution.
This study is the first of its kind to empirically investigate the volatility spillover between China and Southeast Asian countries. The results of this study will be useful for investors, financial institutions and governments to understand the interrelations of equity market volatility in the region.
This is the first study of co-authorship networks in the field of Economics in Argentina. It is also one of the first studies to study the evolution of coauthorship as a way of collaborative endeavor and its influence in the academic production in the country.
This paper contributes to the debate about the relationship between innovation and performance in SMEs in emerging markets through the survey analysis carried out in Colombia.
Very few studies that have examined the finance and growth relationship in BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) have barely studied the impact of banking sector and stock market development on economic growth separately. Against this backdrop, the present paper endeavors to investigate the relationship between financial development and growth for a panel of five major emerging economies (BRICS) during 1993 to 2014.
Very few studies look at the relationship between the income earned and investor behaviour in terms of the biases exhibited. This study attempts to fill the gap in the existing literature by testing the relationship of the income with the behavioural biases.
This paper contributes to the literature by examining the long-run impact of institutional stability on FDI in the Canadian economy by applying the ARDL cointegration approach. The findings of this paper are cointegrated, indicating that there is a long run theoretical relationship between them.
This paper illustrates the application of data mining techniques to determine the conditional probability of a borrower belonging to a class (bankrupt or non-bankrupt) using the decision tree model. The findings from this study are useful for various parties to make decisions.
To the best of the author's knowledge, this is the unique investigation on Bangladesh. The findings from Bangladesh will contribute to the existing literature significantly and will be effective for the other countries with a similar culture.
The study adds to the existing literature on labour hoarding by estimating a dynamic labour demand equation for two industries -manufacturing and financial services in Malta. Malta is an interesting case because over the past decade, particularly during the economic crisis, over the period 2009-2009, many companies in manufacturing, which because of a slump in demand were planning to shed their workforce. Therefore, labour hoards can be at large the result of state intervention to mitigate the situation and avoid upheavals during the crisis.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of governance practices on the performance of South Asian MFIs. The authors study the different dimensions of MFIs' governance (such as chief executive officer [CEO] duality, board size, female CEO, urban market, bank regulation and individual lending) to investigate how they influence the financial and social performance.
This study is an attempt to investigate the validity of CAPM, Fama and French three-factor model and the presence of market timing in the emerging stock market of Pakistan. In reference to Pakistan, only few studies have been carried out, in which most of the studies investigate mutual funds and small sample period. In contrast, this study is the first of its kind in Pakistan, which is an emerging economy.
This study extends previous research by including the relationship between other types of shareholders on earnings management. Specifically, this research will include the influence of institutional and other relevant blockholders on earnings Management. It can be expected that in Mexico, given an emerging capital market where corporate government regulations are still in an evolving stage, the influences of some shareholders on the firm's decision-making processes is still limited.
This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the impact of monetary policy on Islamic bank financing behaviour while taking into consideration bank-specific characteristics. The results obtained from pooled panel estimation allow the authors to make several significant conclusions on the Islamic financing behaviour within a dual banking system.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the factors that affect business innovation performance, particularly in start-ups. The empirical application is performed in Costa Rica, whose economy mainly comprises small and micro businesses; therefore, it is also expected to provide a contribution from that perspective.
The results of Flurry and Burns (2005) are not supported in this international context. Additionally, taking as external dependent variable the influence in purchasing of a toy, crossing it with the four dimensions, this variable correlated principally with the passive social power, ESP and LSP. Thus, the authors can say that social power has the two significant dimensions for the present study.
Este articulo podria aportar a la literatura sobre earnings management en America Latina, a pesar of su rol relevante en la economia global.
This is the first paper that presents a bibliometric analysis of VC research over a period of 25 years by using bibliometrics indicators.
Este estudio pretende contribuir a la literatura y al desarrollo del mercado accionario colombiano, con informacion relevante para una mejor comprension de la actividad bursatil, su comportamiento en el tiempo y las variables que la determinan. Consideramos que el principal aporte de this estudIO es el analisis de la variable de actividatil del mercados accionarios colombian, medida como valor transado, numero de operaciones y rotacion.
To the best of the knowledge, no study has examined gold prices in Saudi Arabia yet. The authors performed an analysis to study the factors influencing gold prices by collecting monthly data on gold prices and other factors over the period of 2011 to 2015. Although the hedge factors are expected to be expected to influence gold prices as in other countries, this work may not be relevant elsewhere and has previously been overlooked in the literature. Saudi Arabians buy gold not just for investment but also for personal reasons, to use it as a luxury good.
This is the first study to use panel unit root tests to test whether the health-care price inflation rate is stationary at the aggregate and urban levels in the USA.
This is the first study to use the nonlinear gray Bernoulli model to predict abnormal stock returns using the Nash nonlinear model.
The study provides useful tools for the analysis of how a banking structure joined to quality institutions affects corporate decision-making in opposite ways, and this is relevant for the adoption of government and private policies that seek the maturity of short- and long-term debt, according to the objective.
The paper presenta un modelo insumo-producto de impacto a corto plazo sobre la ciudad de Santiago de Cali y su area metropolitana (AM).
This paper addresses the need to examine systemic defects in the system by focusing on the financial system as a whole, and the multifaceted relationships among key players in the securitization food chain. The study also address the need for consolidation in ethics research by applying common conceptual frames across industry, government, media and academic sectors.
The contribution of the study is two-fold. First, it improves international empirical evidence with an in-depth analysis of the Portuguese stock market over the period 1988-2013. Second, it proposes and compares two alternative implications of liquidity in asset pricing. More precisely, the authors adapt the liquidity-adjusted capital asset pricing model (CAPM) proposed by Acharya and Pedersen (2005) for the Portuguese case and suggest two alternative specifications of a liquidity- adjusted CAPM, to separate and compare the effects of liquidity and liquidity risk in asset Pricing.
The main contribution of this paper is to study the performance of the recognition heuristic in the financial markets and to contribute to the knowledge in this field. Although many authors have already studied this heuristic when applied to financial markets, there is a lack of consensus in the literature. The three main papers from the authors referred to were mainly applied to the US and German markets, apart from Andersson and Rakow (2007) who extended their analysis to a few other European economies. In this sense, it was valuable to study this concept in the European market.
The findings from this paper will offer a new perspective for the composition of composite multiples models in emerging markets and in South Africa, in particular. It is hoped that the findings from the study will offer new insights into the valuation performance of equity-based composite models.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses a naive Bayesian classifier methodology to assess the credit risk of a Tunisian commercial bank. The results of this study can be used by banks to develop prediction models that can serve as very early warning signals for counterparty defaults.
One contribution of this paper is that it assesses the flexibility of the illegal population to move as a response to the dynamics of the legislation. This feature offers a wider perspective to study state-level legislation, by allowing the estimation of its impact on the labor supply not included in the formal sector and also on the population not looking for a job.
The originalidad de this paper es que, en el escenario de la nueva economia, ha tomado fuerza, desarrollandose una n new corriente con el objeto de buscar comportamientos complejos en los mercados bursatiles, y, en este sentido, posibilitar unaNueva configuracion de las herramientas que permitan predecir el comportmiento de los rendimientos futuros de los activos.
This study is one of the first to analyse the capital structure management differences in Latin American and US firms after the 2008 crisis. The results of this study contribute to the existing literature by providing empirical evidence on the determinants of capital structure in emerging markets, which are characterized by controls and institutional constraints.
This is the first study that examines the relationship between energy consumption and economic growth in net energy-importing countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of energy procurement in order to achieve sustainable economic growth.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to investigate the behavior of interbank interest rates in developed and emerging countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers to determine the appropriate monetary policy measures to minimize the impact of the financial crisis.
This paper proposes an intelligent recognition algorithm based on SST to recognize the locus pattern of railway wagon flow locus based on the historical data of wagon routing in the railway network and forecast the railway wagon routing locus patterns.
This paper analyzed all the possible factors influencing on bird nesting on railway catenary lines, with obtained one year's Shanghai region railway operation events data from Shanghai Railway Bureau and geographic data from the internet, to find out which factors had a statistically significant impact on probability of bird nesting and the characteristics of nesting events. Then, delay stochastic models were built to illustrate the influence quantitatively of the bird nesting events on the delay of railway operation for normal-speed and high-speed railway.
This paper proposes a new method to identify critical elements of the CRH2 train system from the perspective of complex network theory. The proposed method can support the identification of system-level critical elements in high-speed railway systems, which is conducive to maintaining the safety and reliability of the system during the design stage.
This study will help to reduce the traffic congestion caused by e-taxi and will make sure a smooth traffic system. Another thing is that it will reduce the risk of accidents which happen frequently due to the parking of e- Taxis on the road and mainly at the time of load and unload of passengers.
In the aspect of extended value-added services for freight transportation, this paper innovatively designs the supply chain financial platform of freight transportation industry integrating blockchain technology and analyzes its business model, technical system, risk management and control system and value system in detail, which will provide technical support for the innovative reform of freight information technology and realize the stable and high-speed development of freight logistics informationization.
The main contributions of this paper consist of threefold. First, an integer linear programming model for real-time freight heavy-haul train timetable rescheduling problem is developed in case of disrupted situations. The second contribution is related to dispatching measures. Re-timing and re-ordering are integrated into this model and two objective functions are considered in the proposed model. Third, a real-world experiment based on the Haolebaoji-Ji'an freightheavy-haul railway is tested to test the developed model. The results of all disrupted cases are obtained in real time. Moreover, the results give insight into that the consecutive delays are more than the total final delays when the same disrupted situation, and the consecutive or totalfinal delays increase as the primary delays increase.
The main contributions are threefold: the approach taken is based on spatial models considering spatial autocorrelation of variables, which outperform the traditional global regression model in terms of model fitting and spatial explanatory power; the difference between global feature selection and local feature selection is discussed; and network structures as a type of factors are quantified with the measurements in measurements in Shenzhen metro.
This study is the first attempt to model and simulate the lane-changing behaviors of vehicle groups in upstream segment of ramp areas under a connected vehicle environment. The proposed model and simulation model can be used to improve the efficiency and speed of vehicle group lane- changing behaviors in ramp bottleneck areas. The simulation results can be useful for the design and implementation of an information transmission mechanism that can realize driving safety and traffic flow smoothness under aconnected vehicle environment in China.
The proposed unit train make-up scheme for loaded direction in the heavy haul railway is the first of its kind to consider the special characteristics of the heavyhaul railway and make a feasible unit train making-up schemes in loaded direction with the limited capacity of heavy haul corridor to minimize actual train idling period between arrival time and expected train arrival time.
This study proposes a six-dimensional model for supply chain sustainability risk analysis in telecommunication networks. The proposed model can be used by telecommunication companies to assess the impact of multiple failure modes on the sustainability of their networks.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first of its kind to identify and prioritize the issues of IFPRS implementation for a CE by adopting the fuzzy VIKOR technique. The results of this study can be used by the organizations to improve their competitive edge and frame their business position.
The study provides a low-cost, easily integrable, practical method to the strategy of industry professionals to grow their business and obtain a competitive advantage. The fact that this study focusses on round-the-clock convenience stores also enhances the originality of this research. In the past, researchers have focussed more on exact estimations rather than fuzzy environment.
This is a conceptual article blended with a practical approach aiming to propose guidelines for managers and scholars on how to address supply chain management challenges after the coronavirus pandemic.
This study is one of the first systematic literature review in sustainable operations and tries to establish the importance of CFP in sustainable supply chain management. It answers how organizations develop sustainable supply chains to reduce the CFP. The study recognizes the implementation of carbon regulation as an essential tool by organizations to achieve sustainable growth. This study also discusses different existing quantitative and qualitative modeling approaches, which helped achieve a sustainable supply network by reducing CFP, which help future researchers.
The findings of this study can serve as a guide for these huge number of retailers to manage their supply side to ensure supply resilience. The findings are expected to assist retailers in obtaining the regular product from suppliers, thereby maintaining flawless product delivery to mass people.
The study is the first of its kind to address the SSC network design problem in the Indian agro-supply chain. The study is also the first to propose a mathematical model to minimize the costs related with transportation and carbon emissions via centralized planning for the movement of food grains.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, the resilient supply chain PIs have not been modeled yet to better understand the relationships among them. Therefore, integrating fuzzy DEMATEL with SD helps to construct more robust models. Moreover, this study has developed a model for predicting the resilience level of the supply chain.
This study makes three major contributions. First, this is one of the first works to provide a conceptual understanding of green supplier satisfaction and a comprehensive appraisal model to evaluate it. The second contribution is in developing an effective framework for green suppliers' satisfaction, incorporating various measures from environmental perspective. Third, a hybrid uncertainty decision method is introduced, by integrating analytic hierarchy process and IET and entropy technique for order preference by similarity to an ideal solution (TOPSIS).
This study contributes to the supply chain risk management literature by investigating the relationships between logistics innovation capability and supply chain risks in the Industry 4.0 era. The findings of this study may help the researchers and practitioners to understand the impacts of logistics innovation capabilities on the supply chains risks.
This study is the first attempt to develop the scale of talent dimensions of the first 4PL service providers in Turkey. In addition, this study is one of the few studies in the literature on the role of 4PL as a mediator in the relationship between supply chain agility and firm performance.
This paper is the first systematic literature review on uncertainties in cross-docking operations. The paper identifies the sources of uncertainty and their components and classifies them according to their locations of occurrence. The identified uncertainties can be used as a basis for future research.
To the best of authors' knowledge, no study has reviewed and evaluated the subject area of Halal using bibliometric and network analysis techniques. Therefore, to address this gap, this paper reviews the available literature in the broad area ofHalal dating back to the year 2006; identifies top contributing authors, countries, affiliations, journals, primary keywords, citations and PageRank; identifies influential research; and suggests future research direction related to different sub-research areas.
Existing research paid less attention to integrated models that consider both environmental and economic objectives on logistics facility environmental level option decisions and transportation activities under uncertain demand. In this study, a biobjective MIP of CLSC-related optimization problems is discussed to contribute to the stream of related research. Considering uncertain factors can make the proposed model more practical.
This study is one of the first to apply the modern supply chain system in China. The results of the comparative analysis and the application of the results in the comparison of China's comparative advantage in the manufacturing of high value-added products are clearly clarified. This study is also the first attempt to analyze the comparative advantage of the supply chain in China from the perspective of scale effect and agglomeration effect.
While several researchers have pursued auction models in SCM separately, less attention has been paid to auction mechanism with modern supply chain issues. In this paper, by introducing the auction mechanism, the authors aim to realize the following three functions. First is price mining: auction is an open mechanism with multiple participants. Every bid is based on its assessment of targeted products or services. Everyone has his own utility and purchasing ability. So, the final price reflects the market value of the auction. Second is dynamic supply chain construction: through auction, the firm can find appropriate partners efficiently. Most of the time auctions are one-time transactions. But if two firms cooperate well in supply chain, they can continue this relationship. If one of parties is dissatisfactory, then a new auction can be held to find a new partner. Third is resources integration: in business practices, especially in modern auctions, auctioneers can integrate resources and ally buyers or sellers to gain more efficiency in auctions.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of post-harvest mechanical damage on the cosmetic quality of bananas across the SC. The results of the study will assist the banana growers and the retail industry in identifying the causes of fruit damage and the risk factors for damage.
This paper presents a comprehensive review of the literature to evaluate the performance of the RL process based on the three dimensions of sustainability including environmental, economic and social aspects. The findings of the review show that when RL is investigated in the context of green supply chain management, it is studied as a single factor without considering the relationship between the various RL processes and ignoring the different disposition options and their possible performance outcomes. Also, the social aspect of sustainability has been largely overlooked.
This study is the first attempt to review the extant literature of SSCM from the perspective of behavioural operations in order to identify the gaps in the research and agendas for future research, thereby facilitating the understanding of the development and potential of this research area.
This paper provides a three-step approach for companies to determine actions for greening their supply chains. To being with, companies need to understand the life cycle characteristics of their products and the required GSCM practices to reduce their environmental burden. Doing so helps them to identify major supply chain environmental burden causation activities.
This study is the first of its kind to address the issues like antecedents, practices and outcomes of SCM with respect to Bangladeshi firms. The findings of this study provide support for the validity of the causal relationship stated in the hypotheses.
This study is the first attempt to develop an intelligent site selection system for bricks-and-mortar stores. The proposed system can be used to select the most suitable location for a retail store in terms of both cost and convenience. It can also be used as a decision support system to improve the performance of a selected location.
This study contributes to the literature by proposing a new approach to define and measure environmental accounting for the CE in businesses, which is based on the dynamic capabilities framework. It is the first to analyze the relationship between dynamic capabilities and environmental accounting in the context of CE.
- This paper demonstrates the importance of linguistic analysis and how the interactions between political rhetoric and the progress of a country can be investigated. Big data is an effective means to do so and much research can be done under the same framework as this paper so as to encourage a growth in knowledge on the nature of global powers.
This study is the first of its kind to review the strategic planning process in the Hong Kong Police Force using the 3-H framework. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other police organisations to adopt a holistic approach to achieve their strategic goals and achieve their desired outcomes.
The Japanese experience has shown that a kind of Community-based Integrated Care System is essential, particularly to be considered from the perspective of health care users. As a super-aged society, it is critical for Japan to have more consensus to further remove potential obstacles, paying attention to the change of paradigm and the purpose of care.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of AI on the Ayushman Bharat scheme in India. It is also the first attempt to explore the role of AI in the health protection scheme in rural India.
This paper is the first of its kind in the context of PPPs for achieving SDGs in urban areas in Bangladesh. The case study of Khulna, Bangladesh is also unique in terms of its focus on urban development in a developing country.
This paper is a case study, using desakota technopole theory as its framework, supported by interviews and document analysis. In addition, the governance and administrative processes of the Palembang LRT project, how national infrastructure policy acts as a key driver, who are the key policy actors, and the results of the project are discussed.
This study contributes to the literature on PP by providing the Nigerian experience on stakeholders' perspectives on PP in a developing country. This study therefore evaluates the effectiveness of PP, identifies the constraints and facilitators to effective participatory planning, and identifies areas of possible improvement.
- This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the role of red-tapism in public sector organizations and its impact on the economy of Punjab.
This paper contributes to the understanding of civil service reforms in Hong Kong and Thailand. It highlights that there is no single path to successful reforms. The two cases help strengthen the argument that despite designing reforms with similar goals, additional factors such as traditional, societal and political forces result in the adoption of different strategies.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the operationalising obstacles, procrastinated progress, and barriers to the implementation of federalism in a developing country context.
This is the first study to analyze the extent to which the Nepalese Civil Service has become more representative and responsive since the Civil Service Act of 2007.
This is the first paper to explore the phenomenon of surrogacy-led migration in the context of fertility migration. The paper provides insights into the policy dilemmas that countries are facing in order to regulate surrogacy. It also provides a conceptual framework for future research.
- This paper adopts the 'social engineering model' to reflect on the policies and programs implemented by the UAE Government. It provides an insight into the underlying contextual factors, policies and program, the outcomes and the challenges.
This is the first attempt to examine the contemporary governance and administration crisis in Sri Lanka using a mixed-method approach. The paper contributes to the existing literature by providing a comprehensive analysis of the contemporary trends and crises in governance and its impact on institutional quality.
This study fills the dearth in research by examining the determinants and convergence of government effectiveness in Africa and Asia. The existing literature has not explored the possibility of convergence among African and Asian countries.
This article provides a comparative analysis of how the six governments have dealt with these scandals and identifies the three lessons for combating corruption in other countries.
This is one of the first papers to analyze constitutional corruption in India, which is the largest working democracy in the world. It is the first of its kind in the Indian context.
This article is the first to examine the meaning of sontaku in Japanese politics and the scandals that have affected the Abe administration.
This paper compares and contrasts these two corruption scandals to contribute to the literature on combating corruption in Macau. This paper also contributes to the understanding of the political context of the two scandals, which are quite different from each other.
The paper examines the various corrupt practices in the 1MDB scandal and explains why they occurred focusing on political control and the lack of proper surveillance and accountability, with consideration given to the lessons that can be learnt from the scandal.
This paper contributes to the understanding of grand corruption scandals in government-initiated projects involving foreign government and corporate entities in the Philippines.
This paper provides an insight into the effectiveness of Singapore's policy of zero tolerance for corruption and the CPIB's impartial enforcement and punishment of all offenders, regardless of their status, position or political affiliation, which is reflected in Singapore's status as the least corrupt Asian country on the Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index from 1995 to 2019.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the current political crisis in Hong Kong from the perspective of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
- The paper provides an insight into the current political crisis in Hong Kong, which is of value to all those who are interested in the governance of the Hong Kong SAR.
This paper is the first attempt to investigate the crisis responses in public hospitals in Hong Kong. It is also one of the first attempts to apply the public relation theory in the context of public hospitals.
This paper provides a case study approach to describe a new innovative attempt to commission and fund primary health care in Australia. It provides an insider's perspective of the development of a new PHN.
This study is one of the first to examine the differences among the different low-income groups, such as marginal families and families entitled to Basic Living Allowance in China. The findings of this study will help policy makers and researchers to better understand the impact of social welfare system on the employment status of the poor in urban China.
The findings of this study could provide economic evidence for understanding the burden of CKD and evaluating different treatment of CKd (dialysis therapy) in China. Such useful information could also be used by policy makers in health insurance program evaluation and health resources allocation. This study has important policy implications for reducing the costs of hospitalization for CKD patients and improving the health insurance system in China, especially under the pressure of the rapid growth of the elderly population.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide an in-depth analysis of the challenges and opportunities for the development of women entrepreneurship in Jamaica. The findings of this paper will be of value to the Jamaican government, other IOs, international donors and other stakeholders.
This study is the first of its kind to review arts inclusion policies from an international perspective. It is also one of the first to review the policy-making process through the lens of administrative structures - which differ significantly across governments: some adopt an inter-sectoral approach while others prefer tasking tasking.
This paper is the first attempt to explore the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area as a new development opportunity for Hong Kong.
The briefing saves busy executives and researchers hours of reading time by selecting only the very best, most pertinent information and presenting it in a condensed and easy-to-digest format.
This study is the first attempt to develop and validate a scale for measuring perceived bureaucratic readiness for smart city initiatives in Indonesia's local government bureaucracy.
This study is one of the first of its kind in Bangladesh to examine the role of women's participation in the UP in terms of empowerment through participation in local governance. The findings of this study will be useful for the local government officials and policy makers to understand the factors that influence women participation in UP. The study will also contribute to the existing literature on women's empowerment in the context of decentralized governance.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effectiveness of the 6As Positive Parenting Program in Hong Kong. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for parents to improve their parenting style and provide a suitable environment for their children's academic performance.
This paper is the first of its kind in Hong Kong to study the experience from other countries' measures on handling less than 24 weeks' abortuses as well as services provided for their parents. The recommendations can be applied to Hong Kong's situation.
This paper is the first to propose a method for measuring and monitoring human trafficking in the context of the SDGs and its transformative agenda.
This is the first attempt to make a kind of more balanced reevaluation of having authoritarian governance in a polity. Since the duo have become historical figures, it is timely to reascertain their achievements, i.e., the room of establishing a good government under authoritarian leadership in the East, but not just focusing on their controversies and errors as overemphasized in the past.
This study is the first of its kind in Hong Kong to examine the waiting time in public hospitals in the context of total joint replacement. The findings of this study can be used as a guideline for other hospitals to improve the service delivery system in the local healthcare system.
The original purpose of this research was to introduce a new quantitative measurement tool such as emWave Pro Plus in the workplace and compare HRV results with two other sets of quantitative self-reported measurements of stress. This research has looked at the effects of Hong Kong employees' workplace stress on HRV.
This paper adds a literature of using 3-H factor with the principles of Kotter's change model. It finds that proactively communicating the company vision with employees may lead to positive and negative motivation that influences the performance of a local broadband service company. The implications of the case study to public sector organizations include talent development and empowerment that can have a positive impact on innovative work behavior. Some public organizations may face a difficulty in balancing standard operation procedure and empowerment.
This paper is the first to identify and analyse the secrets of Singapore's success. It is also one of the few papers that analyse Singapore's policy context from 1959 to 2016. The paper also provides a useful guide for policy makers in other countries to apply Singapore's secrets of success to the solution of their problems.
This paper is about harmonizing environmental principles and about synergies among countries to reduce the effect of environmental hazards. It does not attempt a political analysis but takes a broad exploratory and interpretive approach in considering the issues. It attempts to identify solutions to offset regulatory and institutional barriers in achieving preferred results.
This paper describes the progress of the Thai health system over recent decades. It demonstrates a variety of progressive initiatives within a case study example that have been timely and innovative. The current initiative is to progress an across sector approach to PHC at the DHS level. This innovative measure is well supported by the health system at both the policy and local levels.
This is the first study to investigate the acceptance of the scheme at the macro-level, based on secondary data, as well as first-hand data collected from Hong Kong students and administrators in Mainland universities.
This is the first attempt to compare the views of stakeholders in the education industry on this controversial educational policy in Assessment for Learning in Hong Kong. The findings of this study would be useful for the government and school management to make a better decision on the implementation of TSA in the future.
This study is the first to examine the impact of a short-term education abroad program on intercultural learning and cross-cultural adaptability skills of university undergraduates in the USA.
This study is one of the first studies to examine the unbalanced mobility scheme between Taiwan and NSPC after the implementation of the New Southbound Policy. The findings of this study shed light on the Taiwanese government's internationalization policy targeting NSPCs. The results of the study can be used as a stepping stone to promote regional talent circulation.
This is the first attempt to analyze the relationship between the quality of university education and the management of student flows in light of the main foundations of the Bologna Process in Algeria.
The case study is based on one five-year MOST-NSF Partnerships for International Research and Education (PIRE) project titled "Building Extreme Weather Resiliency and Global Community Resiliencies Through Improved Weather and Climate Prediction and Emergency Response Strategies" that began in 2015 with the financial support of the National Science Foundation in the United States and the Ministry of Science and Technology in Taiwan jointly. It involves more than 11 universities and research institutes from Taiwan and the USA with around 30 American and Taiwanese scholars to investigate extreme weather resiliency through improved weather prediction and emergency response strategies. There are two major aims of the project: to enhance high-level research connection between Taiwan and US scholars; the other one is to develop a joint and dual degree program between participating institutions after the end of the research project.
This paper adds to the understanding of entrepreneurial OC in universities through a review of literature and a survey of 205 higher education practitioners. The results of this study show a split decision in the choice of respondent's universities' best fit cultural type, which potentially has far reaching implications for university governance and leadership.
This paper is the first attempt to analyse the development of accreditation in Russia in the sphere of higher education over a 20-year period.
This paper offers an overview of the key features of the TNE regulatory landscape in four key sending countries, the UK, Australia, the USA and Germany, and four key receiving locations, China, Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore. This will help appreciating how the way ahead to achieve progress in internationalising the quality assurance of TNE will need to rest in strengthened cross-border cooperation between agencies operating within different regulatory frameworks, rather than hoping to develop an internationally shared framework.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of change leadership on staff organizational citizenship behavior in the context of higher education institutions in Malaysia.
The results of the study provide valuable strategic information for the university academics and administrators about the affecting factors on student satisfaction and loyalty.
This is one of the first studies to examine the gap between competence and importance of employability skills in the context of vocational colleges in Malaysia.
Most literature on instrument development and deployment focuses on the composition and related validity of an instrument. As institutions develop assessment methods, instrument items have undergone scrutiny as they relate to a number of variables, generally categorized as administrative, course, instructor and student aspects. A focus on the instrument itself, and how transferable the validity of the tool is to student understanding of what it intends to measure, has been minimal.
This study contributes to the e-learning literature with an instrument providing information to the courses developers and distance educators to create a good an efficient assessments method. The questionnaires provide information in order to create an understanding of the students' perceptions associated with the assessment method used in e- learning systems.
This paper is the first attempt to examine the changing pattern of ISM by reviewing relevant government policies and employing second-hand analysis within the hierarchy of higher education in China.
The paper offers a new perspective on the role of legitimacy in the development of external quality assurance. It demonstrates how legitimacy is a key issue for the functioning and role of EQA, but that such legitimacy may be obtained in different ways and forms. The key argument is that while EQA and the agencies responsible for this activity are facing a future implying potential dramatic changes in their set-up and responsibilities, the future also offers quite different scenarios as to how the tasks associated with EQA will be organized.
This paper is the first to provide a comprehensive literature review on SETs in Taiwan. The findings of this paper can be used by higher education institutions in Taiwan and elsewhere to develop more effective SETs. In addition, the findings of the current paper can also be used as a basis for developing more appropriate evaluation tools for other institutions.
This is one of the first studies to examine the extent to which there is divergence between parents' and their children's perceptions of education and work in East Asian cultures.
This is the first study to compare the restructuring of QA frameworks in Japan and Taiwan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other QA agencies in developing their own restructuring frameworks.
This paper contributes to the literature on internationalisation of education in the world and Asian countries, yet previous studies mainly explored transnational/cross-border education as a form of internationalisation. Scant research has been conducted on the internationalisation features embedded in local programmes in non-English-speaking countries like Vietnam, particularly in training programmes to provide training to tourism graduates with intercultural and global competencies.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between service quality and satisfaction among graduating students of a higher education institution (HEI) in Ghana. The findings of this study will, therefore, contribute to the body of knowledge in the field of higher education management.
The APQR is an important measure to promote the internationalization of HE in the Asia-Pacific region, and it is convenient for the governments, HEIs and all the stakeholders to identify the credibility and professionalism of all kinds of countless QAAs, and thus will have a significant impact on the development of HE. On the basis of the existing research results of the QAA mechanism of the international, national, HEI, professional and the third-party QAA, the initiative of this paper, by opening a new road for itself, focuses on the registration system of regional and international QAas, aiming to further enrich the accreditation and registration theory of the quality assurance of higher education.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the role of the leading universities in ASEAN in intra- and inter-regional collaboration and cooperation in HE development. It is axiomatic to expect the premier public universities in each of the ASEan countries to spearhead collaborative and cooperative projects related to HE.
The experience of Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications (HKCAAVQ) as an external QA agency in carrying out two cross-border exercises in Macao can serve as a reference for higher education institutions (HEIs) or QA agencies in other countries/regions planning to engage in cross- border QA.
This study contributes to the understanding of regionalisation in higher education in the Philippines, which is an under-researched area of research. The findings of this study also contribute to the body of knowledge on regionalisation and internationalisation in the context of higher education.
This paper provides a new perspective on the role of IR and its role in meeting the needs of both internal and external stakeholders in higher education.
This study is one of the first to compare and contrast the student mobility programs in SEAMEO-RIHED, UMAP, and CAMPUS Asia in terms of regulation, challenges, and impacts on higher education regionalization in Asia. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research in the area of regionalization of higher education.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the hybridization of Malaysian universities in terms of characteristics emerging from interaction between Western academic models and traditional and local cultures. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research on the development of Asian universities.
This study is the first attempt to develop the CAVS to measure undergraduates' college-attendance values of why they attend college. The CAVS is a useful tool for college administrators to learn about the values undergraduates hold, and then to tailor college-learning experiences to the needs of undergraduates, which may constitute evidence for the relative institutional effectiveness.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to investigate the shaping effect of the Internet on China's economic geography. It is also one of the first attempts to analyse the effects of micromechanisms and macro effects in the context of economic geography in China.
Although the corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted China's economic development, it will not change the fact that China'seconomic fundamentals remain favourable for long-term growth. Factor input, structural optimization and institutional reform, which determine the fundamentals of China's economy, will actively prop up long- term, sustained and stable growth of the Chinese economy and keep China's potential economic growth rate stabilized within a reasonable growth range in the long term.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it shows that adherence to and inheritance, creative transformation and innovative development of the theoretical achievements of capital are an essential and necessary way to build a theoretical system of political economics with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Marxist political economics.
The development theory in political economy should not only proceed from reality but also reflect the features of China's system. The development concepts are the concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing proposed by Xi.
- The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it attempts to develop the analytical approach of Shi Zhengfu and Steven Ng-Sheong Cheung based on a Marxist framework, for which we introduce David Harvey's concept of class-monopoly rent and apply it to the analysis of land public finance, i.e. China's local governments' investment in the built environment.
This paper contributes to the understanding of market rationality, government rationality and their limitations. The key to the success of China's economic transition lies not in an "authoritarian government" but in the adherence to the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the socialist orientation in development. This is not only what makes "China's experience" unique but also what many emerging market economies find difficult to replicate.
- The paper provides a historical account of the development of China's foreign exchange market, which can be used as a reference for other developing countries to learn from.
- This paper provides a comprehensive overview of China's structural changes and economic growth over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up. It provides useful information for policy makers and researchers.
- This paper can fundamentally clarify some misunderstandings about the laws of socialist economic development and the state's economic regulation function in the new era.
Most of the existing literature looks at "agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics" as a static concept rather than as a historical process of dynamic evolution; even less do researchers analyze the evolution characteristics of such process. This paper attempts to systematically sort out the dynamic development and change of the connotation of "agRIC" over the 70 years since the founding of New China from the historical perspective and deeply study its expansion and evolution characteristics.
This paper explores the essential properties of doctors' labour, the special properties of medicines as goods, the internal relations between doctors' labor and medicines and their social properties and the essential characteristics of healthcare problems. This paper tries to build a Marxist political economy-based analytical framework for healthcare issues.
The originality of this paper lies in the following aspects. First, this paper contributes to the understanding of supply-side structural reforms from the perspective of global production networks. Second, by defining supply- side structural reforms as the reform of industrial structure, regional structure, distribution structure and sectoral structure, this study provides a better understanding of the micro-pinnings of the reforms. Third, the empirical evidence of political economy is used as the basis for the development of the theoretical logic and empirical evidence. Fourth, this research provides a new perspective of the structural issue of the New Normal in China's economy.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to address the doctrine of incompatibility between capital and public ownership in the context of China's state-owned economy.
This paper provides a political-economic explanation of "Internet space" as a new economic form, which can be used as a starting point for analyzing any real issues about "Internet Plus".
The answer from Marxist economics to "Weber's Hypothesis about China" has not only solved an enormous theoretical problem, but also it has important practical significance.
- This study is the first to investigate the contribution of land contributions to the supernormal development of infrastructure in China, which is rare in the world history of infrastructure construction and can be regarded as a miracle behind China's growth.
This study contributes to the understanding of the relationship between interest articulation, social stability and public governance in the context of China. The results of this study can be used to improve the governance capacity of grassroots governments and improve the performance of public governance.
There is a lack of in-depth research on how does the land system with Chinese characteristics, which is significantly different from that of other developing countries, affect China's economic growth. This paper attempts to discuss the above important issues by constructing and analyzing a quantitative macro-model including the factor of land system. The paper provides important policy guidance for the land supply model and its relation between China's land supply mode and its economic growth by constructing a multisector dynamic general equilibrium analysis framework.
For a long time, the contribution of Marx has rarely been mentioned in the intellectual history of monetary theory. Even the book, of Political Economy (on Capitalism), has been only summarily concerned with the source and function of money in Marx's monetary theory, rather than revealing Marx's outstanding contribution in monetary theory and the financial connotation of Marx's Monetary Theory and expounding its practical significance. This paper tries to conduct analyses from the above perspectives in order to serve as a modest spur to induce more researchers to come forward with their valuable contributions.
This paper is the first attempt to study the performance efficiency of state-owned enterprises in China in the context of the reform and opening-up process.
This paper provides a comprehensive review of the development of China's economics in the past 70 years, and it provides a useful reference for scholars and policy makers to reflect and reflect on the major issues in the new historical era. It also provides useful suggestions for the future development of Chinese economics.
This paper reviews the actual course of China's economic growth since reform and opening up, analyzes its causes and responses, and summarizes the lessons from the experience of coping with economic downturn and realizing fast economic growth. This provides important theoretical significance and practical value for the China's responses to the current trend of economic downturn, the change from rapid growth to high-quality development in the new era, and the effective promotion of sustainable economic growth under the new normal.
The paper mainly discusses why and how the foreign theories of western economics are used for the establishment, development and improvement of political economy of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The paper also discusses how to leverage and accommodate precious resources of Marxist political economy and draw lessons from western economics.
This study contributes to the literature by developing an effective index for measuring financial conditions in the post-crisis era. The FCI can reflect the overall picture of the financial sector, respond to changes of monetary policies and create impacts on the real economy, meeting the criteria of an intermediate goal of monetary policy.
The originality of this paper lies in its quantitative analysis of China's financial and economic cycles and its interpretation of the internal logic of monetary policy reform in China. This paper will give practical and clear policy recommendations.
This paper is the first to provide a quantitative measurement of the real urbanization level in China and its international comparison. It is also the first attempt to compare China's urbanization rate with that of the USA and the UK.
In this paper, the authors discuss the concept and typical characteristics of large developing countries, their economic scale and structure, the endogenous capacity and comprehensive advantages, as well as the industrialization, urbanization and globalization strategy based on domestic demand, thus building up a logical system of development economics of large countries.
This paper contributes to the literature on the relation between local government debt and regional economic growth in China, and proposes economic development policy recommendations with local characteristics based on different types of government debts.
Different from existing research works, this paper argues that in the period of China's economic transition, there exists a supply-side structure of two sectors at the present stage: the industrial sector of constant or decreasing returns to scale with knowledge and human capital as its main driving force, and with the mechanism of constant and increasing returns toScale working together.
This paper applies the basic principles and methods of Marxist political economy to answer the three fundamental questions concerning the supply-side structural reform. First, how supply and demand are analyzed in political economy. Second, how are structural contradictions and structural problems viewed by political economy and how are real economy and virtual economy distinguished? Third, how can political economy serve as a starting point and provide theoretical foundation for supply- side structural reform? Is it possible to explain the fundamental nature of the reform? is it possible for the reform to go beyond the existing theories and policies and innovate?
The logic of China's 40-year economic reform is to clarify the stage of development, involving the theory of the primary stage of socialism and the Theory of the new era, which have generated four dimensions of reform. These four dimensions constitute the major theoretical breakthroughs in the field of political economy. Each of these major breakthroughs is accompanied by a series of innovations in relevant theories, which constitute a synthesis of major theoretical innovations in political economics. In the process of reform, although every landmark theoretical breakthrough is marked by the speech of the highest leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC) or the decision of the CPC National Congress, each breakthrough is attributable to the theoretical contribution made by the academia of politicaleconomics. Notably, these theoretical breakthroughS invariably embrace innovations in the discourse system of political economic.
The practical experience of China's development path and the theoretical logic it reveals has global significance because it effectively breaks through the long-term economic bottleneck faced by developing countries: the shortage of development funds in a large developing country with "a formidable population economically poor and culturally blank."
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it examines the shared development of socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics. The shared development concept is incompatible with the capitalist production relationship.
This paper is the first attempt to analyze China's marketization process over four decades and the construction of the Chinese model and Economics with Chinese Studies. It provides a new economic analysis framework and paradigm that is compatible with the real economy.
This study is the first to discuss the relationship between DIS and bank runs in the context of interest rate liberalization. It is also the first study to examine the impact of the institutional environment on the implementation of DIS in China's financial system.
This paper contributes to the development and progress of the theory of socialism with Chinese characteristics and enriches the valuable collection of the socialist economic theory of China's development. This paper is a major theoretical innovation in the cognitive category and a great contribution to the progress of socialist political economy.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to analyze the innovation and development of the theory of socialist market economy in the context of China's reform and opening up and economic development practice.
This paper explores the nature and the inherent contradiction of the new imperialism by analyzing the inherent contradictions of USD as the world currency. As a sovereign currency, USD has always been bound with US state power, owing to its inherent contradictions since it became theworld currency. With political hegemony and strong military power, the USA supports the plundering and accumulation of USD capital in the world. It is a new imperialism with occasional wars and eternal oppression. This seemingly stable capital accumulation model is doomed to be "unsustainable" because of its irreconcilable internal contradictions. However, this inequitable and irrational capital accumulation system will remain and continue for a certain period of time before this contradiction intensifies and eventually causes USD-centered world currency system to collapse.
This study is the first attempt to examine the relationship between STI and real economic growth in China. The results of this study may be useful to policy makers and researchers in the field of STI, as well as those involved in the real economy development.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to recapitulate the long-standing issue of the relationship between economic thoughts and realities in the context of the "Doctrine of the Mystery of China's Growth." It is also the first time that this issue has been recapitulated in this way.
This study is the first to explore the impact of domestic demand-based economic globalization on inclusive growth in the context of Sino-US trade and trade frictions. This study is also the first attempt to empirically test the relationship between domestic demand and inclusive growth.
This paper is the first attempt to explore the relationship between corporate monopoly power and TFP and explore the specific monopoly types of Chinese monopolies during the economic transition.
The originality and value of this paper lies in the extension and innovation of the "systematic economic theory" in the construction of the modern economic system in the new era. It is a new topic for the development of Xi's New Economic Zeitgeist and a new basis for the formation of SETCC.
This paper attempts to discuss the implication of HQD and its related theoretical issues from the basic theory of economics. It is the first attempt to integrate the instrumental rationality of market economy and the value-based rationality of economic development.
This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the inner mechanism of the long wave in the development of capitalist economy.
The paper uses provincial-level panel data to discuss ways of achieving pro-poor growth. In the New Normal, China's economy has shifted from high growth to medium to high growth. Focus should be placed on pursuing people-centered new urbanization, creating more job opportunities and enhancing employment as a part of primary distribution, rather than increasing salaries alone.
The existing literature mostly studies from the perspective of Chinese enterprises' total investment and lacks a focused discussion on this issue. Since few papers have discussed this issue, this paper tries to fill the gap. This paper provides a comprehensive framework to study the outbound investment by enterprises.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to estimate the R&D value of Chinese CMLCs based on the financial market's valuation of corporate assets in the capital market. This study also introduces investor sentiment variables from the perspective of behavioral finance, which has not been considered in previous studies.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze the industrial layout restructuring in China from the perspective of welfare economics, and it is also the first attempt to examine the inter-regional welfare effects of industrial transfer in the context of China's economic development.
There is a lack of in-depth research on GEM innovation in theoretical circles and this paper attempts to make an empirical study on the innovation performance of listed companies on the GEM, the pioneer of China's industrial innovation and its determinants.
The principal contradiction in the new era of the socialism society with Chinese characteristics can be explained from the perspective of the Marxist political economy methodology. It is not a result of the exploiting class' lack of ideas such as morality, justice, fairness, and fairness, but it is a historical inevitability, which is in line with the law of economic development.
This paper is the first attempt to analyze the major innovations of Chinese economic development theories in the new era. It will be of value to all those interested in the development of China's economic development.
The originality of this paper lies in the use of the scientific analysis methods of the socialist political economics with Chinese characteristics to explore how China's economy can avoid the middle-income trap under the new normal.
The SPECC not only reveals its specific traits, but also indicates the general rules of the global economic development, showing both nationality and internationality. The SPECC ought to generate new contributions to today's world.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to systematize economic theory innovation and China's development practice into a theoretical system of contemporary Chinese Marxist political economics with Chinese characteristics.
This paper is the first attempt to examine the internal structure of socialist public ownership and its relationship with the market economy. It is crucial but incomplete for grasping the nature and laws of a socialist market economy, especially with regards to the organic integration of public ownership. This combination determines the future of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the success or failure of economic restructuring.
This paper is the first to analyze the fiscal system of China under the New Normal. It is also the first one to examine the factors affecting China's taxation revenue in the past few years.
This paper examines the determinants on China's structural change in a unified analytical framework and analyzes the direction and magnitude of each of these effects.
The key to successfully promote the transformation and development of China's foreign trade lies in the implementation of effective measures for the supply-side structural reform of foreign trade. It is believed that as long as the reform measures are conducted properly, enterprises or individuals, acting as the economic units, can become real innovators.
This paper provides a comprehensive review of the relationship between Das Kapital and political economy in the broad sense. It provides a useful reference for researchers and practitioners to understand the key objects studied in the book.
This paper offers a theoretical interpretation on how the urban-rural income gap affects the quality of economic growth and takes an empirical test on the sample panel data, from 1998 to 2015, in 30 provinces and regions of China through DiffGMM and SYSGMM models.
This paper is the first of its kind to evaluate the technical efficiency of health-care systems in selected middle-income countries in light of their diverse economic, political and institutional structure.
This is the first study to use the SOE model to explain the high levels of engagement by the Maltese electorate in EP elections, even though the latter are generally taken as second-order elections (SOE) and therefore characterised by lower turnout.
This paper is one of the first attempts to examine the evolution of the American security strategy toward terrorism in the aftermath of the events of September 11, 2001.
The briefing saves busy executives and researchers hours of reading time by selecting only the very best, most pertinent information and presenting it in a condensed and easy-to-digest format.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the mutual causality between stock market development and economic growth in a Tanzanian setting. The results are consistent to the supply-leading causality hypothesis.
This is the first study to analyze the impact of financial inclusion on poverty reduction in the MENA region using a gap analysis approach. It is also one of the first studies to use a dynamic panel estimation methodology to analyze financial inclusion in MENA countries.
This paper is the first of its kind to reflect on specific measures undertaken by institutions globally to equip students with unique skills to enhance the value and relevance of their programmes in the context of an increased technologically driven environment. It provides recommendations for practical implementation of approaches to increasing the value of the discipline via the acquisition of training and skills, innovative learning pedagogies and the deployment of targeted career and employability initiatives.
The originality of the paper lies in the use of the African concept of time as a method to understand African conflicts. The value of this paper is in the fact that it is the first attempt to apply the mbitian horizon of analysis to the study of African conflicts in the context of the traditional African worldview.
This paper introduces loss-aversion behavioral bias to the framework of interacting financial markets proposed by Westerhoff and Dieci (2006); investigating the dynamics of interaction between two financial markets populated with loss-Averse agents; and examining the effect of levying transaction taxes on markets stability, price distortion and the switching behavior between interacting markets following two different trading strategies; fundamental and technical.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this kind of analysis has not been carried out before for Indian case.
The current study is distinguished from previous studies in its analysis of the Arab Spring Revolutions and the resulting changes, especially the changes in Yemen and the ensuing Civil War; its impact on the security of the Arabian Gulf and its threat, and how the GCC countries are confronting that threat.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to explore the utility of interdisciplinary fields in studying terrorism.
This research is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by social entrepreneurship in Egypt with a special focus on government related challenges. The findings of this research have implications for government policy in Egypt.
The Saudi policy during the oil price war of 2014 reflected an application of neomercantilism. The Saudi policy of inducing a decline in prices to protect its market share, where the long-term strategic gains of protecting market share overcame short-term profits or revenue gains, displayed a Saudi application of IPE theory.
This study will contribute to providing an empirical application of the TAM on the Egyptian consumers in addition to enhancing the knowledge of electronic retailers about the factors that drive consumers toward shopping online. In addition, this study is the first of its kind to examine the factors affecting online shopping behavior among college-educated Egyptian consumers.
This paper is the first of its kind to analyze the external behavior of small states in light of the theories of international relations. It is also one of the few studies that analyze the foreign policies of small developing countries in the light of international theory.
The importance of the study stems from the fact that the Arab region witnessed many developments at the political, economic and social levels since the outbreak of the Arab Spring revolutions. These developments posed many threats to Arab countries such as the spread of terrorism, religious extremism, terrorist organizations and non-state actors. They also became a key determinant of foreign policy. Kuwait was affected by these developments. In addition, it faces threats affecting its national security. The study addresses these threats and how Kuwait, as a small state, has dealt with such enormous ones.
This study focuses on early retirement incentive programs as a strategy for restructuring human resources showing that restructuring human resource is not limited to workforce reduction and that successful workforce reduction can be achieved through early retirement reward programs.
This paper is the first of its kind to estimate the relationship between food production and different climate-change factors (namely precipitation and temperature) in EAC States. It also tries to explore ways that enable the adaptation of agriculture sector in these countries to climate change and mitigate the effect of this change on food.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the role of local councils in the local policy-making process in the context of Erbil province/Iraq. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for the development of the local government system in Iraq and the Kurdistan region in general.
This paper is one of the first attempts to study the role of private entrepreneurs as actors in the international arena. It shows the case of Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook and the founder of the "Chan-Zuckerberg initiative" for philanthropy work, and his influence on global affairs.
The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze the EU-Russian energy relations from the perspective of European energy security. The paper also contributes to the existing literature by identifying the major challenges and confrontation strategies that the European Union has resorted to face the energy security dilemma.
This is the first review of the work of the International Law Commission on unilateral acts and reservations to treaties on the subject of peremptory norms.
This study is the first of its kind to estimate the participation of local administration in the planning process of "Egypt vision 2030". It is also one of the first attempts to estimate local administration participation in planning in Egypt.
This paper is one of the first attempts to study the relation between the way these parties were established, their former stands concerning party establishment, their relation with their mother social movements on one hand, and their performance after reaching power on the other hand.
This is one of the first empirical studies to investigate the determinants of private investment in Egypt using the average Q model.
The paper provides an analytical framework that considers institutions from two-aspect approach: first, institutions as the rules of the game for both administrative and budgetary lines of governance, and second, the institutions as interconnected arrangements. This association should function within the measures of outputs and outcomes of responsive governments who are committed to a set of social values that bothadministrative and budget systems attempt to serve.
The authors are introducing SSB as a concept for efficient and resilient bureaucracy which adapts to drastic change and fight for the survival of the state. SSB has its own tools and mechanisms to resist attempts by elected officials and/or the Executives as well as other authorities which threaten the entity and the identity of the State.
Bureaucracy is considered one of those exceptional structures that do not fall with the regime. Public officials perpetuate the legacy of the former regime, and it is often impossible to depose or replace under the new constitution without specific terms. Therefore, the bureaucrats affect the achievement of the new regime's objectives through its different parts and units. The bureaucrats are mainly responsible for public policies as they are the information source for government. Their crucial role intertwines with other structures in pushing or impeding the process of transformation.
This is the first study to examine the interaction between monetary and fiscal policies in Egypt within a unified framework. The results of the study provide insights into the behavior of CBE and fiscal authority on macroeconomic stability in Egypt.
To the best of the author's knowledge, this paper is the first to investigate this relationship quantitatively in MENA within the endogenous-growth model framework and GERD as innovation proxy following most empirical literature.
This paper adds to previous literature and tries to identify the main determinants of job satisfaction for wage workers in Egypt. It has been argued that job satisfaction cannot be explained only with wage and working hours, but also with other job and workplace features such as promotion, job security, social security, health insurance and interpersonal relationships.
The findings of this research can be helpful to facilitate and motivate SMEs in Saudi Arabia and other countries to obtain sustainable growth and a thriving economy. The findings can help SMEs to grow successfully and provide policy and decision makers with needed information and knowledge.
Very few studies link international/transnational terrorist attacks to the fact that the USA is the major global power and upholds some ideals. There is an obvious consistency between their vision and the "American Primacy" theory. On the other hand, this study deals with the foreign policy of the USA toward other international actors and how this is linked to terrorist attacks.
This paper attempts to explain the impact of domestic structure on SFP. In doing so, domestic structure was broken down into four variables, including legal grounds, the level of autonomy, the pattern of intergovernmental relations, and institutionalization. Together, they can be utilized to measure the power of a region.
This study contributes to the existing body of knowledge by displaying an overview of ESs and the different decision areas in this regard. Besides, it is of interest to academics investigating the applications of these systems in public organizations. Moreover, the paper provides a way of exploring some of the changes and challenges that maybe encountered in practice. Hopefully, it could be a modest step towards conducting future inclusive research to appraise the technical and organizational renovations adopted by the Egyptian public sector, in its quest to achieve sustainable development.
This paper is the first attempt to study the impact of the return rate of Musharakah financing on the monetary policy in the Islamic economy, which is the most vital method to influence the economic activity.
This is one of the first studies to examine the determinants of women's empowerment in Egypt using multiple indicators. It is also the first study to use the Multiple Indicators Multiple Causes of Indicators (MIMIC) model in the Egyptian context.
This is the first study to examine the exchange rate pass-through to inflation in Egypt using a structural VAR approach. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers and researchers in developing and implementing macroeconomic policies in Egypt.
This study contributes to the limited scientific body of literature related to SHRM in the public sector, especially in developing countries, and its actual role in the retention of skilled workforce. The most important SHRM activities here that have been identified with the help of literature are recruitment and selection, training and career development, performance appraisal, compensation and benefits. Eventually, the empirical study analyzes the SHRM-retention relationship at the National Bank of Egypt, and then it proposes some administrative and managerial reforms to boost the influence of SHRM strategies and programs on employee retention.
This paper is the first of its kind to assess the impact of the Egyptian Arab revolution economically, politically and socially on the Arab Spring.
The study is the first of its kind that analyzes the issue of East Mediterranean gas as a new arena for international rivalry in the field of energy. The findings of the study can be used as a starting point for further research on the subject.
The present study is an initiative to review technical efficiency (TE) of public sector banks (PSBs) towards financial inclusion during pre and post introduction phases of PMJDY.
This study is one of the first to explore the factors that influence firms' recruitment of quality talent in Lagos, Nigeria. The findings of this study will be useful to both academicians and practitioners in the Lagos labour market.
The authors contribute to the literature in two distinctive ways. First, the researchers are unaware of any empirical study in Turkey examining the effect of bank characteristics on deposit growth. Consequently, this study presents relatively pioneering work in this context. Second, the authors decompose the drivers of deposit into short- and long-run determinants using the autoregressive distributed lag framework.
The authors contribute to the existing literature in three ways. First, the authors attempt for the first time in an emerging market context to develop an investor sentiment index (ISI) by a direct survey approach based on internationally validated survey questions in regard to stock market drivers as hypothesized here. Study results will generalize in-depth market-specific factors in influencing Indian retail investors' investment decisions in the stock market context, which can further be used in other emerging market contexts. Secondly, in the Indian context, it is confirmed that in Indian IPO context/issues/issues and information certainty, trading volume and momentum and institutional Investors' investment activities, on an overall basis, only drive retail consumers' sentiment positively. However, the nature of the stock markets show a conflicting result with a negative bias. Lastly, earlier studies (Baker and Wurgler, 2006; Chen et al., 2010) use the principal components analysis to construct the investor sentiment indices from secondary data.
The study findings are in parallel with the theoretical grounding on the elaboration likelihood model (ELM). Longer reviews associated with organic products are clear reflections of elaboration likely state of consumers, who think about issue-relevant information and his/her ability, motivation to elaborate the message (Nel and Boshoff, 2019).
This paper attempts to explain what really is meant by employee happiness within organisations that have high employee diversity, fast-pace of work, convoluted work and information technology infrastructural systems, particularly in the UAE. As an explanatory study, the paper makes recommendations for micro-data capturing in organisations to enable a more accurate measure of national happiness.
This study contributes to the body of literature by applying a customized set of happiness factors on understudied but important respondents, i.e. higher education academicians. This study also obtained a happiness index using matrix and developed an equation which can be applied to find out the relationship between happiness and performance.
This study is the first of its kind to use RSQS to measure the SQ in the context of departmental stores in Saudi Arabia. It is also one of the few studies that have used the factor analysis to measure SQ.
This paper is an original work of the author. It is the first of its kind in the Indian context. The study is original in the sense that the author has tried to find out the relationship between emotional intelligence and behavioral biases of the financial specialists and their investment decisions.
This study is the first of its kind to develop a composite index of IFI for a study period 2013-2017 spanning over 26 countries belonging from the continent of Asia and further to track the significance of changes over the period of study for countries classified under different income groups.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between work environment and job satisfaction among nurses in government tertiary hospitals in Nigeria. The findings of this study will help health-care organisations to improve the work environment of nurses in the Nigerian health care industry.
This study is the first of its kind to analyze the factors that lead to the participation of women in SHGs in India and also examines the importance of participation in SHG with regard to female empowerment. The findings from the extant literature cannot be generalized to the poorer regions of emerging economies.
This paper is the first of its kind in the Indian banking industry. It will be of value to the readers who are interested in the issue of NPA in the banking sector. The findings of the paper will help the readers to understand the current situation of the banking industry with regard to NPA.
The paper is a unique case study of an insurance company in India. It is unique in that it describes a case of an employee's ethical dilemma in the insurance industry.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of demographic and organizational variables on contextual and task performance of hotel employees in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the operational efficiency of businesses run by persons with disabilities in India. The findings of this study will be useful for the government and policy makers to take appropriate measures for the rehabilitation of PWDs.
This is the first study to examine the associations between learning environment factors and student satisfaction among occupational therapy students. The study contributes to the body of knowledge on student satisfaction in higher education.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the relationship between impaired awareness of deficits and cognitive strategy use in occupational performance of persons with ABI.
This study contributes to the understanding of the everyday occupational experiences of lesbian and gay adults in Ireland. It is hoped that this research, in some small part, contributes to research in this area and raises awareness to continue the dialogue of the potential for occupational injustice within this minority population.
This is the first study to explore occupational therapy practitioners' experiences of working in generalist, specialist and generic positions in Norwegian municipalities. The study contributes to the literature on occupational therapists' professional identity and the challenges they face in the municipality setting.
This study offers valuable insights into relationships between sensory processing styles and demographic factors and calls for further research in this area. Increased understanding of how to interpret individuals' SPPs is necessary for intervention planning when addressing what an individual wants to, needs to do or is expected to do.
This is the first study to explore the use of internationally developed evidence-based falls prevention programmes by occupational therapists in Ireland. The findings of this study suggest that there is a need to further contextualise and develop programmes which are appropriate to the needs of clients and within the parameters of the Irish health-care system.
This is the first integrative review of sensory-based interventions in occupational therapy with adult and adolescent trauma survivors. The findings of this study will be of value to researchers and practitioners in the field of occupational therapy, as well as those working in the area of trauma treatment.
This study provides the first description of the management of intra-articular fractures of the PIP joint across the Irish health service. It also provides an understanding of the timing of referral and therapists' views on current practice relating to early motion.
This is the first study to explore the development of occupational therapy in a mental hospital in Ireland during the 1930s and 1950s. It provides an insight into how occupational therapy was developed in an Irish mental hospital during a period of relative political stability and economic hardship.
This is the first study to explore the evolving role of occupational therapists in adult critical care in England using role theory. The findings highlight the importance of understanding the role of the occupational therapy role in the recovery pathway for survivors of critical illness.
This study is the first of its kind in Ireland to investigate the clinical practice of DPHV within an Irish context. It provides an insight into the current state of practice within OT practice in Ireland and provides a basis for future research.
This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of introducing a two-pronged vocational intervention to an early intervention for psychosis service using a prospective follow-up design.
This paper highlights attitudes held by three stakeholder groups involved in the health care of an individual living with schizophrenia regarding the use of AT to facilitate self-management. It highlights that there is a positive environment for AT to develop within mental health-care services as it continues to progress. AT was viewed by the participants as a tool that can facilitate "Recovery" by promoting choice in, and control over, an individually tailored tool that promotes self- management.
This is the first study to examine the impact of sensory processing training on the competence, confidence and practice of teachers working with children with autism in the classroom.
This is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between academic honesty and academic success in occupational therapy students from a cross-cultural perspective. It is also the first study to examine this relationship in the context of international students in the health professions.
This is the first study to explore parents' perspectives of their children attending hippotherapy intervention and the impact on their children's participation in home-based occupations following the intervention. The findings are positive, in that they indicate that there was an improvement in the participation of children in their home-related occupations following hippotherapy. However, it may not be surprising that there is a lack of knowledge on what hippotherapy actually is by participants.
The research and assessment tool is a new and unique way of looking at the provision of AD, particularly when cognitive impairment is a factor. Although results and correlations are significant, this only really highlights the need for much larger research to follow.
The results of this survey highlight that the AON process negatively impacts on the occupational therapists' ability to complete interventions with children due to lack of resources and occupational therapists highlighted concerns about the inequity of highlighting needs but not meeting them. This raises larger questions about the practice of occupational therapists providing diagnosis as part of paediatric occupational therapy practice.
This is the first study to explore the relationship between visual perceptual testing and functional visual skill difficulties in school-aged children using the TVPS-4.
This is the first survey of its kind to investigate current practice among occupational therapists in Ireland with regard to the assessment of fitness to drive after stroke. The findings of this study will be of interest to occupational therapists and those involved in stroke rehabilitation.
This paper provides an overview of the Assisted Decision-Making (Capacity) Act (2015) and its implications for occupational therapy practice in Ireland. Occupational therapy needs to be part of the discussion around the Act, not only to prove the profession's worth in an evolving system, but also for the benefit of its clients.
This is the first study to explore the association between older adults' functional performance and their scores on the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA).
Wrist orthoses are often provided by occupational therapists to decrease pain, support weak muscles and joints and protect tissues during healing. The combined effects of wrist orthosis use on both the shoulder and the elbow is important to understand, as compensatory movements may lead to cumulative strain and fatigue. This study provides some flexibility in designing any type of upper extremity orthosis.
This paper provides an insight into the therapeutic goals and the role of occupational therapy at St. Patrick's Hospital from 1935 to 1969 and situates the development there in a broader international context. A number of cultural and professional factors have been identified which precluded occupational therapists from challenging institutional culture.
Findings highlight the potential value of collaboration between teachers of children with ASD and occupational therapists that includes education provision by occupational therapists as part of everyday practice. The findings reinforce the suggestions of previous authors of the potential benefit of pre-service and continuing professional education at university level to provide teachers with an in-depth understanding of motor learning. Overall findings inform service delivery models for practice in this area.
This is the first known study to examine the current place of play and play occupation in occupational therapy practice in an Irish context.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between perfectionism and time-use in occupational science students and occupational therapy. The findings of this study are of interest to occupational scientists and occupational therapists as the implications for these students moving forward directly relates to their health and future success in the Occupational Therapy profession.
This paper provides an insight into the practices and roles of occupational therapists' with adults with intellectual disabilities who access supported employment services in Ireland.
While occupational therapists have been actively engaged in research on and with peer workers, there is minimal published literature addressing how the peer workforce and Occupational Therapy can work in collaboration in the clinical setting to achieve better mental health care. This article seeks to encourage occupational therapists to be active advocates in research and clinical practice for the development of a strong peer workforce working in collaboration with occupational therapists.
This study has highlighted the value and meaning of participation in football for men with psychosis, as well as demonstrating the longer-term feasibility of football as a therapeutic medium in Occupational Therapy mental health service provision. These findings may help to promote the routine use of football and sports interventions to other mental health services.
This study highlights that students may be influenced by different methods of hand hygiene education at different stages in their course and that while on placement the therapist may be an important influencing factor in the earlier years of occupational therapy education.
This paper provides a unique opportunity for Occupational Therapists working in the area of mental health to incorporate the messages of the #Littlethings mental health and wellbeing campaign at a local level, which was an expectation of the HSE National Health Service Plan 2015.
This paper provides an overview of three major transitions in the history of occupational therapy in Ireland: from moral treatment to medical patronage, from medical patronage to the early/pre-professional era and finally from the early-pre- professional era to the era of professionally qualified therapists.
This study contributes to the understanding of how gender influences the choices made by adolescents in relation to occupational choice. It provides occupational therapists with further insights into how they can promote participation in occupations that adolescents consider meaningful, but inaccessible.
This is an emerging area of practice in Ireland that could offer effective, transferable and long-lasting benefits using horse-related occupations to enhance an individual's everyday functioning. The areas explored in this study marry with many of occupational therapy values and beliefs.
- This research highlights that occupational therapists and occupational therapy students' views encompass both gains and apprehensions regarding role-emerging placements. There are undoubtedly concerns surrounding the topic and it is important that these views are raised and addressed in a professional forum to facilitate more understanding surrounding this topic.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the role that occupational therapists can play in supporting people with a mental illness in finding employment.
This paper provides an experiential learning exercise that develops student understanding of social networks within organizations and provides students with the skills for more comprehensive problem-solving, valuable collaboration, and the maximization of subject matter expertise within organizations. This puzzle exercise is suitable for undergraduate and graduate students studying organizational behavior, organizational decision-making and leadership.
This study is one of the first to provide insights from practitioners on the strategies that VT managers use to drive performance of their VTs, particularly related to building high levels of trust and managing conflict. It also provides insights from VT managers on the need for organizational support to build trust and effective conflict resolution.
This experiential exercise not only provides a common context for students to reference in applying theories of work motivation, but also incorporates elements of fun and competition, which have been shown to help engage students more fully (Helms & Haynes, 1990; Azriel, Erthal, & Starr, 2005).
The current research contributes to the literature on the relationship between LMX and job performance through an examination of the individual, dyadic and situational factors affecting the process of quality exchange relationships leading to job performance. The findings suggest that, although contact within a dyad is necessary for LMX formation, the nature of this contact is what drives LMX relationships.
This study is one of the first to examine the mediating role of OID in the relationship between procedural justice, training opportunities, and innovation on job satisfaction and affiliation commitment and the moderating role that supervisor support plays in that relationship.
This is one of the first studies to empirically test the theory of bigenderism in the context of transgender employees' rights to use the restroom of their choice.
This paper is the first to propose that more value for theory and practice will be achieved by slightly shifting the dominant paradigm underlying research on this phenomenon. Most studies on incumbent adaptation, like a great deal of strategy research overall, follow variance thinking and strive to identify firm characteristics that correlate with performance outcomes, i.e. successful adaptation. Nuance in variance approaches comes when differing contexts are accounted for. Thus, the most recent comprehensive literature reviews build theory on the role of firm-level variables within contingency frameworks accounting for the nature of a specific technology and external environment.
The authors present a pair of exercises designed to provide students with a comprehensive understanding of organizational vision statements. Drawing on the characteristics of effective vision statements outlined in the leadership and strategic management literatures, students first reflect on the importance of visions, before working in small groups to create a compelling and effective organizational vision using foresight and futures literacy strategies.
This study contributes to the negotiation literature by also showing that FTS, which is not activated is associated with negotiation outcomes. This relationship was found for buyers but not for sellers. Also, consistent with gender role theory, this relationship is moderated by gender. Thus, the authors also shed light on gender differences in negotiation, showing that female buyers who are higher in FTS tend to pay more in negotiations.
This paper contributes to the literature by developing a conceptual understanding of the influence of different kinds of social network influences on individual actions in the context of organizational withdrawals. It also contributes to policy-making by showing how local networks support alternative employment options.
This is the first study to examine the relationship between technology and student project ownership behavior in the context of group projects. The findings suggest that students who rely on the new document-sharing technology may consciously or inadvertently develop less, not more, overall ownership in their project.
This research contributes to the multidisciplinary theoretical framework of social interactions and builds on our knowledge of face-to-face rudeness to better understand the consequences of e-mail rudeness at work. This research also extends the literature on computer-mediated communication by comparing the effects of incivility experienced face- to-face with incivilities encountered via e-mails on both task performance and performance evaluation.
To the best of the author's knowledge, only two studies exist in the empirical literature that examine the threshold effects of public debt on growth in sub-Saharan Africa. This study contributes to the literature by providing new evidence on the debt-growth nexus in Africa.
- The key issue leading to this study is the empirical performance of the efficiency frontier measures. The paper compares the results to find out whether there are significant differences in the DEA and SFA models across various samples. Through two different techniques, parametric and nonparametric, consistent results will be an important basis for policymakers and bank managers to be more confident in making decisions.
This is the first study to examine the impact of international financial integration on macroeconomic volatility of key variables such as consumption and output using the ARDL cointegration as method of econometric analysis. The approach distinguishes short-run and long-run effects of the financial integration process.
This study is the first attempt to investigate the interdependence between banking security, banking earnings, banking profitability and growth achievement in the ASEAN community.
This study contributes to the literature by, for the first time, analysing the association between corruption, proxied by informal payments, and financing structure of SMEs in an emerging country.
The few studies conducted on Ghana are quite old and essentially explored only the relations between savings and economic growth. Moreover, this study employed a more robust econometric technique and recent data. In effect, findings from this study have contributed to scholarship, and policy makers have the research output of this study to shape policies toward economic growth in Ghana.
The main contribution of this paper is to better characterize the transmission mechanism of the influence of exchange rate on Vietnamese coffee export price, which is critical to coffee farmers, exporter-producer companies and Vietnamese government.
The study exploits daily information of oil price changes to analyse macroeconomic variables in lower frequency by employing mixed data sampling approach (MIDAS). Second, the study investigates the asymmetric impact of world oil price on the Vietnam economy in terms of both magnitude and timing, which is not explored by previous studies.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of corporate tax rates on FDI inflows in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers and practitioners in the Ghanaian economy.
While the extant literature shows that independent directors can help firms decrease agency costs of equity in financial decisions and performance, there are relatively few studies investigating corporate decisions to use independent directors. In this study, the authors examine how ownership structure affects the use of independent directors in the Vietnamese stock market.
This is the first study to examine the spillover effects of the US monetary policy normalization on African stock markets. The study is also the first to use a panel data approach to investigate the effect of the tapering decision of the Fed on African markets.
This study is one of the first attempts to assess the sustainability level of rice-shrimp farming system in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam, which could contribute to the understanding of other coastal agricultural delas around the globe. Results from this study shed light on the above-average sustainability levels of the rice- shrimp farming systems in Binh Dai and Thanh Phu Districts in Ben Tre province.
- According to the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to estimate the impact of credit rationing on the amount of capital allocated to inputs used by rice farmers in the Mekong River Delta.
This is the first study to examine the effects of financial inclusion on agricultural productivity in Nigeria using CGAP data. The findings suggest that financial inclusion has a significant impact on agricultural output and productivity.
This paper presents an analysis of NRD results in Vietnam and identifies the factors that influence this outcome in the provinces. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other developing countries.
This is the first study to examine the impact of infrastructure development on industrial sector productivity in Sub-Saharan Africa. It is also one of the few studies to use a time-series approach to investigate the relationship between infrastructure development and industrial productivity.
- This paper is one of the first attempts to address the problem of controversial results in a coherent and logical way by performing a meta-analysis on the relationship between capital structure and firm performance.
This is the first study to investigate the impact of regional trade on economic growth using data from ECOWAS Member States. The study contributes to the debate on the effectiveness of international trade in promoting economic growth.
Based on these considerations, this paper places its focus on the relationship between Confucianism and growth from the perspective of political development. Besides, to accommodate different effects of Confucius' culture on growth in different phases of different political development, the empirical empirical results of this study provide new insights into the deep roots of economic development in East Asian societies.
- This study is one of the first to examine the impact of higher tobacco tax on output and employment in Vietnam.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the IR sensitivity of output and prices to the different levels of FI in developing countries.
This study is the first to analyze the effect of internal control on tax avoidance by analyzing internal (family ownership) and external (environmental uncertainty) factors on the effectiveness ofinternal control in preventing tax planning practices. This study also conducted additional testing by looking at the descriptive statistic in companies with high and low internal control and found that companies with higher internal control have less aggressive tax avoidance.
To the best of the author's knowledge, this is the first study that estimates and analyses the impact of exchange rate on inflation quantitatively in Vietnam over that time to contribute to the existing literature.
This is the first study that uses the gravity model to estimate the influence of the main factors on Vietnamese handicraft export.
This study is one of the first attempts to decompose the contribution of firm-level productivity change and the reallocation of market share among survivors in the Vietnamese manufacturing sector using dynamic decomposition method.
This is one of the first studies to use Google Trends as a proxy for attention in the context of stock market activity in a developing economy. It is also the first study to examine impacts of stock-specific and market-specific attention, measured by GSV, on stock illiquidity and volatility.
This paper attempts to find the answer to the central question: "Does the sectoral composition of growth affect poverty reduction independent of the aggregate rate of growth in Vietnam?" In addition, the authors also try to answer the following sub-question: "Which is the sector having the most impact on poverty reduction in Vietnam?".
The paper, to the best of the authors' knowledge, is the first paper investigating the qualification mismatch incidence and effects on earnings in Vietnam's labor market. It is also one of the first papers to investigate the impact of qualification mismatch on earnings using the linear regression technique.
This research is conducted for finding evidence which might reveal variations in audit quality among auditors (Deloitte, EY, KPMG, PWC and other audit firms) in the multi-year data set. So measurement of audit quality variations employed in this study is the extent of compliance changes with the disclosure requirements of HKAS 36. So the level of technical compliance with requirements of disclosures considers as a surrogate for audit quality in relation to challenged and over-complicated items of the goodwill impairment testing framework.
The results of this research are expected to contribute to the literature by enriching our knowledge of the interesting and important relationship between materialistic values and green purchase behavior among consumers in two Asian markets where, to the best of the authors' knowledge, only modest research effort has been given to explore this topic.
This study adds to the literature by having found that of the four dimensions of organizational learning, management commitment to learning is the most important factor and has the highest degree of positive effect on business performance. This gives a implication for managers in striving for a better performance of the firm.
This is the first study to explore the determinants of trade credit granted to shrimp farmers in Ca Mau - the largest shrimp producer of Vietnam. The results of this study can be used as a guide for policy makers to improve the chances of shrimp farmers being granted trade credit.
The results of this paper are not only a valuable reference for governments and policymakers from other countries when they decide to reduce tariffs or adjust production taxes once integrated into the world economy, but also emphasize the benefits of trade liberalization, tariff elimination and domestic tax reforms. Nonetheless, the impacts of tradeliberalization on the economy by reducing tariffs also rely on the contexts of each nation, such as their economic foundation, per capita income, consumer demand and firms' competitive capacity.
This study is the first of its kind to analyze the effect of shocks in various components of private capital inflows on economic growth in Nigeria using the structural vector autoregression approach.
This is the first study to examine the role of independent directors in corporate investment policy in Vietnam, an emerging market that experiences low enforceability of legislation on corporate governance.
This is the first study to examine the impact of country-level and fund-level factors on mutual fund performance in Vietnam, which is a young market like Vietnam. The findings of this study will be useful for investors and fund managers to understand the relationship between fund performance and macroeconomic factors in Vietnam.
This is the first study to examine the effects of stock repurchase announcements on rival firms in the same industry in Vietnam.
This study contributes to the literature on organizational innovation by exploring its impact on the performance of firms in the context of Vietnam, a developing country. The findings of this research suggest that firms in Vietnam should pay more attention to innovation in business practices and innovation in workplace organization.
This study is the first pure replication of the study of Mu and van de Walle (2011). The results from this study can be used for other developing countries, especially for some Asian developing countries with similar economic structures as Vietnam, such as the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Laos and Cambodia.
- This study provides references for scientific developing, reasonable implementation and effective cooperation between the MMFZP and MFZ to ensure the rational use of marine space and promote the sustainable development of marine areas.
The main contribution of this work is mainly focused on covering two gaps in the literature: first, to increase knowledge about the strategic bases of ports in Latin America through their missions and visions; and second, to visualize the coherence of the missions and vision with the activities of CSR.
GDA is proposed as a novel concept for data analytics. The proposed GDA opens a new brand to be explored for the incoming AI enabled society. It will enable a better human-machine coexistence and improve people's trust on AI.
The grey relational analysis is one of the main components of the grey system theory. It has been widely applied in the economic, social, industrial, agricultural, transportation, education, medical, ecological, water conservancy, aero-spatial and other fields since it has become well developed. The applications solved many uncertainty problems, e.g., "small sample and poor quality data," in these areas, and the grey relational theory has become one of those branches of grey systems theory with the most extensive application and the most achievements.
This study compared the environmental and economic effects of maritime and air transportation in Iran. It clears the way for revealing the best alternative mode of transportation for inclusive development in Iran in order to seek the most efficient and the cleanest transportation mode. The policymakers are advised to improve the infrastructure of maritime transportation from both the economic and environmental point of views.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to review the literature on high-quality development of marine economy in China, and it provides a comprehensive understanding of the connotation, dimensions and characteristics of high- quality development of the marine economy.
Based on the analysis of the index system construction and testing methods, this paper systematically studies and proposes the optimization and testing process of the indicator system design based on the expert evaluation quality test, in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation index system for each field. In this paper, through the scientific process that from "analysis of theory basic, analysis of related factors, description of process mechanism" to "analyze of system structure, decomposition of system hierarchical, identification of the complete set of indicators" to primary selection the indicators system, using system engineering and hierarchical structure decomposition theory, optimize the indices system construction process analysis method; aim at the expert assessment quality test; judge the authoritative degree of expert opinion and clarify the index attribute value range, based on Delphi assignment method, other four methods for expert assignment, expert evaluation results for individual indicators, expert assignment quality test and multi-index test validity, reliability and test validity test, and the multi- index test test.
This paper constructs a regional marine economic development quality evaluation index system from the five dimensions, including total marine economy, marine storage capacity, marine ecological environment, marine resource utilization and integrated marine management. The entropy weight method is used to calculate the index weight, and the grey relational relative closeness is used as the evaluation standard, which can make full use of the obtained data information and effectively avoid the loss of information in the calculation process. The GRA method is an important part of the grey system theory.
Based on analysis of the current situation of coastal resources and environment, this paper summarizes the prominent problems in the process of coastal zone management and then discusses the ways of reform and reform suggestions on coastal zones management for coordinated development of land-sea integration.
From a supply chain perspective, this paper tries to explore the issues of the operations management mechanism of IBWT project considering the water delivery loss without/with fairness concern under the supply capacity constraint and the random precipitation. This paper will contribute to the current literatures and practices in the IBWT supply chain coordination.
This paper is the first attempt to apply GMCR methodology for resolving a real-life dispute arising over aquaculture development in the Province of British Columbia (BC), Canada. The authors believe that GMCR can provide valuable strategic insights for enhancing the decision-making process.
This paper provides an overview of the most recent advances in international marine econometrics research in the field of marine economic research.
This is the first comprehensive review of the Canadian aquaculture sector in the context of its contribution to food production, food security, and environmental sustainability.
This paper provides an overview of IFLS aggregations and applications, which can be useful for researchers and practitioners in the field of decision-making.
This paper proposes a new grey relational model based on discrete Fourier transform and its application on Chinese marine economic data. The proposed model can be used to measure the similarity between time series polylines or curves of each factor and vice versa.
This is the first study to examine the impact of CEOs' accounting backgrounds on earnings management and accounting conservatism.
This study is one of the first to examine the association between dialysis center practice characteristics and clinical process measures and patient clinical outcomes in a national setting.
This is the first study to examine the impact of audit quality on the components of executive cash compensation in the post-SOX period.
The paper is the first to explicitly model the endogenous process of signal generation within a rich economic environment. In the environment, number of workers being evaluated and number of managers who produce the signals are both endogenous. Furthermore, both workers and managers are subject to moral hazard problem. The paper is different due to the existence of a risk-neutral principal who stands ready to share risk from the production and performance measurement uncertainty.
This paper extends the literature along the line of the actual operational effects of the SOX regulation by examining its effect on the productivity of firms. This paper is the first to examine the impact of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act on firms' productivity.
This is the first study to identify the existence of outliers in data envelopment analysis. This study also provides the first attempt to measure efficiency using a firm-specific measure of efficiency.
This study contributes to the literature by providing evidence on why firms are choosing different business strategies when they are operating in the same business conditions. In addition, it has not been clear how the financial crisis has affected the undertaking of business strategies. Moreover, a clear linkage has not yet been established between firms' economic performance and business strategies, although there have been some anecdotal evidences.
The authors are suggesting a new approach to marketing concepts - such as promises, 'reason why' and copy strategy - in which risk would be a key dimension of choice and preferences, that can be addressed efficiently by evolutionary-based cognitive sciences. The authors make the hypothesis that people's aspirations, the core core of operational marketing, could be profitably complemented and described by people's risk attitudes and perceptions, so as to position brands and products as a combination of aspiration and risk-taking attitude.
The current paper introduces a novel strategic management model that is designed to deal with the decisions that are taken by DMs when undertaking a project within a group. In particular, the intensity of the shading applied by the DMs will depend on the relative payoffs received. This endogeneity in the endogeneity of shading allows the authors to account for the effect of payoff differentials.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that integrates AHP, DEA and GRA in the field of grey relational analysis.
The paper introduces the special issue of the Journal of Professional Capital and Community, Professionalism in the Pandemic, and offers practical wisdom as a virtue guiding professionalism in education.
This paper is original in that it is one of the first attempts to examine the humanizing practices of online learning communities during a global pandemic in the USA.
This is the first study to examine the impact of the pandemic on the education system in Kuwait and its impact on the quality of education. The findings of this study will be of interest to policy makers, educational administrators, teachers, school principals, parents and other stakeholders.
This paper provides an overview of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on children and young people in the United Kingdom. It is of value to policy makers, educators and parents.
- The paper offers a unique perspective on teacher preparation in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. It provides an example of how the "adjacent possible" can be explored in times of crisis.
This study contributes to the literature on the coevolution of social capital and social structures by examining the structural effects of socialcapital that contributed to schools' adaptive capacity for sociotechnical changes.
This paper is the first to explore the potential of educational PPPs in the context of COVID-19. It offers insights into how governments can tap into private sector resources for bolstering education during or after the pandemic.
The experience in Chile, as in other school systems around the world, shows that the decision to transfer school work to homes through remote and online teaching strategies revealed the precarity of many families' lives, not only concerning connectivity problems but also due to their social and economic vulnerability. Likewise, teachers and school leaders found themselves in complex situations trying to maintain contact with their students during the closing of school buildings, while also accompanying the educational process of their own children and/or dealing with precarious conditions similar to those of their students. Furthermore, the educational authorities' insistence to return to normal, pushing the system to continue with business as usual, only revealed the irrationality of what normal has come to mean in our education systems. The emphasis on students' academic achievement on standardized tests, the disproportionate value of and reliance on quantitative effectiveness indicators and the permanent performance monitoring and control of teachers and principals work have finally sparked a necessary conversation about educators' professionalism.
This paper offers a unique perspective on how institutions might think of diversity initiatives, which are often coupled with initiatives for equity and inclusion, during this frightening time.
This paper summarizes the key building blocks of effective PD on the innovative use of ICT during a pandemic. Using these building blocks, the authors created a framework that can be used to analyze (the effectiveness of) PD initiatives. Subsequently, this framework was used to reflect on two national PD initiatives developed to support institutions of higher education in instructional use of information and communications technology while dealing with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands.
This paper offers a critical examination of the implications of pandemic pedagogies and professionalism in the context of crisis schooling. The authors argue that the pandemic is a critical time to reflect on what has been learned from the biggest global experiment in educational reform and distance learning in history and consider what might be possible in the future.
SPARK provides an important example of a research-based model that educators from other districts can see and use as a springboard for reimagining their own educational spaces and practices in this new and still uncertain period when schools and school districts consider how to move forward.
This paper provides a unique perspective on the impact of COVID-19 on school leadership. It offers a new perspective on current leadership practices, focussing particularly on distributed, collaborative and networked leadership. The paper also offers reflections about the work of school leaders within this current set of circumstances.
The originality of this paper is that it revisits and revises classic understandings of teachers' work by asking what new light learning at home has cast on them at present. The value of the paper lies in the fact that it offers a new way of thinking about teachers' professional capital and community.
The experience of this pandemic has made clear that teachers, school leaders and education systems are key to building better societies. But they require broader support. Concerns of equity and access must be part of a wider public policy agenda focussed on eliminating inequality, amplifying the voices of our often marginalized or forgotten community members and ensuring education is the vehicle through which we empower, champion and lead our communities. In doing so, out of a global emergency could come a renewed sense of humanity and belief in the unparalleled power of education.
This paper provides an innovative approach to understanding student support as a form of a social network that can be used by university staff to better understand the support needs of disadvantaged students during the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic affords educators an opportunity to strengthen relationships with families and increase their knowledge of learning goals and instructional and assessment approaches. Educators can (temporarily) refocus their instruction from meeting standardized testing targets to reigniting and indulging students' innate curiosity about the world around them. They can reconnect with colleagues with whom they are too seldom able to collaborate, given the many demands on their time within the bureaucracy of a school. they can record the results of their efforts, and they can share that information with policymakers. Finally, and of equal importance, they can reflect on their reasons for joining their noble profession and, hopefully, enjoy some renewed energy to walk with their students down the long road ahead.
This essay and the long list of writings coming out from scholars and others will turn the volume up on what we have known for a very long time about what is wrong with our schools. Yet, the education policies and institutions simply do not change. There are those who see an opportunity in the COVID-19 crisis to reimagine education, but I don't see any indication that education systems would be able to renew themselves from within.
This paper is one of the first to explore principal professionalism in the time of the pandemic. It offers a new perspective on the role of principal professionalism and how it may be used to improve the capacity of school leaders.
The authors argue that the current context requires new definitions of professional community in education, particularly when it comes to serving immigrant students. Typically, we have thought of professional communities in education to incorporate primarily educators - administrators, teachers and other school-based staff working with students. However, families and community organizations are also essential supports, particularly in the currentcontext. Although informal interactions can provide support when schools are open, leaders need to think strategically about shifting those interactions through purposeful outreach and communication across stakeholders during school closures.
The article is structured in four parts. First, the nature of opportunities and barriers that are facing 21st-century education. Second, recognizing the need to be connected, not just in Spain, but around the world, networks are at the front-line of social movements and educational reforms. Third, the article discusses the effort to put into practice the maxim "not to leave anyone behind," which is the standard of the Agenda 2030 (UNESCO, 2017), in which every person is equally important. Fourth, in a constructive criticism of the Spanish context, the last section summarizes key points about what makes this education system extremely vulnerable to COVID-19.
- The paper offers a unique perspective on the tensions that school leaders are currently navigating during this state of global emergency.
This study is the first to provide an initial appraisal of the key indicators of SA performance using a comparative approach. The results of the study have key implications for both SA managers and SA promoters.
- Unlike most of the related literature focusing on the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic conditions and performance in the banking sector, this study is designed to have relatively narrow focus in its empirical assessment. Specifically, it seeks to examine the extent to which strands of inflationary related conditions (inflation expectations, inflationary uncertainties and realized inflation), macroeconomic uncertainty and the likelihood of recessionary conditions impacts selected performance indicators in the US banking sector.
The results obtained contribute to the existing knowledge both for the literature on slack resources and for business practice. From the theoretical point of view, the inclusion of time constitutes a relevant contribution insofar as most of the research on the subject is transversal or uses a relatively short period of time. From a practical perspective, the results show the disparate effect of the different types of slack.
This paper contributes to the literature by analyzing the impact of one of the most important HR practices, performance appraisal, on individual innovative behavior. It is the first to analyze the influence of the perception of performance appraisal practices on employees' IB.
While the literature contains exhaustive studies on correlative relationships between readiness and satisfaction, satisfaction and performance and performance, no study can be found that captures the analysis of each dyad separately then interrelatedly links all coupled taxonomies to examine the nuanced effects of the motivation to transfer learning. It is also important to note that the repository of transfer research finds actionality within myriad academic disciplines (i.e. management, HRD, training); that is to say that trained employees can be categorized as learners.
This study is one of the first to examine the SSS phenomenon in the context of an emerging economy. The findings suggest that the adoption of SSS is a multidimensional and gradual process rather than a static bundle of policies and practices related to choosing the right suppliers.
This study makes two significant contributions to workplace ostracism, employee attitudes and POS-related literature. First, it extends the workplace ostrcism and employee attitude literature by theoretically and empirically testing the ostracISM model to link workplace ostricism and job performance in a field setting. Second, it reviews the joint moderating role of coping strategies, providing boundary conditions for the relationship between workplace ostrACism and performance.
This is one of the first studies that evaluates the role played by Bitcoin taking into account the return and volatility behaviour of this cryptocurrency in the face of variations in EPU. Likewise, another important contribution of this study is the distinction of the influence of EPU in the returns and volatility of Bitcoin by quantiles.
This study contributes to the literature by filling an existing gap in the academic literature on gamification. Drawing on self-determination theory, one of the most influential theories of human motivation, it responds to calls for more research examining gamification effects on users' motivation in the specific context of gamified sport apps. In addition, it extends previous gamification research by empirically analyzing how different game elements influence individuals' basic psychological needs and motivation. Finally, the study has practical implications for gamified apps designers as it offers useful advice on how to design gamified applications.
This study contributes to the field of HRM in the hotel and tourism industry by offering an in-depth look at the existing literature. It also considers the mediation effect of employee satisfaction, which was initially introduced in hotel management and tourism. Finally, such complex relationships expand the dimension of research conducted in HRM and competitive advantage.
This study moves beyond the current literature because differs from past studies in the following aspects: it uses as stimuli neutral brands in terms of affection and a broader range of brands in a broader product category (e.g. clothes). It focuses on different dimensions of the brand love prototype proposed by Batra et al. (2012). Additionally, because consumers' reactions to anthropomorphized brands may be more complex than typically assumed, the current research takes a further step by also considering how consumers' liking for the anthropomorphic version of a brand affects brand love.
This study adds new knowledge to the existing literature by investigating price sensitivity considering the star rating (three- and five-stars hotels). Moreover, the results provide information regarding the range of prices for both hotel typologies (higher in five-star-hotel customers). Managers of hotels may use the mixed-leader bundling to increase their sales and improve revenue, especially in three- andFive-star hotels.
This paper contributes to the existing literature in several important ways. As far as the authors know, this is one of the few papers that have shown that corporate governance is relevant, explaining exposure at the country and bank levels in MENA countries. More specifically, the authors consider an index at the firm level, proposed by Lel (2012), to be a measure of shareholder-oriented governance. In addition to the firm-level features of banks, we have also considered country governance, in line with Aggarwal et al. (2011) and Berglof (2011), who explained the importance of considering the interdependence between the "macro" system and its "micro" level. Property rights and the presence of multiple large shareholders like families, institutional investors and institutions are also considered.
This study is one of the first to empirically examine the influence of cultural intelligence and feedback-seeking behavior on knowledge transfer between expatriates and HCNs, bi-directionally, and to identify the mediating role of shared vision in the relationship between individual and social capital factors and knowledge transfer. This study also contributes to the body of knowledge in the field of knowledge transfer by empirically proving that shared vision is an important mediator in knowledge transfer in the context of developing countries.
The contribution lies both in the empirical literature of CEO compensation in general and the key factors of firm performance in financial sector in particular. This is the first study to explore all these factors simultaneously, which allows us to take a broader look regarding the performance of a firm. The vast majority of previous studies apply multiple regression analysis in order to examine firm performance and its determinants, therefore assuming a linear relationship. Another strand in the literature argues that this relationship is non-linear and found various types of asymmetries (Fong et al., 2015; Matousek and Tzeremes, 2016). This study uses the complexity theory tenets inorder to examine possible asymmetrical relationships between antecedents (CEO's compensation and age among others) and the outcome condition (firm's performance).
This paper provides a general picture of how the degree of co-movement and the conditional correlation between emerging and frontier markets in CEE region and thus contributes to the existing finance literature and research on equity market integration in the CEE countries.
The present study contributes to the literature in four ways. First, the present study is among the limited studies that have applied different economic cycle proxies in a single paper. Second, the study chiefly focuses on the finding the most significant proxy of the economic cycle that impacts the financial fragility. Third, the paper evaluates the impact of the macroeconomic environment on credit risk using a unique sample covering a large number of advanced economies (49 countries) over a much longer period (16 years) than most previous studies. Fourth, the findings link the findings with specific recommendations for formulating effective economic policies to boost employment, employment per capita, GDP per capita and GNI per capita.
This study contributes to the literature by providing new insights into the actual role played by satisfaction in switching decisions when variables related to external reference points are included. Furthermore, this study is one of the first to examine the moderating role of service type (utilitarian vs hedonic) on the relationship between satisfaction and switching intention.
This study is one of the first to examine the extent to which climate change issues have been incorporated into organisations' practices in producing products and services and the influence of financial strength and corporate governance structure on the disclosure of information relating to climate change initiatives.
As a conceptual model, not yet applied and, consequently, not having undergone empirical research, the LDP model is intended to provide a new framework useful to help facilitate the necessary conditions to enhance the economic development of a relevant set of businesses, regardless of whether they are promoted by private and/or public entities.
This is the first study that compares the efficiency of REITs and REOCs in Central-Eastern European countries using a cost-efficiency model. The results of this study can be used as a basis for policy makers and investors to make decisions regarding the implementation of REITS in their countries.
This study contributes to the understanding of the causal chain via which perceived CSR influences purchase intention and perceived reputation. It also provides a broad overview that aids our understanding of how these phenomena are interrelated.
This is the first study to empirically examine the effects of BA on PV and BT in the context of the craft beer market.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study of its kind in the Indian context that has attempted to understand the relationship between the presence of gray directors and the magnitude of CEO compensation across different categories of board composition.
This is the first attempt to link the two fields of research by reviewing the literature (from the late 1980s until today, and including both Spanish and international journals). The ultimate aim is to find out the state of the art in this field and thus to propose future lines for empirical research.
The paper contributes to the literature on the impact of ownership structure on firm performance in the following ways. First, the findings provide a new perspective on the role that family ownership plays in corporate governance as an internal mechanism in family firms. Previous studies have investigated the effect of the degree of family ownership on performance by taking the percentage of shares held by managers who are family members but few have analyzed the Percentage of ownership by the family members of the board. Second, this study expands on the study of family board ownership by examining the influence of family owners who are members of board of directors to understand how this mechanism affects firm performance. The second objective of this study is to shed light on how the generation of the family in charge of the firm affects the family directorship and family firm performance relationship.
This paper is an attempt to combine the informational efficiency and volatility concurrently to analyze the performance of Islamic indices in comparison with their conventional counterparts. Indeed, the market efficiency is not alone enough for capital budgeting and for the analysis of market performance; market volatility is another main axis because it is straightforwardly related to the degree of risk.
This study is one of the first studies to consider the link between leader Machiavellianism and employees' quiescent silence. The findings could advance our understanding of the processes by which leader's Machiavelianism influences organizational silence.
While previous research has predominantly focused on higher education executives and HR managers, this paper's contribution consists in involving young graduates directly in the reflection on their employability and it constitutes a first step to acknowledge the lack of initiatives devoted to soft skills development.
Through different methodological perspectives, this study extends the previous research by providing evidence that organizational supervisory support influences employees' DWB. With an fsQCA, results show the role of employee PSS, POS and cultural dimension to foster employeeDWB. This study also examines equifinality in POS, P SS, power distance and paternalism configurations with respect to DWB, which has not been examined in previous studies.
This study contributes to the literature on the relationship between brand attractiveness and the intention to apply for a job, as well as to the understanding of the behaviour of the millennial generation, which has begun to change the work culture of many organisations.
The main contribution is that the authors consider both entrepreneurship and creation of firms in explaining cross-regional differences in economic growth. Moreover, the main novelty of this paper's approach is that it considers different types of entrepreneurial capital in considering productive sector, size and technological level of the new companies.
The paper contributes to previous research in the following ways: most previous research on additive manufacturing focusses on the technological side of it, while the business side has largely concerned optimisations in production. The descriptions of supply chains related to additive manufacturing tend to focus on home fabrication and thereby omit how additive manufacturing may disrupt, for instance, logistics and prototyping. The power dependence lens is thereby unique to this type of research, while it links to disruption in its creation of uncertainty and act-to-survive orientations. The linking of the empirical phenomenon of additive manufacturing and the theoretical lens of power dependence thereby adds to previous knowledge and does so through the theorising of proactive and reactive balancing and unbalancing attempts of various actors along a disruptive supply chain.
The paper offers a review and an interview-based analysis of the requirements and expectations of some of the top IPR experts from IPR-savvy multinationals, as well as a consideration of the potential social benefits. Furthermore, the practical solutions available have been critically evaluated with respect to IPR databases and IPR software tools. The results of the analysis are presented.
This study is the first to analyze the antecedents and consequences of trust on a virtual team leader within the context of a virtual work environment.
This study contributes to the literature by investigating the role of HC in relation to leadership style and the resulting organizational learning, and the relevance of the department as a unit of analysis, adopting an ambidextrous approach and comparing firms' production and marketing departments.
This study is the first to examine the influence of managers' EI on the adoption of high-performance HR practices in SMEs.
This is one of the first studies to examine how HR professionals' self-perceptions of unethical HRM practices are influenced by their organizational contexts, namely, their companies' ethical infrastructure and CSR practices.
This study is one of the first attempts to identify traits of the most attractive tourism destinations in Spain using a two-step cluster analysis to ascertain the relative importance of natural, cultural, and dual attractions to target consumers. Once identified, promoting attractions that are not sufficiently leveraged will offer important opportunities to the tourism industry in Spain.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to present all the previously proposed measures of time inconsistency in intertemporal choice, trying to find the relationships between them. For example, in this paper the well-known measures proposed by Prelec and Rohde (2010) will be considered by using the ratio of instantaneous variation introduced by Cruz and Munoz (2001).
This work helps to understand whether the WLB practices (besides helping to improve the individual perceptions of the workers) can cause a positive effect on final outcomes of the companies, like the financial performance. Increasing profitability through practices derived from human resources management is not a simple objective, since the manager must consider economic, social and cultural changes.
The main methodological contribution is the use of the clients assisted variable, which has previously not been studied in this context, in the Bass model. Historically, only the sales variable has been consistently used. The authors consider that this study could be a significant opportunity within the scientific landscape and an ambitious challenge to analyse the influence of the sales and customers assisted variables in the different phases of the product life cycle. The originality of this work lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to use the customers assisted variable for PLC analysis.
This paper is the first to link EO with entry mode strategies, government affiliation, and performance outcomes in a newly liberalized market which has been seldom studied.
This research contributes to the literature by examining the effect of three functional areas together, and aims to examine the level of their individual contribution to strategic flexibility configuration. The study also differs from previous ones in the methodology it applies, as it investigates the relationship between strategic flexibility and product innovation in qualitative terms.
The results provide empirical information useful to policy makers interested in formulating a HR policy that caters to their employees' needs and promotes satisfaction. This study is the first to examine the effect of motivational practices on job satisfaction in a cross-national context.
This paper contributes to the literature on the relationship between institutions and value creation in software development models. It is one of the first attempts to analyse the role of institutional contexts in the creation of value in the context of software development.
This paper contributes to existing literature by presenting conceptual research that encompasses a comprehensive review which links the extant literature pertaining to SCM and ESs to supply chain performance. In this regard, this paper is one of the first to provide a conceptual model that links the results of the literature review with the findings of the empirical research.
This paper contributes to fill a gap in the literature, evaluating the association between B-SIZE and financial and reputational performance, using a sample of the 84 largest companies in Colombia as listed by MERCO over the term 2008-2012. Moreover, it provides additional insight on both the agency theory and the resource dependence theory on B-IZE, corporate performance and best practices in corporate governance.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to examine the innovation and R&D processes of SMEs in the ASEAN countries, which are less STI-type due to the current level of technology and size of firms in terms of employees and assets. This paper is also one of the first studies to examine whether there are differences in the performance and conduct of innovation between two types of innovation.
This paper contributes to the recent debate on innovation in tourism, proposing a framework that evaluates how the technological components used in a smart tourism destination can improve the tourism experience. The results of this study will explain some relationships between the approach of a smart destination and the improvement of the tourist experience.
This study proposes the ODW as a pathway to generate brand value by means of online co-creation experiences. In such experiences, users participate in brand promotion by sharing information, ideas and experiences through the official destination website in pursuit of image improvement and desirability toward potential tourists.
This work focuses its analysis on an area that is scarcely studied, that of emblematic hotels and from the perspective of the consumer or guest. However, this work focuses on the analysis of critical success factors from the consumer's perspective.
This paper is a new contribution to the online context of tourism destinations providing a better understanding, both theoretically and practically, of the process of forming e-loyalty among young people, responding with it to the needs and concerns of other authors.
This is the first study that analyses the effect of the intensity of use of different social media on destination brand equity in the context of tourist destinations.
This paper offers a new approach in the academic literature of the cruise industry in two respects. First, in its use of a broad database of actual prices paid by passengers - more than 36,000 observations. Second, in the application of the hedonic pricing methodology widely used in the tourism sector but until now not in the cruising segment.
This paper differs from similar previous studies in several aspects. First, most of research papers focus on bilateral linkages such as oil price vs stock markets. Second, the authors develop the study in a global framework and use international data. The authors employ Brent crude oil price, international gold price, broad trade-weighted US dollar index and the world stock market return index as principal data. Other representative data associated with the expected world economic state, monetary policy, financialization of oil markets, and corporate default risk were employed to control for exogenous and indirect effects. The empirical methodology used to meet aims of the study is then a simultaneous equation system which allows studying all these linkages and grants on the possibility of more adequately investigating the complex system of interactions among oil, gold, forex and stock prices. This approach allows relying on potential links via other indirect effects which confirm the presence of global interdependencies.
The ECSI model is clearly appropriate for the prediction of loyalty in the grocery industry, but it has not been used in markets during recession. Using established models in new contexts and conditions advances the understanding and generalizability of these models.
This paper provides a comprehensive survey of the literature about ABS in business and management. Such overview contributes to the establishment of a dialogue among scholars and consolidation of ABS as a field of research in management and organizational studies.
This study contributes to the literature in three ways. First, it incorporates literature on internationalization to study the possible connection between geographic international diversification and social performance. Second, it sheds light on the debate between CSR and the reputation of MNCs in a very diverse transnational context in which they must meet the needs of stakeholders at both local and global levels. Third, it integrates the mediating role of social performance in the relationship between internationalization and the firm's reputation. Prior studies have hardly analyzed this relationship.
The proposed method may be particularly useful for marketing and digital marketing managers by facilitating the detection of prominent actors within a social network, with the advantage that it is a simple but powerful method for viewing, analyzing and communicating findings. Knowing the influential potentials can generate savings and advantages in regular marketing department practices as market research activities, product launches, direct marketing and public relations campaigns among others.
This paper contributes to the academic literature in the following ways: first, by carrying out a systematic review of the literature that allows us to analyse what CSIR is. This review will lead us to highlight the main perspectives of those who have studied it, emphasizing the aspects that help us define socially irresponsible behaviour and its relation to socially responsible behaviour and, second, establishing the implications of the definition of CSIR at the corporate level leads towards future lines of investigation such as the antecedents, consequences or mechanisms of control of socially irresponsible behaviours.
The main contribution of this paper is to analyze the extent to which the university, social and family context, as well as the psychological factors of a peripheral region, affect the entrepreneurial intention of its population. This intention is especially important among the younger population segment, who have greater innovative potential, as in the case of a university population. Therefore, this segment would be the key to transforming innovation into productive dynamics.
This paper proposes a holistic and dynamic vision which provides a global overview of the RTOs considering all the strategic aspects and the industrial policy issues that so far have been managed in a fragmented way in those investigations, and the historical review of the concerned literature to the R TOs which has not been published until now. It can be seen in some articles, as a vision of the impact of globalization on the RTCs.
The originality of this study lies in two aspects: the design and eco-natural environment proposal as an attraction factor of shopping centers; and the consideration of statistical relations between the attraction factors and the intention to visit as a dependent variable in a complete structural equation model.
The main contribution of this paper is the use of real journey information to evaluate the location of a network of points of sale. While most studies use statistical estimates of buyer journeys, this research also provides an analysis of the correlation between the optimum local and optimum overall locations in a commercial network. This paper is a pioneer in the application of these models in the industry and in the territorial area of study.
This study contributes to the literature by providing new insights into the factors that influence the pre- and post-visit change of the image of a tourist destination. In addition, it is one of the first studies that empirically verifies the influence of the confirmation of motivations on the gap between the image held before and after the visit.
Against the main prescription of resource-based view (RBV) which points IRs as the most likely sources of competitive advantage and theorises that TRs offer no or very limited contribution to overall firm performance, little empirical evidence within the RBV stream exists to falsify the claim. To be able to test the truthiness of this claim, TR and IR should be used together in the same analysis. Moreover, resources are not productive on their own and it is the capabilities that assemble, integrate and manage the bundles of resources (Teece, 2007; Maritan and Peteraf, 2011). Hence, any research that aims totest the effects of resources on firm performance should include capabilities as well as TR andIR in the analysis.
This paper contributes to the scarce empirical research on the outcomes of BF for individuals by developing insights into the consequences of BF and the reasons/conditions that enable entrepreneurs to succeed or otherwise hamper their success after a BF. The pertinence of the study of failure is widely asserted, as are the benefits that emerge from such an experiences. The authors also believe that successful business leaders are not born successful but rather fail continually until they achieve success - a concept that could prove useful to institutions and aspiring entrepreneurs.
The present study is the first to analyze the moderating effect of responsibilities of individuals outside of the work environment on the relation between telework and work-family and family-work conflicts. It also analyzes whether control of teleworkers by supervisors moderates the relation of telework to performance.
This study contributes to the understanding of how workplace ostracism relates to employee performance by extending the search to include the mediating mechanisms that underlie these relationships. The pragmatic impact or the lack of access to access to power and access to opportunity is conceptualized as a condition buffering the negative link between ostracized individuals and empowerment structures.
This paper contributes to the KM and social capital literature through the study of two key determinants of knowledge acquisition - structural social capital and knowledge identification capability - and the clarification of their mutual influence.
This study is one of the first of its kind to investigate the influence of board characteristics of corporate governance measures on the financial performance of Indian manufacturing industries. This study is also the first to examine the relationship between board characteristics and firm performance in India.
This study contributes to research on understanding intrapreneurial profiles, along the lines of competency analysis, developing a measuring instrument while following best practices for the development of assessment tools. Moreover, it addresses the weakness or gap indicated by Slavec and Drnovsek (2012) concerning the small emphasis that the field of entrepreneurship has placed on development of valid measures.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes a simple and tractable way to study analytically how the level of resources increases when a city grows in size.
This study contributes to the understanding of the motivations of the automotive industry for engaging in R&D cooperation agreements in two ways. First, it examines to what extent firms cooperate with external actors in the field of technological innovation, and, if so, with what type of cooperation partner, paying special attention to the role that the size of the firms may be playing. Second, it analyses the factors that turn out to have a determining effect on the decision of firms to carry out such collaborative activities. Specifically, it study how the firm's size may affect not only the decision to cooperate but also with which type of partner, while controlling for other determinants that have been considered in the literature as the main drivers of collaborative activities inR&D.
This paper offers an example of how research into work-based learning experience can be presented in unusual, accessible and interesting ways. It also suggests some strategies which can support creativity in research and in the workplace. They include communicating and collaborating across boundaries; creating space for exploration; revisiting, reviewing and revising; setting an endpoint and parameters with which to work.
The findings provide particular insight into the use of the creative professional artefact as a part of the work-based project curriculum. The findings indicate transformative learning is a possible outcome for students enabling flexible practice by crossing boundaries and boundary-spanning between university studies and the work context. The framing of the artefact within the professional setting clearly created lasting impressions for the graduates interviewed.
This is the first study to investigate the impact of a LSP awayday on team cohesion, collaboration and psychological safety in an organisational setting using a coaching approach.
This study offers some new initial insights into the antecedents for this type of crossover. The respondents, which included both creative professionals and organizations, are all very satisfied with their collaboration. Also 100% of respondents on both sides will consider this kind of cooperation in the future.
This study contributes to debates about "the aesthetic turn in turn in leadership development" (Schedlitzki et al., 2015, p 413), in particular those related to healthcare project management and innovation. Within the limitations of its observational method and scope, its findings suggest that architectural design has considerable potential as a focus of initial learning about work-based creativity for those leading and managing in a different field of practice, provided that it is strongly linked to theory and practice in the workplace.
This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the role of co-creation tools in the design process using extended reality technologies. It provides an insight into how ideation and concepting could be effectively combined with co-creating tools and thus exploited by learners and professionals within the creative industry.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the barriers and difficulties educators must overcome in the classroom if creativity is to thrive and give affordance for arts-based or artistic modalities of assessment. Two major aims were proposed: to identify perceptions of teachers about pitfalls and barriers, which may arise in HE, when students must develop learning activities in which creative thinking through artistic disciplines is required. To explore ways of minimising the potential reluctance of education students when engaging with creative practices.
Additive manufacturing is not new. The widespread use still fails today due to technological problems that are relevant for some applications and also, in some cases, due to still too high production times. Today, however, production technology already has advantages in particular individual order production, such as prototype production. Dependent on the technological development of 3D printing, hybrid characteristics may arise until meeting the desired technological and industry-specific requirements. This means that products are processed using conventional molding processes and gain additional functions and properties through the use of additive processes.
This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the challenges that middle leaders experience in recognising emotions, which are compounded by the disposition of the middle leadership role. This paper proposes that middle leadership should make a conscious effort to function in the DMN mode, which could be achieved by coaching.
This is the first study to examine mentoring in e-internships. The findings suggest that mentoring can be an important pillar of support for e-Interns, similar to traditional internships. Furthermore, mentoring may also contribute to skill development.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it describes a complete new process for developing 21st century leaders, a process that has been developed over 20 years using a combination of best practice, sourced research, in situ evidence-based research and personal experiences.
This is the first paper to propose that work-based research can be used to identify solutions to work-related problems (WRPs) with the goal of identifying solutions to problems and applying these to make individuals, organisations and, ultimately, society itself, more resilient.
This study contributes to the literature by relying on an institution-based approach to explore institutional factors shaping WLB in Nigeria. It is hoped that this approach will "guide the development of career management theory and practice" and WLB conceptualization.
The paper contributes to the literature on African HRM by providing an in-depth analysis of the challenges faced by African human resource managers in their daily practice. The findings of this paper are of value to HRM scholars, practitioners and policy makers alike.
This study contributes to the innovation management literature by proposing an integrative approach to the study of innovation management processes and sustainable iterative circles. The proposed approach is based on a holistic view of the innovation process and its antecedents and consequences.
As the entry routes to policing across England and Wales change to encompass education at degree level for new constables, it is clear that in order for the police service to be recognized as the profession to which it aspires, it requires the evolution of a body of evidence-based knowledge to underpin the profession, similar to those which already exist in medicine and theology. The adoption of such an EBP approach will further enhance the ability of the police services to support the United Nations international sustainable development goal 16 of providing access to justice and strengthen institutional abilities to deliver effective services to the public.
Fostering a positive attitude to character development through action learning and participation is a key element of Amazing People Schools, the SDG4 and the New Draft Curriculum for Wales 2022. This can be achieved through the teacher, as a manager and facilitator, using online applications that focus on a student's understanding of character strengths, and enabling a sustained interest in development and progression. Practical applications enable further advancement and flexibility for teachers whilst encouraging learners to develop their active citizenship.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the nature of work-related problems as messy, co-produced and wicked. It also offers a new perspective on WBL as an approach to problem-solving.
This research has brought a degree of clarity on the topic and offers useful contributions from and guidelines from and to the literature for both researchers and managers alike. The research output has the potential of helping researchers in the future in the clearer identification of studies from the review of literature relevant to their research.
This paper highlights the limitations of language policies as a prescriptive method to standardise language to a specific criteria and the limitations it places upon professionals learning at work. It also highlights the need for a transactional approach to language and communication in order to ensure that work-based learners meet a required standard.
This review clarifies the psychological research evidence, such as cognitive behavioural approach, in the workplace learning domain, specifically in executive coaching setting. In addition, the research focus of workplace learning has been shifted to process orientation by investigating contextual factors like the professional helping relationship between the coaching dyad that enhance coaching outcomes.
This paper contributes to the growing body of knowledge in the area of team challenge management by identifying the characteristics of the manager as coach characteristics that can be used to assist managers in dealing with team challenge. The findings of this study are of value to both academics and practitioners.
This paper is the first to consider the use of co-working spaces as a resource for employers and a learning opportunity for organisations wishing to create their own spaces. The resulting implications and practical guidance presented at the end of the papers for employers are mere starting points to be developed by employers as needed and appropriate to their industries.
This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the FinTech (FinTech) education and retraining sector in UK. The findings of the study will be useful for both academics and practitioners to understand the current status of FinTech education and Retraining in the UK, and to identify the gaps in the sector.
This paper provides a timely reminder for educators of the critical requirement to maintain pace with global demand for a modern workforce, described by Schwab (2017) as the fourth industrial revolution where previously stable jobs may rapidly evolve to require new skills or are replaced by automation.
This paper could be an initial call for people to start working on promoting a new fad and fashion in management learning, which differs greatly from the previous ones: a carefulness-based learning ideal, which would entail the quality of carefulness, critical thinking and a deep learning style underpinned by dispositions to learn and negative capability.
This research contributes to academic research in the field of learning as it offers new insights about a specific phenomenon, learning in the Model Warehouse, and a way to improve it. Moreover, this research is the first to investigate the SL effect in an EL training programme.
This paper contributes to the WBL literature by demonstrating that the facilitation of motivation through a leadership intervention will invariably lead to improved productivity, i.e., successful WBL project experiences, which impacts upon personal and professional confidence and credibility (Costley and Abukari, 2015).
This is the first study of its kind in the UK to investigate the impact of workplace spirituality on work-based learners. The paper contributes to the small corpus of empirical work on spirituality by examining whether recognition of spirituality is embedded in organisational culture through dialogue, policies and procedures; spirituality is a source of conflict within the workplace; employees feel unable to express and observe their spiritual beliefs; and further consideration is needed to the dimensions of spirituality in relation to work- based learners.
This paper addresses concerns in the literature regarding insufficient detail relating to interpretive research design and implementation in healthcare contexts. Insights for those intending to carry out longitudinal interpretive case research in the public healthcare setting are included.
This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the relationship between the use of colour and user preference on choosing financial data. Moreover, this paper could also be used by management educators to facilitate related discussions among students regarding the complexity of business communication and the importance of perception in decision making.
This paper contributes to the understanding of self-directed learning in the context of computing and data science by using action research to examine and transform the learning behaviour of an individual engaged in self-driven learning. The paper also provides an example of how action research can be used as a means of engaging in reflection and self-analysis.
The value of this viewpoint is to encourage readers to think more broadly about organisational interventions, and the thought processes involved in bringing about change, by providing a range of techniques that have helped me to implement successful organisational change programs over the last twenty years.
This paper offers insight into the value of an action learning (AL) approach to curriculum design and delivery of a part-time executive masters program. It also offers insights into the learning benefits of a learner-centric approach, problem-oriented work-based assessment, and a collegial theory-led practical approach.
This case study provides an original longitudinal overview of the development process and outcomes from a six-year collaboration between Halifax Bank and Middlesex University that took place between 2010 and 2016 in the UK. The case study demonstrates that the demonstration of the business benefits of reflective practice can help to sustain effective university-business collaboration and support transformative change.
This paper is one of the first to explore the potentials of participatory research in the field of project management and in the specific context of healthcare. The paper contributes to the understanding of how PR can influence project work in healthcare.
This is the first time that a hypothetical HRM curriculum has been developed and presented in the form of a hypothetical practitioners' guide. The authors believe that this paper will be of value to HRM educators, employers and students of HRM.
The contribution of this paper is to outline new insights into how impact is conceptualised in the context of work-based learning and change research methodologies.
The originality of the paper lies in its application of Ranciere's ideas to work applied management, and in its use of stories from the field of work-based learning. The value of this paper is that it suggests a way of both deepening and widening one's understanding of critical reflection, so that its impact might be stronger and more supportive of action than is sometimes the case.
This viewpoint paper explores the impact of reflective practice and work-based learning research from the coaching practitioner perspective. The understanding and insight that comes from a practitioner viewpoint is important to ensure that the development of practice is tracked over a period of time to improve practice and the client experience overall.
This paper contributes new evidence into how appreciative inquiry processes can be adapted in the context of a work-based learning project, and under challenging organisational circumstances. In addition, the study raises questions about the extent to which such positive change efforts could be embedded or sustained beyond the work- based project.
This paper offers an alternative understanding of "impact" as "what comes out" rather than as a prescribed outcome. It offers a new perspective on the meaning of impact and how it might be understood and represented.
This paper will be useful to managers in the following ways: it provides a concrete way to see blocks on an organisational micro level when their employees are implementing change related to innovation; it increases the number of producers of knowledge in their organisation, for example, it values "ordinary" employees' knowledge in innovation processes (not only the R&D employees); and it helps them to construct together with their employees a space where they can reflect together on each other's experiences and to break down assumptions related to their own perspectives, for instance, sometimes different units in organisations become isolated silos, iStory allows for an overlap for the benefit of the whole organisation.
This paper contributes to the literature on the use of story-based methods in the context of organisational learning and organisational change by exploring the suitability of various evaluative methods and tools for measuring the impact of story in the workplace. It also provides a framework for the development of robust evaluation frameworks for story and health.
This paper provides a new and unique insight by exploring the challenges faced by employers in managing apprentices through one of the earliest CMDA programmes. In doing so, it informs a potential gap in the literature concerning workplace management of degree apprentices, and generates significant impact by identifying the subsequent effects upon performance, engagement and retention.
This study offers a unique perspective and insight to sport management faculty, university athletic department employees, as well as sport management students; as each stakeholder derived very different experiences and knowledge as a result of this collaborative action research study. University athletic departments and sport management programs do not always work together, thus this study provides an example of the effectiveness and feasibility of such collaboration between the parties.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the relationship among the personality traits and organizational commitment in an international setting, particularly in Pakistan.
This paper presents the student, institution, tutor, employer (4SITE) quartet of employability actors. It also postulates the ramifications of the introduction of the teaching excellence framework on employability.
This is the first study to examine the role of management education in developing a new locus of CSR responsibility for CSR professionals in an emerging economy. The findings of this study will be of value to business schools and management education programs in developing CSR-related competencies among prospective CSR influencers.
This paper contributes to the understanding of how work-based learning can be integrated into the Australian education and training system in support of the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF) and how it can be used as a means of building capacity into the education system.
The originality of this paper lies in its use of Slavoj Zizekian ideas in the context of work-based learning and reflective practice, and the way in which the ideas are utilised to demonstrate how managers can mobilise the ideas in practice.
The paper shows how one institution of higher education is forging links with the world of business responding to the claim that university-level learning so often fails to meet the expectations of employers in terms of graduate skills and capabilities. It is also, hopefully, showing how responding to not unreasonable expectations of government that universities have a role to play in supporting the societies and economies of the communities they serve, is possible.
This is one of the first studies to use a work-applied methodology to investigate telemonitoring practice in the context of diabetes. It is also the first study to use control groups in action research methodology.
The value of this paper is that it provides a framework for the development of work-based and work-applied learning to enhance the intellectual capital of organisations in the new knowledge economy.
The originality of the paper lies in the way in which it brings together two different theoretical approaches to organisational learning. The originality is that it argues that we need to change our traditional mind-set of how we see organisations and how learning can be enabled to "reach" out to others to make change happen.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the challenges and prospects of tourism entrepreneurship in the Sultanate of Oman. It is also one of the few studies that have been conducted on the subject in the Middle East.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the nature of the ubuntu spirit in landscapes of practice, and how it can be used to engage with the world in new ways. It also offers an alternative to the commodified individualism which is too readily available in contemporary society.
This paper is based on data generated as part of a wider study that examines the impact of WBL projects across undergraduate through to doctoral level from the perspective of employers and from the employees perspective. The focus of this paper is the specific contribution of one group of researchers to the Nixon et al. study.
This paper provides a new perspective on the role of reflection in WBL. It highlights the importance of reflection as a tool for learning in action, in the present moment, fully utilising observations, articulations and theorisation to strategically transform and re-conceptualize practice. It also highlights the critical role that reflection can play in the development of multi-faceted skills.
- The use of RPL within negotiated work-based programmes highlights the potential of reflective practice to act as a tool to achieve organisational development as well as individual recognition. The linkage between individual learning achievement and organisational change opens up a range of opportunities for higher education institutions offering applied business and management education.
- This paper explains Monash Health's approach to developing a Policy and Procedure on Elder Abuse using action research/action learning. This paper will be of value to those involved in developing policies and procedures to respond to elder abuse.
- This paper provides an overview of the benefits and limitations of having doctors in health management roles in today's complex health environment. The paper also provides a review of the current literature on doctors as health managers.
This is one of the first evidence-based findings about what influences the success and failure of high-rise luxury condominium developments in a country like Sri Lanka. In addition, a comprehensive marketing model of an effective marketing process is developed for forward-thinking professionals in the field to use to successfully market their luxury high-rises condominiums projects in the future.
This paper provides a description of a faculty development course that utilized a learner-centered framework for engaging students in an online course. This framework proposes that students need to be fully engaged with the course curriculum content, with their peers, and with their instructor (Moore, 1989).
- This study contributes to a more robust and insightful knowledge base in this area. It provides insights into KM traits that can promote and encourage knowledge sharing and knowledge acquiring culture in private HEIs in the future.
This study is the first of its kind in the Caribbean context. It provides a unique insight into the use of mobile phones for teaching and learning in higher education in a developing country. The findings of this study will be of value to higher education institutions in developing countries, as well as developing countries in general.
Narrative distance is a phenomenon that has been used in a variety of fields to invite introspection and transformation. Although scholars in instructional design have talked about narrative in important ways, we can still learn how to incorporate the indirect nature of narrative into instruction for the purpose of inviting powerful learning experiences. The most profound kinds of learning are invited and encouraged and facilitated.
This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to explore the use of blended learning in higher education institutions (HEIs) in Bangladesh. The findings of this study can be used by the HEIs to improve the quality of teaching and learning in their classrooms.
This study contributes to the literature by exploring important aspects for PTD which focus on technology-enhanced, student-led and constructivist approaches in mathematics education. These approaches do not apply to FCA exclusively but could be important when developing and implementing PTD for FCA. This insight could provide teacher trainers or PTD institutions with information that could facilitate tailoring PTD courses to participating teachers.
The results of this study indicated that providing an opportunity to engage preservice teachers in a fun and meaningful learning of STEAM integration, their disposition will be changed. Interestingly, prior to the integration, there was only a positive correlation between attitude and confidence and belief in learning STEAM tasks, and the more surprising finding was the more positive correlation with attitude and knowledge ofSTEAM, and with confidence and knowledge.
This study has implications for designing and teaching learning tasks in STEAM programs. Although the findings provide deeper insight into STEAM education, the authors offer several possibilities for future research such as investigating the design and implementation of programs that promote the teaching and learning of workplace and transferable skills.
This study is the first to quantify and qualify students' experiences (e.g. learning, enjoyment and interactions with other students and staff), attitudes towards STEM, and use of 21st-century skills (i.e. creativity, communication, collaboration and critical thinking) as they engaged in the Engineering Design Process (EDP) during the STEM challenge.
This is the first study to examine the impact of faculty support and student-faculty interactions on both behavioral and emotional engagement in undergraduate engineering students.
This study is one of the first to examine the effects of participation in an informal STEM camp on students' perceptions of STEM fields and careers. The findings suggest that informal learning environments may be an effective way to provide students with the knowledge and information they may not have learned otherwise.
This study is unique in that it compares the conceptualization and K-12 STEM teaching practices in India, Italy and Singapore. This research stands to bolster global STEM research by providing a synthesis of STEM education literature.
This paper is the first of its kind to address STEM in the context of teacher education. It is of value to researchers and practitioners alike, as it provides an overview of the issues that need to be addressed in order to ensure that the next-generation workforce is provided bona fide 21st-century skills.
This study is one of the first to explore early childhood STEM identity development in the context of STEM education. It contributes to the literature on early childhood identity development by focusing on the role of early childhood classrooms as a social space for identity work.
The Omni Nano model is unique in that it provides access to a complete and current nanotechnology curriculum that has expert content to support teachers and students through open-source content, community partnerships and collaboration with schools, business and community.
This study extends the predominantly entrepreneurial inclination (EI) studies to the Nigerian Universities' level. Specifically, it investigates the relationship between university's role, entrepreneurship education, role models and students with disabilities' EI.
The significance of this study is the need for a renewed global initiative in higher education to promote the use of social media training for online adjunct faculty members. The implication for online higher education leaders is to review mission statements and reevaluate how social media may impact student learning outcomes, student career readiness and student engagement opportunities.
The findings from this study add to the literature on the complex issues educators encounter when integrating technology into their classrooms and provide additional insights into a humanistic approach to change. Research exists on the success of specific technology platforms and on the implementation of teacher training to support the integration of technology into the learning environment. There is little to no research on the values, beliefs and confidence of educators changing from a traditional learning environment to a learning environment integrating technology.
This study is one of the first to explore students' perceptions of the impacts of short-term international courses at a non-English-speaking university in Japan. The study offers valuable glimpses into the nascent pedagogical practices for future course development. The in-depth nature of the approach enabled insights grounded in students' experiences and invites further confirmation and exploration through different approaches.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a comprehensive definition of CSF for TEL approaches and by identifying CSF that can be taken care of in order to be successful, more efficient and more effective in implementing TEL.
This study consolidates a thorough review of the benefits of applied learning and recommends ways in which traditional classroom sessions can be enhanced by using applied learning solutions. An applied learning role playing workshop to teach a SCM concept will yield higher levels of knowledge gain as compared to the same aspect of SCM taught through traditional learning systems.
This is the first longitudinal study of the efficacy of the PEM in the classroom. It is also one of the first studies to examine the impact of student communication preferences on student performance in the school environment.
This is the first paper to explore the role of technology in the development of SEL in the age of virtual play.
This research is among the first to examine teacher socialization behaviors in their contribution to young children's emotional competence. As noted by Jones and Bouffard (2012), these contributions constitute everyday strategies based on kernels of evidence, "essential ingredients" compared to "brands" of curricula. Continued pinpointing of these behaviors can benefit both teachers and children in the crucial promotion of emotional competence for both.
This paper introduces the program "My BEST friends, the books," an empirical project (in progress) based on a Book-Based Emotional Social Thinking (BEST) approach, aiming to place children in the center of educational action and explore their ideas about literary characters' social-emotional traits and competencies.
This study is one of the first to report on a cognitive remediation intervention protocol that included offering tangible and practical strategies to cultivate social-emotional skills integrated within a supported education program to facilitate access to post-secondary education and improve quality of life prospects for people with serious with mental health issues in a college setting.
The study fills a gap in the literature regarding the development of SEL among elementary education teacher candidates through study abroad and international teaching experiences. In turn, the teacher candidates have committed to take action in order to share their international opportunities with their future students and guide those future students in reading and rewriting the world as global citizens.
This mixed-methods study is the first to examine the implementation of the Sanford Harmony social-emotional program and its impact on students and school climate. Findings from the present study support the need for schools to implement the Harmony program in a manner that is consistent with the MOU-based usage model used in this study.
This study is one of the first to examine the SEL practices of outlier schools, and it provides important insights for educators and policy makers in California and beyond.
This study is one of the first to examine the integration of SEL, CRP and PBIS in the context of a school community. The CRPBIS model can be used as a guide for educators seeking to develop culturally responsive support systems for students of color in schools.
This is the first study to explore teachers' perspectives of SEL in Aotearoa New Zealand primary schools. The findings highlight the need for more research on teachers' perceptions of the SEL process in primary schools, as well as their perceptions of how SEL is implemented within school curricula, and the challenges and challenges they face.
The current study provides preliminary evidence that addressing the social-emotional needs of adults (especially parents) is indeed a viable step to helping children improve their social skills, emotion regulation and general behavior. Specifically, this study confirms that programs with CD general curriculum experience can implement CD PEC with fidelity after a brief training and be well received by families and program staff.
The significance of this study is the need for a renewed global initiative in education to promote debates, research and on-going collaboration with scientific leaders on ethics and programming robots. Educational leaders must initiate a change program which will include the re-evaluation of mission statements and the possible implications of the role of emulation of human ethics by robots used in educational settings.
The data competency maturity maturity model presented in this paper has the potential to guide schools and local education agencies (LEAs) through developing the ability to use the data they collect. This new approach to maturity in data analytics has implications in many other fields where data analytics is still maturing.
This study is the first attempt to examine learner autonomy development within female university-level EFL students in the KSA. Given that English has become the world's predominant lingua franca for academia, business, and politics, this study intends to fill this gap in the literature.
The integration of TRA and TAM model adopted in this study to investigate students' intention to use m-learning has helped to understand the key determinants that influence students' adoption of technology. The model also helped to explain the relationship between the endogenous and exogenous variables. Also, this study contributes to existing body of knowledge by applying structural equation model method for the analysis of data.
This mixed-methods study is the first to report on the success of a district/university partnership TLA in a public school district with a university partnership. It is also one of the few studies to examine the impact of a TLA on the development of teacher leadership.
This paper provides a framework for educational institutions like universities and colleges that would like to offer courses for refugees. The framework can be used as a guide for other educational institutions that want to offer similar courses.
This is one of the first papers to explore the neuroscience of compassion in the context of student group work in HE. It is also the first to consider the place of empathy as a valuable cognitive competency in the execution of compassion.
This paper makes the case for bringing compassion into the classroom at various stages of the education trajectory, from preschool to graduate school.
This study suggests that INIQ increases mindfulness in participants. It also suggests that InIQ may increase students' ethnic learning exploration, which is an important process in ethnic identity development. Educators interested in influencing minority students' positive ethnic identity formation may want to consider making INIQ training available to their undergraduate or graduate students by integrating strategies taught in INIQ in curricula or as part of out-of-class activities.
This study illustrates the capacity for leadership development programs to cultivate students' spiritual development as well as the potential for educators to be more intentional and deliberate in fostering opportunities for students to delve into their spirituality regardless of if they identify as spiritual or exhibit spiritual behaviors. Having an ongoing civic engagement opportunity such as the mural project is an innovative and intentional technique to foster spiritual development among college students.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the connections between the work occurring in schools that is both dedicated to developing students' skills in SEL and to RP. By integrating these approaches together, RP become a vehicle to develop students' SEL skills, which includes communication skills, kindness, empathy, and caring. Thus, efforts to integrate SEL within the school culture and curriculum go hand-in-hand with the development of RP.
This paper is the first attempt to use small data as a conversation starter for learning analytics research. The authors demonstrate this approach with an evaluation study with n=1,905 first-year students, offering them a dashboard for their exam results.
To the authors' knowledge, no studies can be found that evaluate the capabilities of different visualization techniques to support awareness of emotions in learning environments. Also, most evaluations of learning visualizations are done by teachers. Empirical studies focusing on the evaluation of visualizations by students that provide insight into the usability of these visualizations is largely lacking.
Significance of the study is that the researcher adopts the reflective practice as a method for teaching entrepreneurship and the data collection techniques are researcher-directed textual data through reflective learning log. Given its importance, reflective skills have now being recognized as an important proficiency among the professionals and being treated as a good source for critical thinking development, enhancing self-monitoring as well as leading to one having developed good reasoning skills. Furthermore, reflective exercise has also become a vital component for most professional degree programs, namely nursing, teaching and business capstone courses that require final year students to recap and reflect before the end of their university's tenure.
IDeRBlog offers students a unique blending of blogging and various opportunities to improve their orthographic skills. While the writing and working with the "intelligent dictionary" can be considered as the core function of the website it is enriched by a vast amount of print and online exercises as well as courses on various orthographic phenomena. From the perspective of LA IDeR blog offers an exclusive insight into the acquisition and improvement of orthography skills.
This study is one of the first attempts to integrate process mining features with machine learning algorithms to predict academic performance in MOOCs data set.
This paper provides a systemic discussion of educational innovations, identifies the barriers to innovation, and outlines potential directions for effective innovations.
The notion of the university creating and capturing value as a regional ecosystem integrator will spur new business models that further blur the lines between tangible vs intangible incentives and public vs private sector financing.
This is one of the first studies to examine the effectiveness of narrative structures in instructional MOOC designs. It is also the first study to use the suspense peak approach to analyze MOOCs.
The paper is based on the author's own experiences. It is a survey of developments, many of them ending up in a dead-end road. This is what makes this paper also of interest for further research and innovation by showing that certain things do not work or work only if special attempts are made.
This is the first study of its kind to examine refugee education in Sweden and the USA. The findings of this study suggest that the use of culture competence and relational closeness may be best to address the challenges of educating displaced peoples not only in the USA and Sweden, but across the globe. This paper provides a synopsis of the current state of refugee education and an overview of the importance of integration of refugees into their host nations' societies.
This paper is viewed as an addition to existing surveys on the state-of-the-art of stochastic frontier analysis in econometrics, in the sense that it spells out and emphasizes not well-known research methodologies which could be useful for advancing the topic toward more credible and efficient results.
This is the first time that econometrics has been applied to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the authors have shown how it can help to predict the effect of different measures on the epidemic.
The paper presents in a simple formulation the methodology to represent by numerical measures the qualitative similarities, and to a certain extent, the qualitative dissimilarities expressed by experts. Such similarity measures are usually chosen arbitrarily among the long list of possibilities, without checking if they correspond to the expert's interpretation of his/her spontaneous evaluations. It is therefore important to interact with him/her to find out what kind of properties he/she considers to be natural in terms of the behaviour of the similarity or dissimilarity he/ she expresses.
This paper is the first attempt to provide a comprehensive probabilistic structure which might be able to resolve different "anomalies" or deviations observed from the predictions of classical Nash Equilibria (NE here).
This paper introduces data analysis algorithms that have accuracy superior to simple algorithms widely adopted within the banks (such as logisitic regression, decision trees and scorecards) and still maintain the property of interpretability in sense that they provide a decision-maker with a set of rules applicable to assess the borrower. This paper introduces query-based classification approach to credit scoring problem.
This study attempts to resolve methodological limitations by examining a non-linear VAR model that is capable of capturing the structural breaks and regime shifts associated with the cyclical behaviors of foreign capital inflows.
This study is a pioneering effort in context of credit card adoption by proposing a theoretical model to determine factors affecting consumer intention to use credit cards, including perceived risk from TPR, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and social influence from TRA, TAM, TPB and UTAUT.
The results are new. These main results are applied to some special cases including mean-variance portfolio and Nash equilibrium problem. Tools used in this paper can be used for investigating more generalized settings.
This is one of the first studies to examine androgynous leadership in the context of COVID-19. The authors believe that this is the first study to examine the role of androgyny as a leadership style in a crisis.
This is the first attempt to analyse the gendering of Covid-19 in the Italian context and discuss the practices that have excluded women from participating to decision-making regarding the responses to the pandemic and the subsequent management of the post-pandemic socio-economic recovery.
This paper offers a unique perspective on leadership education in the wake of the current pandemic. It is a personal reflection on the impact of the pandemic on the classroom as a space for social change. It also offers practical advice on how to manage the "Day After" with care.
This is the first paper to consider the implications for post-pandemic research of a pandemic during a work-family lockdown. It offers recommendations for future research on essential workers, virtual workers, workers with enhanced family demands, single employed parents, social supports and gender issues associated with these populations and topics.
This is the first review of the gender gap in employment and advancement in COVID-19 and the pandemic.
This paper offers a novel conceptualisation of social space as a "(social) product" (Lefebvre, 1991, p. 26) and explores some of the key points of tension that result from the contested nature of home-work spaces. The authors conclude by suggesting the importance of engaging critically with the realities of homebased working.
This paper extends Lewis and Simpson's (2010) work on the complexity of (in)visibility and explores what it means to women's entrepreneurship in Canada during the COVID-19 pandemic. It illuminates the important differences within this broad category and deepens our understanding of these trends and their impact. The complexities of intersectionality are critical to understand, and their recognition can help to drive a clear evidence base, as well as advocacy as advocacy.
This paper considers the implications of this lockdown for work and family arrangements and examines what is known about remote working to date and its gendered nature in this new context. Practical implications are considered, as organizations plan for and experience the easing of lockdown measures and suggestions for future research are offered.
Drawing on the typology developed by Ashforth and Kreiner (1999) in their conceptualisation of physical, social and moral taint, the authors show that contamination is rooted in structural disadvantage, reproducing classed, gendered and racial difference in terms of how it is encountered and experienced. The authors take "gendering" to include not just a focus on gender relations and gendered power, but other forms of inequality, for example, around class, ethnicity or occupation.
This paper introduces the feminist concept of domestic foodwork to the discussions of the COVID-19 pandemic to draw out its racialised, gendered and classed hierarchies and inequalities.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the relationship between WLB and emotional exhaustion experienced by employees who were working from home during COVID-19-induced nationwide lockdown, and how this relationship differs between male and female employees. The possible association between perceived participative leadership and work interference with personal life was also examined.
This is the first study to examine gender differences in perceived work productivity and job satisfaction among dual-career parents working from home during the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic.
This paper is timely, controversial and can be grounded and contextualised within the interdisciplinary fields of gender and management. The authors conclude by providing direct lines of enquiry for future research.
The proposed strategic lens enhances the effectiveness of the feasibility analysis by aligning it with strategic management theory. Strategic management theory emphasizes organizational uniqueness as a strength and so the enhanced five-part feasibility analysis is tailored to include a longer-term view, which more effectively assesses the overall feasibility of the new venture after the doors are opened.
This paper extends the seminal work of Morris et al. (2013b) by asking whether perceived entrepreneurial competencies can be improved in a semester-long classroom setting. Few students can afford to spend six weeks abroad on an international consulting project to improve their entrepreneurial competency, so the question is of intrinsic interest to educators serving lower socio-economic populations. While this study is not a direct replication of the initial paper, it is a form of systematic replication using the same instrument.
The study proposes a methodology grounded in theory that can help universities design their educational and other interventions aimed at encouraging more students to consider social entrepreneurship as a viable career choice after graduation. The outcomes of the study can help to assess the efficacy of their social innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives for instilling a social entrepreneurial mind-set in students.
This paper is the first to propose that overconfidence is a common psychological attribute of entrepreneurs that leads to firm failure. It is argued that this is a psychological attribute that leads most entrepreneurs to make "bad bets" that will result in firm failure, and that they are not able to properly assess market opportunities or execute on these (flawed) opportunities, which results in failure.
This is the first study to empirically examine the differential contribution to performance due to a difference in the level of the same attribute across FNVs and MNVs. The results of this analysis could inform policymakers on whether policy support for new ventures needs to be tailored as per the gender ownership of the new venture. Similarly, investors and entrepreneurs will be better informed about potential pitfalls given the gender ownership structure of new ventures, and hence, will be more prepared to navigate the challenges.
The paper has made multiple contributions, first, it focuses on the under research stream of process of BMI as suggested by Foss and Saebi (2016). Theoretically, for the first time, it explains how, where and why a leader gets involved in the BMI process. Empirically, It explains, using a single case of an entrepreneurial firm in the emerging market of India, the role of leadership in BMI.
Unlike previous reviews that mainly focused on the general construct of "Business Model", the review focuses on uncovering how firms change their existing business model(s) by including terms that reflect business model innovation, namely, value proposition, value creation and value capture. The review provides a clear guidance on how firms carry out business model innovations by synthesising the different perspectives existing in the literature.
This is the first study to examine the impact of social dominance orientation on female entrepreneurial intention. This study contributes to the literature by examining the role of perception in what drives some women into social entrepreneurship and away from conventional entrepreneurship.
This study contributes to a better understanding of the process through which entrepreneurs scale up their ventures. The interaction between founders' HC and the initial assets at founding is examined to open up the black box of entrepreneurial resource mobilization process. The research findings enrich our understanding of how founders'HC interact with founding assets, jointly affecting NVG.
This paper contributes to the literature on CE in emerging markets by examining the current state of CE research in the context of emerging market firms. The findings of this paper can be used as a guide for future research on CE activities of EMFs.
This study is one of the first to examine boundary conditions and knowledge transfer in the context of collaborative innovation in emerging economies. It contributes to the literature on knowledge transfer across boundaries in the emerging markets. It also contributes to knowledge management studies by identifying the factors that impact boundary conditions.
The authors suggest that the adoption of a broader description of an entrepreneur is re-defining entrepreneurship education in the twenty-first century in a way that is congruent with the current and future labor market considering global, technological, scientific and socio-economic trends. The outcome is to create a more entrepreneurial society, not just new businesses and this begins with the awareness that every individual has the capacity and can acquire an entrepreneurial mindset.
This study contributes to the existing literature by exploring mechanisms at multiple levels. First, it focuses on the mediating role of external factors such as the demographics of the location of the venture. Next, it analyzes factors at the venture level. Resources at the disposal of a new venture play a pivotal role in its performance. The author focuses on two variables - assets of a venture and the credit riskiness. The second mechanism the author investigates is the financial size of a ventures and its mediating effects. The size of established firms has been linked to survival and performance. Although most of the studies focus on the number of employees as an indicator of size, the author proposes instead to analyze the impact of financial size.
This is one of the first studies to examine the relationship between ESE and network ethnic diversity in the context of black and white entrepreneurs. Additionally, it is the first study to compare the influence of ESE between black andwhite entrepreneurs.
This study contributes to the literature on immigrant entrepreneurship by providing a conceptual discussion of the demands of immigration and entrepreneurial intentions on immigrant entrepreneurs in the USA. The findings of this study can be used by researchers to better understand immigrant entrepreneurs' intentions and behaviors.
This study is the first to examine the moderating effect of industry context on the relationship between founding team experience and the likelihood of new venture creation, in the nascent stage.
This paper adopts a multidimensional EO approach to examine the degree of the five EO dimensions - innovativeness, risk-taking, proactiveness, competitiveness and autonomy - and their individual contributions to the increasing/decreasing performance of tourism firms in the Sardinian context. So far, previous studies conducted in the sector have adopted the unidimensional approach focusing on the linkage between the EO-performance considering all dimensions as a unique one.
This paper offers a theoretical framework that explains how TEs may recognize opportunities and take advantage of their exceptional social networks in both their COO and COR (which may be institutionally very different). The theoretical framework suggests how the ethnic and non-ethnic ties of TEs affect firm performance through the mediating effects ofTEs' dynamic capabilities and the moderating effect of institutional distance between the COV and the COR.
This paper extends the use of 360-degree feedback to the field of entrepreneurship by providing examples of how it may help to advance the understanding of important phenomena in the field. It also suggests future directions of using 360- degree feedback in entrepreneurship research.
This research is the first time that commissioners have been interviewed about their views on the delivery of liaison psychiatry services, and the outcomes of the subsequent analysis tested with other health care professionals. It is evident in the analysis of data from the workshop that the themes identified, namely, funding and commissioning, systems and pathways, partnership working and co-production and data, are not exclusive, but inextricably linked.
There is still lack of studies focusing on the direct association among behaviors and social environment and QoL. Therefore, in this study, the researcher applied the PRECEDE framework of Green and Kreuter in phase 2 epidemiology, behavioral and environment assessment to study the association between behaviors, health factors and environmental factors in assessing the quality of life (QoL) of type II DM patients.
This study is the first to develop an instrument to measure the BePFB of parents of preschoolers in urban Thailand. This study is also one of the few studies to develop a questionnaire for parents of toddlers.
This study provides evidence on maternal care practices as key potential drivers of undernutrition in a low-resource setting known for high prevalence of child undernutrition. It provides insight for large scale studies on the predictors of childUndernutrition in Northern Ghana and other resource-limited settings.
- This study is the first of its kind to compare trends of perinatal mortality in two rural areas of Matlab, Bangladesh. Lessons learned from the MNCH interventions could help other national efforts to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes.
The brief-caries risk assessment form was developed to be appropriate for use in public health centers by excluding the questions for unchangeable factors, water fluoridation and fluoride supplement and the salivary test for mutans streptococci levels, thereby decreasing time per visit from 10-15 min (standard caries risk assessment) to 5 min (short form).
This study found that the most Dengue serotypes in Majalengka were DEN-1. This information about serotypes distribution will improve the local government's awareness of Dengue vector control.
This study is one of the first to investigate the needs of stroke survivors and their family caregivers in a rural community in Thailand. The findings can be used to develop appropriate community care services that would then decrease the overall cost of care, support quality of life among survivors of stroke and reduce caregiver burden.
This study is the first to examine the influence of STS imagery on muscle activity by evaluating STS efficiency with surface EMG recording, and the evaluation was easy and safe for the patient with no risks or pain.
This study is the first to compare the defined indicators of TB in the intervention and control prisons after implementation of AHSP for TB and HIV management in Iranian prisons. The results of this study provide significant opportunities to detect and follow up on the treatment of HIV-positive and TB-positive inmates.
- This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to develop a health literacy hypertension test. The results of this study can be used by the Ministry of Public Health of Thailand and Mahidol University to improve the health literacy of hypertension patients.
- The results of the present study are expected to be useful in improving the quality of depression care. Additionally, the information gained would be introduced to promote collaboration between nurses and other health care providers in the health system to ensure a more efficient and effective mental health service provision.
The findings from this review will help guide efforts to reduce stress among caregivers of TBI patients as part of the post-discharge rehabilitation program. This paper strongly recommends that health professionals from government-based agencies, especially the medical social work departments in hospitals and related non-governmental organizations (NGOs), continue to provide appropriate training related to coping strategies for TBI caregivers.
- This study provides a narrative review on CBR evaluations and the potential of the photovoice method when used alone and when used in combination with the quality of life assessment tools as primary CBR evaluation methodologies.
- This study is the first to compare physical anxiety levels in adolescent and young women with PCOS and in other healthy women in a university hospital.
This study is the first of its kind to compare the development, growth and health of children in home-care and day-care settings. It also provides valuable information about policy implications for parents and healthcare providers.
The findings may help to provide evidence for healthcare providers to plan interventions to improve BP control in patients with predialysis CKD in Bali.
There is an urgent need to adopt strategic approaches to overcome the damage posed by this pandemic and we must learn from the different mitigation strategies suggested during past pandemics to gain insights into curbing and containing the present COVID-19 crisis. This paper provides a systematic review and bibliometric analysis of previous research work on pandemic mitigation strategies.
This paper provides an overview of the COVID-19 pandemic and the public health challenges in Bangladesh. It provides an insight into the challenges faced by the healthcare sector in Bangladesh during the pandemic.
This study was carried out among rice farmers in the agricultural sector in Thailand. The findings can be generalized reasonably to rice farmers who have similar characteristics, especially in the central region of Thailand.
- This study is one of the first studies to determine the childbirth fear status of pregnant women admitted to a health center and university hospital in Turkey and the factors affecting the fear of childbirth.
- This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the effect of infertility causes related to gender differences on women's distress levels among patients utilizing a Turkish university hospital.
This is the first systematic review of the effects of yoga on BCRL in both patients diagnosed with BCRL and patients at risk of BCRL up to 2018.
This is the first study to investigate the association between sociodemographic characteristics and insufficient FV intake in Thailand. The findings from this study suggest that both government and local agencies need to consider FV promotion policies and develop intervention and prevention strategies by taking into consideration the potential sociodEMographic characteristics affecting insufficient FVs intake of Thais.
It is extremely important for women to be informed about gynecological cancers for both prevention and for overall health improvement. Health professionals have a vital role to play in increasing the knowledge levels of women regarding gynecology cancers. Raising the level of knowledge contributes to raising awareness and eliminates risk factors.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between smartphone addiction, depression and anxiety among female undergraduates in Nigeria. The findings of this study will help in the development of a better understanding of the addictive use of smartphones by young adults and their impact on mental health.
To date, no study in Spain has attempted to estimate the net present value of human lives lost from COVID-19. This study estimates the discounted money value of lives lost as of 19 April 2020.
- This study is the first of its kind to use open-ended questions to investigate the opinions of youth on why people use prescription drugs non-medically, how to educate people to stop using prescription drugs, and how to stop kids from using them.
There is a need to develop customized NCD prevention policies that address the differential disease burden identified in the rural-urban divide. NCDs are health issues that mainly affect the middle and wealthier classes in urban communities, while this pattern can be the complete opposite in poorer rural communities. This study emphasized the determinants in the epidemiology of non-communicable diseases in semi-urban communities.
- Qigong is an ancient Chinese exercise routine that includes physical activities, breathing practices, and meditation. Physical activities can be seen as a preventive method, and practicing the movements can improve multiple health problems. The meditation aspect plays a vital role in brain functions, inducing intrinsic neural plasticity development and modulating endocrine, metabolic, autonomic, and immune functions, and thus mediates global regulatory changes in different behavioral states, including sleep.
This study investigated the correlation of smartphone output power (SOP) that reflects the smartphone electromagnetic radiation from smartphones causing sleep loss in high school students. Results will provide data for recommending safe mobile phone use and appropriate care and prevention for adolescents with sleep problems.
The study is important because it could provide a comprehensive picture of the determinants of treatment and management of uncomplicated malaria among patients. The outcomes of the study could also be useful in helping advise health policymakers, as well as healthcare workers and patients themselves, with any necessary changes and interventions in finding realistic solutions to any sub-standard treatment and Management practices in the PHC settings.
- This study is one of the first studies to examine women's birth beliefs and associated factors in an obstetrics clinic in the Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. The results of this study can be used to develop strategies for women's care.
- This study has two main points of interest. The first is to understand the factors required in order to conduct focus group discussions amongst the elderly for novice researchers. The second is to describe the researcher's experience with others by sharing the experience of the following published project: "The Effects of Using a Knowledge-management Development Program on Knowledge Management Behaviors for the Health Promotion of Elderly Leaders in the Romyen Community in Thailand".
This is the first commentary on the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal. The paper highlights the challenges faced by the government of Nepal during the pandemic and the need to follow the 6T principle, practice social distancing and promote public health measures.
This research was unique because it was rare to have an active learning method used to teach sex education at a Thai public school at the primary school level. The modules originated from brainstorming sessions with students, teachers, and parents. They use a blend of game activities, video clips, motion graphics, and discussions to prompt reflection on the effects of decisions on their future.
- This study provides a comprehensive definition and a list of its components, which would be applicable to rehabilitation organizations. This could ultimately provide a framework for designing tools to assess IC in rehabilitation organizations, which will ultimately benefit public health.
This study pointed out the situation of demand and supply of contraceptive method use, which can help the government in considering its population policy. If the situation is not addressed, the nation may suffer from a reduction in the labor force and witness an increase in older people and a reduction of the younger generation. Hence, it is important to look at the individual, household, and community characteristics affecting marriage patterns and assessing the contraceptive methods used in this nation.
- Although ED is mainly targeted at young adult consumers, there has been little research regarding ED consumption among university students in Bangladesh. Hence, the present study was undertaken to investigate the prevalence of consumption of ED among students and assess the determinants for preferring such drinks. This study also provided an insight into the student's level of knowledge about the ingredients of ED and their potential health hazards.
The Be SAFE booklet will create learning materials that can be used as an educational strategy, and is designed to provide knowledge and information on drowning risk, drowning prevention, and water safety. It is also expected to enhance parental or guardian skills and competencies in water safety and to increase understanding of drowning issues.
This review of existing literature will help to better understand the meaning of the life experiences as well as the needs of colorectal cancer patients after having surgery and during the recovery period. This could reduce undesirable impacts, promote good recovery and lead to a better quality of life in the long term.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, there is still a lack of knowledge on patient delay among TB patients in Chiang Rai province around the border areas adjacent to Myanmar and Laos. The information from this study could help facilitate the improvement of health care services and treatment for TB patients. It could help improve and increase the utilization of the health facility and assist with seeking early treatment among suspectedTB patients.
The findings from this study can help policymakers and public health practitioners in Thailand and abroad design and support policy both in the public and private sectors. It is argued that social media activities require low budgets and can be more effective in comparison to old traditional solutions.
There have been several very useful studies conducted to try to understand women's issues in Cambodia. However, most of these focus on the issue of violence and women's health separately, while the study of the association between IPV andWomen's reproductive health has attracted less attention. This study aims to explore an association between women with experience of IPV during their lifetime, and Women's decision making regarding the utilization of reproductive and maternal health services in Cambodian women.
This study is the first to develop and validate a screening instrument for MFI among textile factory workers in Cambodia, which can be used as a screening tool in future studies.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the effect of probiotic consumption on increasing the CD4+ T cell counts among HIV patients living with HIV.
This study is one of the first to use system dynamics to analyze the dynamics of dental caries status among adults and the elderly in Thailand. The results of this study can be used to improve the oral health-related quality of life of Thai adults and elderly.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between personality characteristics of risky pregnant women and their prenatal distress levels in Turkey.
This research has succeeded in showing the impact of air pollution originating from smoked fish processing by grilling. Decrease in the value of lymphocytes and mixed cells accompanied by the increase of Hb, erythrocytes count, HCT, MCV, MCHC, M CHC, leukocyte count, platelets, RDW and neutrophils values is caused by exposure to hazardous chemicals contained in grilled fish smoke.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the sexual risk behaviors and sexual harassment among female beer promoters in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
This is the first national-scale HIV prevention education program for MSM and TGW in Thailand. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other HIV prevention programs in other countries to increase the effectiveness of the program.
This study is one of the first studies to assess the cost-effectiveness of TB treatments to Burmese and Laotian patients by Thai hospitals on the border with Myanmar and Laos. The results of this study can be used to improve the quality of care for foreign TB patients in Thai hospitals.
This study is one of the first to explore the basic characteristics associated with KAP regarding malaria among people living in the most malaria-endemic villages of Banmauk Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar. The results of this study can be used to design new, results-based health education interventions.
This study is one of the first of its kind in the Indian healthcare sector. The findings of the study would be useful for the healthcare sector companies in India to spend money/resources for community development with special emphasis on maternal health, in terms of antenatal/postnatal check-up, focus on adolescent health, awareness on female suicide/violence and provision for prenatal diagnostic tests.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the mechanisms of theory of planned behavior (TPB) on cyberbullying among Thai adolescents. The results of this study can be used as a basis for future research in the field of cyberbullies.
This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of husband's international migration on the decision-making autonomy of left-behind wives in rural area of central Myanmar.
There is a paucity of data in Nigeria on the use of MUAC in the assessment of overnutrition. This study showed a remarkable comparison between MUAC and BIA in the Assessment of Overnutrition in children and adolescents in Benin, Nigeria.
This study provides useful data for the Nakhon Ratchasima provincial public health officials to plan an ongoing safe sex curriculum in vocational colleges and schools in order to promote safe sex behaviors.
This study is the first community-based case-control study in Thailand to determine the factors associated with the recurrence of DF at the individual, family and community levels.
This study provided clear recommendations to increase the QoL of older adults by setting up health promotion programs to increase their physical and mental activities, the source of income, community involvement, family relationship and perception of health status.
The results of this study may help policy makers to understand the need for education programs aimed at making residents in local neighborhoods aware of sources of air pollution and related health risks. The environmental management authorities need to invest direct efforts on risk communication strategies to motivate personal direct perception or awareness of an environmental problem such as air pollution. This approach enhances the individual's understanding of the importance of environmental policy measures, which makes such measures easier to accept by residents in each community, and enhances personal responses to reducing exposure to pollutants.
This is the first study to investigate the effect of smartphone electromagnetic radiation on nocturnal headaches in adolescents in Thailand.
This is the first study of its kind in Nepal. The findings of this study will be useful to the Nepali Government, the Nepalese Government and other stakeholders in the field of vector-borne diseases.
The study emphasized that MSDs are a significant occupational health problem in rice farmers. Personal and work-related factors such as gender, age, body mass index (BMI), BMI, work experience and farm size influenced the elevated risk of musculoskeletal pain in different parts of body. These factors suggest a training program to prevent and reduce musculOSkeletal complaints for rice farmers in the agricultural setting.
This is the first systematic review on the cognitive training and physical exercise for the elderly with the mild cognitive impairment in the Asia-Pacific region. The results of this study can be used as a guideline for public health officials to design and implement a cognitive training program for elderly with MCI.
This study provides more understanding of socio-behavioral determinants related to oral health and benefit policymakers involved in improving the status of oral health in Thailand.
The paper is a useful source of information for new graduates on the highest attainable standard of health. It is also of value to those who are planning to take part in the final orientation course on health for all.
The smoking cessation program and the smoking behavior program helped male high school students to quit smoking. This program was based on the IMB skills and stages of change models affecting self-esteem, attitude, perception, and practice regarding the control of smoking behaviors, and cotinine levels in the urine of male high-school students. This study is the first of its kind to examine the effectiveness of the cessation program on self- esteem, attitudes, perceptions and practices regarding smoking control.
This study provides vital information on the quantity of a plant protection product that contaminates uncovered body regions and clothing worn by the operator. This study can help to inform and develop a spray service provider network to provide knowledge of occupational health and safety to farmers in Thailand.
The results of this study shed light on the feasibility of enhancing the capacity and value of older persons in the ageing society of Thailand and elsewhere. This study is one of the first to investigate factors affecting the potential for voluntary civic engagement among older persons.
This is the first study to investigate the characteristics of water containers influencing the presence of Aedes immatures in an ecotourism area.
This retrospective cohort study applied the semiparametric extrapolation method to estimate the survival function throughout the lifetime of patients with strokes. The more refined method of LE and EYLL estimation used in this study provided precise and clear evidence on long-term survival regarding stroke. The up-to-date information on lifelong stroke burden could be beneficial to generate appropriate interventions and evaluate the benefits of stroke programs.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of the motivation program to quit smoking in RTAF officers with non-communicable disease risks.
The findings of this study could be used by stakeholders to develop better strategies to improve asthma care at the primary care setting. Further improvement in the quality of the process and structure of asthma care is definitely needed as documentation of asthma-specific information and availability of resources that are important to assure optimal asthma care are deficient.
This study is the first of its kind in Uganda. It is hoped that it will be the first in the Sub-Saharan African region. It will be of value to researchers, public health practitioners and policy makers.
This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to use the Dual Approach Program to promote sexual abstinence in early female adolescents and improve parent-daughter sexual communication.
The results of this study might provide evidence of the rate of hyperlipidemia and HHcy, and the relationships of serum lipids, PDGF and Hcy in patients with hypertension. Understanding those relationships could help identify biological mechanisms which cause these parameters to be significant risk factors for cerebrovascular disease and thus help reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease.
This study is one of very few, to the best of the authors' knowledge, that addresses international travelers' health risks, while abroad, from an ecological perspective. Research on how international travel helps facilitate the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases is mostly quantitative and generally focus on the context or nature of travel. Long-term ecological triggers are rarely studied.
This is the first study to examine the QOL and its predictors in patients with multiple injuries in Thailand. It is expected that the current study would generate new knowledge regarding QOL.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the levels, trends and socio-economic correlates of caesarean section deliveries at the district level in Karnataka.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the antecedent factors of MI among primiparous Thai teenage mothers during the first year after birth.
This study could provide reproductive health data that is useful for public health professionals and healthcare providers in planning and implementing strategic health plans. To improve ECPs services in urban areas, policy makers need to consider offering 24-hour services (24-hour opening hours) in the community.
The MBHE should be applied as a complementary treatment in stage I hypertension amongst patients in groups to produce awareness, acceptance and self-regulation for self-management in cognitive and also to control behavior promotion. These actions have a positive effect on patients suffering from hypertension and at risk of developing cardiovascular problems.
This study provides useful information for health policymakers and practitioners, especially those whose remit includes adolescent health, to understand barriers to access and use of adolescent health services.
This study is one of the few studies that have been carried out on the knowledge-and-skill competency awareness of healthcare providers in Thailand. The findings can serve as empirical evidence for policy setting and for a plan of work or for guidelines for furthering the capabilities of personnel on a level consistent with the expected competency of a provider.
This study is the first of its kind to study the effectiveness of the program to increase health volunteer ability in basic care for the dependent elderly in the communities of Nakhon Pathom Province.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the factors that influence the choice of place of birth by pregnant women in the northeast region of Nigeria.
Although some studies shed light on psychotic symptoms management, little is known about the caregivers' strategies in managing psychotic symptoms in various circumstances. This study contributes to psychiatric nursing practice in that it offers a new understanding of how caregivers manage psychotic symptoms of persons with schizophrenia.
This study is one of the first studies to evaluate the effectiveness of the Brief Lifestyle Change in conjunction with Dental Care (Brief-LCDC) Programs on glycemic and periodontal status among DM patients in Thailand. The results of this study provide evidence that the LCDC program can be used to improve the glycemic status and the oral health of DM patients.
The findings can be used as key information for promoting healthcare behavior among the elderly, leading to a better QOL in the future. Focus on functional-based exercises for interventions should be encouraged to improve the QOL for older adults.
To the authors' knowledge, while some published literature identified determinants of physical violence among women in Indonesia, there is a paucity of scholarly research that attempts to assess women's approval of being beaten by husbands in Indonesia. This study aimed to describe the trend of women's acceptance of domestic physical violence and examine the determinants.
This research is the first of its kind to redesign a CPM machine for TKR therapy in Thailand. The results of this research will be useful to the healthcare system in Thailand and other countries that are considering the implementation of home healthcare physical therapy systems.
There is a paucity of research on sleep quality among industrial workers in Thailand. This study is the first of its kind to examine the prevalence of and risk factors for poor quality of sleep and its impact on work-related injuries among Thai industrial workers.
This study is the first of its kind in Thailand to assess the acceptability, the outcomes of using MTP, and side-effects and service delivery.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the correlation between conditions of caring for the elderly and family caregiver stress in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The findings of this study can be used as a guideline for the family caregivers to be prepared for long-term caregiving for elderly.
This study investigated the association of chlorpyrifos residues and blood cholinesterase activity with behavioural factors among young children living in an agricultural community. Toddlers may be at a risk from residential exposure to pesticide. The current study evaluated only pesticide exposure via dermal routes, mainly hands and feet.
The HBM-based intervention had the benefit of reducing the BMI for age among overweight junior high school students who complied with the program. It also improved the participants' knowledge about health and their health behavior. Although such a program may not be realistic for many health-care systems, the findings may be useful in the development of future treatment programs.
This study demonstrated that the application of pesticides was observed to be widely applied in the agricultural sectors of Khao Koh district, Phetchabun Province, Thailand. The results showed that there were glyphosate and derivatives of glyphosate (AMPA) in soil and sediment samples, while herbicides and insecticides were not found in water and agricultural samples.
The results would be useful to the Department of Local Administration or other organizations as it can be used as a model to form a strategy for survival planning. The elders have a high knowledge level of earthquake readiness. Their attitude toward earthquake preparedness is satisfactory. In contrast, the correct and appropriate practices are at a low level.
There is a lack of research in Thailand, and worldwide, that addresses the health effects of using mobile communication devices, especially smartphones and tablets, within the elderly population. The HEPA application offers the potential to assess the current health effects from smartphone and tablet usages among elderly people.
This is the first study to assess the level of knowledge and practice of BF among factory working mothers in Kathmandu, Nepal.
This study is the first of its kind to assess the accessibility to reproductive health rights among adolescents in Thailand. The results of this study would serve as the preliminary data for the authorities concerned in developing suitable measures to promote accessibility to health rights in accordance with this Act.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the factors affecting the capabilities of FDC staff regarding promotion of pre-school language learning amongst parents in Thailand. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for further research in Thailand and other developing countries.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of FLFP, caste system and paid maternity leave on child mortality in a developing country.
This study was conducted in a plastic bag factory where the workers wore neither respirator nor gloves. The study aimed to investigate toluene exposure of the printing workers and the potential of CCP as a dermal sampler to assess the skin permeation of liquid to LU through the association of to LU exposure and UTol.
This is the first study to measure the level of patient satisfaction using various dimensions of services to predict the gap between patient needs and patient satisfaction regarding pharmaceutical care services in Indonesia's health coverage system.
This is the first application of SROI in the context of a community-based alcohol-control program in Thailand. The results of the study provide a useful tool for the evaluation of public health programs using public money.
The results of the test results showed that the basic dengue knowledge of the VHVs was good before intervention, but they had a poor knowledge of larval indices. However, both PCUs had an increased understanding of the Larval indices after intervention, because the intervention program developed their knowledge and skills on the topic. The comparison between the outcomes before and after intervention showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups.
The results of this study showed that non-rinsing and the amount of fluoride toothpaste used play an important role in raising salivary F retention and prolonging remineralizing levels.
This study demonstrated that exercise, when presented as a form of lifestyle intervention in combination with art and culture, effectively improved functional fitness. Thus, incorporating activities derived from shared cultural practices that require several lower extremity muscles, such as the giant marching and side lunge movements, into a health promotion program for older persons may help improve their well-being.
This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to assess the contemporary knowledge and attitude regarding the essential newborn care practices to intervene and educate mothers in future for proper practices and to enable the health planners and policymakers looking into this important issue targeting different demographic factors.
The findings from this study can provide value information for health care providers and health policy maker for designing an appropriate strategy to improve antihypertensive medical adherence among elderly hypertension patients.
This study is the first of its kind in Bangladesh to examine the effect of elimination of diseases on expectation of life in Bangladesh.
This integrative review included 33 intervention studies. The reviewed studies reveal that several types of studies are commonly targeted in programmes and interventions to improve adolescent sexual health outcomes, especially in the early adolescent. The interventions were different in terms of participants, intervention instrumentation, dose of intervention, measurement times, intervention instruments and boosters given. Recommendations for future studies are needed to consider methodological and substantive characteristics as well as the people who are involved in youth sexual health.
This is the first study to investigate the prevalence of cognitive impairment among Thai older hill-tribe people and highlights the awareness of cognitive decline in this population. It is recommended that public health education and health promotion programs should also be concerned with dementia risk factors amongst this group.
The majority of elderly NH residents in Yogyakarta province, Indonesia, had a fair level of QoL. Furthermore, perceived adequacy of care and reason for living in an NH were highlighted as predictors of QeL. Hence, improving adequate healthcare services and developing treatment strategies by the professionals in healthcare and social workers is required in order to support the Qo L maintenance in elderlyNH residents. The findings of this study would be beneficial as baseline information in making the future policy strategies relating to the quality of life amongst elderly in NHs.
This study is one of the first studies to determine the relationship between early initiation to breastfeeding and stunting in children 6-59 months old in Indonesia.
The results of this study will inform professional nurses and guide professional policies on how to provide appropriate health care services for patients with advanced stages of cancer in a community setting.
This research is based on the HBM as a theoretical framework for the prevention measures and for designing intervention measures. It is necessary to encourage people in the community to receive knowledge about the disease, promote risk perception and benefits of prevention activities so that people can find solutions to reduce the risk of dengue.
The GM possesses potential biological properties without producing noticeable side-effect. It boosts up immune systems, reduced metabolic syndromes and its associated diseases, respectively. Therefore, GM and its isolated xanthones are safe for people.
This literature review offers evidence that the ergonomically designed workstation is the recommended intervention that can reduce and prevent the risk factors of WMSDs among HCWs.
The paper provides an overview of the concepts of health, disease or illness and health in the context of their environment. It also provides an approach to health development.
This study can help counseling psychologists and clinicians who work with LGBTQ addicts in order to gain a wider perspective, such as the fact that not only the psychological treatment of LGBTQ addicts needed for recovery (such as counseling for unsatisfied relationships, healing traumatic experiences from sexual/physical abuse and social oppression), but also the social movement that promotes equality.
No previous studies have tested the effect of educational programs on knowledge, attitudes, and use of condoms and emergency contraceptive pills among Thai university students. The educational program increased knowledge and intention toward condom use.
This study employed a set of questionnaires that produce client perception on client's perception during the rehabilitation phase of treatment. Further, a qualitative research is suggested in order to obtain additional data about relapse risk which is relevant to current situation.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the prevalence of tobacco use and associated factors influencing the use of tobacco among adolescents in a school setting in Bhutan.
Findings from this study are of crucial interest to policy and decision makers who set up policies for adolescent girls' education, health and well-being. Needs of the married adolescent girls should be addressed during policy and program formulation in Bangladesh.
This study is one of the first studies to provide examples of menu board design to convey SSF information and health messages in school cafeterias. The results of this study can be used to effectively educate high school students about health and SSF content in their diet.
This study is one of the first studies to identify the factors related to community health and delineate the phenomenon of MP in Thammasen sub-district.
- The paper provides a cost-efficient plan for developing a health improvement plan for the sustainable development of health.
This paper provides an overview of the current situation of health care in Thailand and the need for a pro-active approach to health care development.
The Lahu tribe is the second largest population among the hill tribe communities in northern Thailand. They have many festivals that involve alcohol use. However, there is no information available on the pattern and perception of alcohol drinking among the Lahu in Thailand, and no data on the effect of globalization on their drinking habits and practices. Therefore, the results of this study will inform future health education and health programs in the region in reducing the use of alcohol among theLahu population.
This study has led to a new understanding of the relationship between emotion regulation strategies and successful aging in elderly Thais. These older adults who used the cognitive appraisal strategy to manage their emotions were more likely to report overall successful aging. In addition, the older individuals who frequently suppressed their emotional expression reported less successful aging, suggesting that the cognitive reappraisal strategy can facilitate successful aging among older adults.
The significant weight loss in the intervention group was 10.2 percent greater than in previous studies because those involved longer lifestyle modifications that required several specialists and thus, implying higher cost-effectiveness to achieve high weight loss. In addition, the interventionist was not only a health professional but also a successful weight loss achiever who acted as a powerful cue to stimulate participants to accept and conform to the program recommendations.
This study is the first of its kind to compare the effectiveness of HFMD prevention and control measures between high and low epidemic areas in Thailand.
There is a dearth of information regarding factors determining the compliance of mothers in respect of childhood immunization in south west Nigeria especially Ekiti State. This study was therefore carried out to investigate factors that determine the compliance with child immunization among mothers of children under five years of age in Nigeria.
This is the first study to investigate the quality of life and mental health of older workers in community enterprises in Nakhon Ratchasima province.
This is one of the first studies to study the efficacy of the district TB co-ordinating team on health service performance for suspected pulmonary tuberculosis patients in a district hospital in Thailand.
The empirical study is the first and outstanding research finding of Thailand because Thai immigrant employees who looked after their aging parents are less stress than immigrant employees without rearing their agingParents due to blood bonding in Thai society. Therefore, employers should set up activities (i.e. exercise, entertainment, and relaxation) to reduce job stress. In addition, it can increase the labor productivity.
- The paper provides an overview of the current situation of emerging infectious diseases (EIDs) in the twenty-first century. It also provides an insight into the role of international leadership for the control of disease outbreaks.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, few studies have evaluated QoL among family-member caregivers in Thailand, and there is no specific tool for measuring QOL among Thai family- member caregivers. Therefore, the authors adapted the Caregiver Quality of Life Index-Cancer (CQOLC) scale, a global tool for assessing caregivers' quality of life among patients with cancer, to assess the association with self-efficacy and social support among primary family-members caregivers of cancer patients in Thailand.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the knowledge, attitude and practice of municipal solid waste management among highland residents in Northern Thailand. It provides a basis for development of waste management in highland community as a whole.
Although western research has revealed data on the recovering experience of IPV survivors, little is known about the adaptation methods of abused Thai females to survive and overcome IPV. This study helps shed light on the method of overcoming and recovering of women with IPV in Thailand.
The study used a convenience-based sample. Generalizability cannot be applied to all young college women in Thailand. However, the results of this study can be used to improve the HPV vaccination program among young women in developing countries.
This is the first systematic review to examine the impact of community-based HIV testing and counselling interventions on testing uptake and other secondary outcomes. The findings of the study provide a basis for further research to improve the uptake of HTC.
This study presented an integrative review of qualitative research concerning the discharge readiness of patients who underwent primary THR. Results indicated a lower perception of preparedness and willingness for discharge by patients than by healthcare professionals. Five major themes were identified including physiological experiences, psychological experiences, coping ability, needs from the healthcare team, and family support. These themes influenced the readiness for discharge of THR patients, and this issue should be given significant future consideration.
The results would help to raise awareness of the issue. The government should make a national policy for the prevention, control and elimination of silica exposure and silicosis so that primary prevention can be ensured. Raising awareness of workers and plant owners could reduce the health hazard.
This is the first study to investigate the patients' attitude toward screening for DM in dental clinics in Thailand.
The results of this study can be incorporated into a focused discussion led by the Nursing and Midwifery Bureau of the Ministry of Health to develop national standards of practice for neonatal nurses in Cambodia. Moreover, the experts were encouraged to add more components of standards according to their experience.
This is the first study to assess the validity and reliability of an adapted-for-purpose questionnaire designed to capture urban HHEs among Malaysian households as part of a larger series of studies to develop a health microinsurance scheme in Malaysia.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the effect of unilateral Swedish massage on the brain activities measured by EEG. The results of this study can be used as a basis for further research on the effects of Swedish massage.
This is the first study to analyze the training program factors to develop the competency of regional operating officer (ROO) in the VSPO in Thailand.
This study is the first of its kind to assess the dust pollution condition in selected point areas (residential, commercial and industrial) of Mingaladon area, Yangon region, Myanmar to find out the association between PM concentration and its determinant factors.
The paper provides a new perspective on medical care globalization and medical tourism, which has not been discussed in the literature.
The results of this study will help to determine health promotion policy and health care services in the near future. The results of the study will be useful to health care providers and public health professionals in Thailand.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the relationship between PFPs and BMI of school-aged children in Thailand. The results of this study could be used as a reference for policy makers and health professionals to design appropriate interventions to reduce obesity in children.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the variety of foods consumed by older people in northern communities of Thailand. This knowledge will help community nurses and health care personnel to design clearer and more comprehensive "care for older persons" and prepare the community to be involved in producing sufficient and quality foods to meet the demands, and which can be purchased and used for health purposes.
The value of the paper is that it offers a new approach to the use of critical social science as a research methodology in universities in times of crisis.
- The paper provides a unique perspective on the role of universities and research in times of crisis. It is of value to academics, researchers, policy makers, government and practitioners.
This study provides a way of ensuring involvement of stakeholders in the process. Appropriate use of technology and participation of a variety of experienced professionals can make this transformation feasible in a short time. The swiftness and collaborative efforts of educational institutions with their professional counterparts will help us to be better prepared for educational practices when the COVID disruptions are tempered.
The authors encourage qualitative researchers to take advantage of CAE as a research method to collect and analyze as much data as possible during the pandemic, when our social interaction is extremely limited. In other words, the authors do not promote CAE just as a temporary methodological solution; rather, they appreciate the full potential of CAEs as a method of qualitative inquiry to be used to gain further insights into social reality.
This paper provides an account of teachers' experiences of researching with the "Sturm und Drang" of COVID-19 in narratives drawn from a research project that sought to illuminate the constitutive moments of teacher identity in relation to the pandemic. The authors argue that teachers' stories of teaching with the pandemics provide a rich source of information for future researchers and educators.
This paper provides a unique perspective on the role of universities in times of crisis from a vice-chancellor's point of view.
- This paper is a personal reflection on what matters in the here and now. It is a reflection on the virus and its impact on the personal, the public and the pedagogical. The virus has moved me to think about what my human needs should be: a place to be safe, to be gentle and to create gentility; a place for collectivity, equity and to insist that this place matters.
This study is one of the first to examine the importance of sustainable innovation on products and services innovation, in companies in the northern region of Rio Grande do Sul state (Brazil).
The theoretical contribution of the present research lies on the fact that it interconnects different concepts to suggest that fan plays about pop culture refer to ludic prosumption. Thus, this research aims at endorsing the discussion about how different fan practices can manifest the prosumption in Web 2.0 scope.
This research contributes to the understanding of the intentional behavior of buying organic products, which is essential for the sustainable consumption realization, since Brazil is the third largest producer of organic products and has the largest consumer market for organic products in Latin America.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of CSR on talent retention among Generation Y in a financial services industry, particularly in the accounting profession.
The paper is inserted in the essence of such considerations. From an empirical perspective, the paper aims to insert the social capital theme into the reality of early-stage entrepreneurs, whose business is in existence up to 42 months.
This study contributes to the literature on marketing and online consumer behavior, more specifically in the context of group buying, by identifying the factors that affect consumer satisfaction and loyalty to group buying websites. It should be remembered that the Brazilian context differs greatly from the models traditionally adopted and widely researched in countries such as the United States, China, Taiwan, Germany, Russia, Germany and Brazil.
This is the first bibliographic review of the national scientific production on the theme of SHRM in Brazil and the institutionalization of the research on this theme in the country and the relationship network among research institutions. The outcomes presented supported the proposition of a study agenda that indicates new research paths regarding the implementation of strategic HR practices.
This study contributes to the understanding of the consumption of online pornography in Brazil, which is still incipient in the field of consumption studies. It also contributes to a better understanding of female sexuality in the context of pornography consumption, which has not been studied in Brazil.
This paper contributes to the literature on the choice of pension plans by showing that automatic enrollment in pension plans that depend on individual decisions is not an effective way to improve savings decisions.
This study is one of the first to analyze the OLC of startups in the Northeast region of Brazil, which is a region that has not been studied in this way before.
The use of metaphors in film analysis made it possible to interpret concepts in order to better understand organizations. The metaphors present in the film facilitate the understanding of internal and external dynamics of organizations, proving to be an interesting and creative way for the teaching-learning process.
This paper contributes to the existing literature on the application of LPD and APM in the construction industry by investigating the potential application of its technical and social dimensions in one of the most traditional industries.
The honeycomb model is a new approach to understand how to increase engagement on social media using the honeycomb approach. It can be used as a tool to improve the effectiveness of the firm's digital marketing plan on Facebook.
This study contributes to the understanding of how the innovation process occurs in companies, since the development of innovation may assist companies in the elaboration or review of their strategies and innovation management policies.
This paper contributes to the literature by adding evidences on the consequences of gender diversity in management regarding strategic decisions, which involve important contracts between the company and important stakeholders in a developing economic environment and not represented by purely economic models. In the managerial sphere, the results can raise discussions on the use of monitoring mechanisms, helping the decision to favor policies that favor more heterogenous groups within the composition of management bodies.
The proposed procedure structuring method can be applied in the aircraft maintenance process in order to reduce the total downtime and increase the availability of the aircraft.
The results contribute to the understanding of the decision-making process of a single item in a specific way. The teenager, as part of the nuclear family - a couple and their children - can be seen as the one who points out characteristics and alternatives or tries to persuade his/her parents to acquire the automobile considered the best choice.
The automation of the collection and organization of the patent information demonstrates that researchers, as well as any member of society, interested in knowing and/or evaluating technical information present in patent documents, can have access to new technologies. Thus, through the use of this computational tool, information related to patents, previously deposited only in the deep web, becomes easily accessible in dynamic search interfaces available on the surface web, contributing to the expansion of technical and scientific knowledge, which in turn can bring a series of benefits to the nations or corporations that make use of them.
This is the first study to investigate the relationship between urban resilience and sustainable development policies in smart cities in the state of Sao Paulo. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the implementation of sustainable urban development policies of smart cities, as well as for the development of the concept of urban resilience.
This study is one of the first to empirically examine the mediating role of learning capability on the relationships between technological capability, relational capability, and the performance of SMEs in developing economies.
This research analyzes every relevant aspect to the applicability of low-cost business models in Brazil, driving to discussions and conclusions. It identifies crucial factors for the development of that kind of business and investigates the relationship between low- cost buses and other modes of transport.
This work can be justified by the gap in studies that focus on platform management, especially the analysis of the strategic environment. Business environment monitoring is an alternative that enables decision makers to use data and information to better understand the external elements and interconnections of various sectors, translating this understanding into the required planning and decision-making processes. The results achieved here serve as a focus of attention to the main factors that may be responsible for relevant changes in the actions of crowdfunding platforms.
Differently from other studies, this one is concerned with capturing the sensibility regarding the participation of VC/PE funds in the companies' capital structure before their IPO. Also, the recent crisis in the country's economy might shed light on the relevance of these funds as alternative development sources in the Brazilian market.
This paper presents the IMP of the FAZ Program filling a gap with a research that analyzes an IMP's results according to the public policy goals that support it. The analysis of the results from the program is important because it gives insights about the expected economic return of the public policies that support the program.
This study contributes to the development of a model of the innovation value chain in strategic projects of the Brazilian Army, which can be used as a reference for other organizations that are involved in the development and implementation of similar projects.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is the first application of the lean method in a small company in Brazil. It is also one of the few studies in the area of product development in the context of small companies.
The study offers some academic contributions. The first is the focus on organic food. This topic, from the consumer's perspective, is not much explored in Brazil, even with the growing market for these products. The second contribution is the combination of perceived value, attributes, trust, and purchase intention in a single prediction model. And the third is the evidence of scales validity for attributes, perceived values, trust and purchase intentions.
This paper provides a comprehensive framework regarding how the PPS approaches evolved to better fit within the context of radical innovation. This finding provides a rich portrait regarding the approaches, helping scholars and practitioners to identify when and how to use these approaches according to the innovation level. Finally, the authors provide a theoretical framework in which these approaches associate these approaches to the level of innovation.
This study is the first to map international scientific production on sharing economy through the analysis of bibliometric and sociometric indicators, as well as content analysis, which enabled the identification of the main methodological approaches employed by researchers in the field and international aspects of research in the sharing economy field.
This is the first study that investigates the impact of culture, evaluation of store image and satisfaction on purchase intention at supermarkets. It is also the first one that examines the relationship between culture, satisfaction and purchase intention.
This is the first systematic review of studies on Brazil's image and personality from the perspective of the cordial man of Roots of Brazil. The paper presents an agenda for future management studies that may be influenced by traits of the Brazilian personality.
The findings are original in their way of exploration in this market and contribute to filling the existing gap in this literature. Also, the authors present an important advance on Chen (2017) in discussing the effect of growth on value and growth stocks in an emerging market under the context of shareholder value creation.
This study is characterized for combining SCRM and hybrid production systems, which are not always present in organizations. Studies on risks in SCs and hybrids are aimed at assessing these themes individually, as the works by Chang, Ellinger, and Blackhurst regarding the risk mitigation in SC and Soman, Van donk, and Gaalman regarding the MTS-MTO hybrid production system.
The results of this research lead to the identification of important elements for the development of this knowledge area, with a significant contribution to the country's scientific production, as well as to a reflection on business practices.
This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the moderating role played by the nature of the consumption (hedonic or utilitarian) in the relationship between the interaction (time pressure x multiplicity of options) and choice postponement of hedonic and utilitarian products in the face of time pressure.
This is one of the first studies to analyze the coaching process from the perspective of experts and practitioners (coaches), addressing daily aspects of its practice, as well as controversial elements in the organizational field. It also examined the role of HR professionals and departments regarding their knowledge and monitoring of this process when hiring such services for their organizations.
This paper contributes to the SE literature by providing a theoretical and practical perspective on the reasons that lead people to become SE workers and how it is to work in an SE; even though sharing, in this context, is not sharing at all (Eckhardt, 2015).
The study verified if and how the specific issues of workers age 50 and over are dealt with in the individual hiring for work, but encountered limitations based on the limited nature of the data presented. In particular, the information presented is representative of its own group and thus is limited to the private sector. Although this cannot be generalized, it offers support for reflections on the subject.
This paper contributes to the development of a management support tool for SS-GP in Brazil, using a contingency approach to project management, considering that adopting a contingency management approach, adapted to the environment where it is applied could increase the chances of project's success in organizations.
This study contributes to the literature on IT governance by identifying the dimensions of OCB that contribute to increase the perceived effectiveness of ITG through the perception of individuals who work in public organizations. It is important to understand the behavioral effects on ITG perceived effectiveness, since the simple adoption of governance mechanisms does not ensure that they will be effective in meeting governmental demands.
This paper contributes to the literature on sustainability by providing an in-depth analysis of the meanings attributed to the strategic decision-making process and its strategic implications in the context of a company that is recognized as a sustainable company.
This paper contributes to the CE literature by providing an analysis of the application of CE practices in a local network and bringing this current paradigm shift into the Brazilian context. In addition to this theoretical contribution, the study provides practical insights for managers and entrepreneurs with the purpose of implementing the CE business model as well as highlighting the need for public policies that promote cross-sectoral cooperation in accordance with the NSWP's objectives.
The originality of this paper comes from the fact that it is the first attempt to identify the critical factors that lead an academic research project to achieve significant social and economic impacts. From a precise definition of such factors, it is possible to define the best way to allocate such investment.
This study addresses a still not sufficiently explored field: the field of analytical models on smart cities. It is based mainly on the research carried out by Giffinger et al. (2007), presenting the six-characteristics model, and the model approached by Khatoun and Zeadally (2016), developed in order to expand knowledge on this subject. Therefore, the objective of this study is to identify the intention of living in a smart city as from its characteristics in the individual perception of the young public based on the proposal of an expanded model.
This study contributes to the literature by showing that traditional career theories are not enough to explain the impact of new technologies on the labor market, based on automation and the replacement of people by IT systems. On the other hand, the approach to intelligent career competencies can help young professionals cope with these transformations.
This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence about the mediating role of LSQ in the relationship between logistics capabilities and CS. The results of the study can be used by producers of lubricating oils in search of higher financial returns.
This paper is one of the first to identify and distinguish, according to the sector (manufacturing or services), the operations management themes most valued by companies for hiring professionals.
This research is relevant for strategic management research field, as it identifies and valuate the reliability of measure instruments that have been used to measure DCs. Besides, researchers can make use of research findings by focusing on perspectives of DCs that still lack reliable quantitative studies.
This paper proposes a minimum set of indicators to be measured by industrial companies to represent their performance according to the TBL approach. This paper is one of the first to propose indicators that cover the main aspects of sustainability performance in industrial companies.
The importance of this research in the theoretical and practical scope focuses on gathering relevant information about the workaround behavior, bringing up positive and negative aspects of the manifestation of this behavior. Besides, no Brazilian study has been identified on workaround in the IS area in the databases consulted (Web of Science, Scopus, Science Direct), showing a research gap on this theme in Brazil. This paper is structured as follows.
This study contributes to the understanding of innovation in the context of Brazilian small businesses by analyzing specific aspects of small businesses that go beyond data on R&D expenses and patents or investments in new equipment.
This paper contributes to the literature on knowledge management, university-industry-government collaboration and interorganizational collaboration in an integrated way, including the role of government, analyzing how effective cooperation can benefit the achievement of individual organizational goals as well as those of the whole society.
This is the first systematic literature review on the role of accreditation agencies in the organizational field of BS. The paper contributes to the body of knowledge on the relationship between accreditation and institutional theory by providing a systematic review of the literature on this topic.
The contribution of this research is to provide an understanding about the evolution of using SEM in Administration in Brazil, the areas in which it is applied, identify trends, tools (software) used, authors and the institutions they are affiliated with. In addition, this research contributes by evaluating the agreement of results from different databases and the ease of searching in each one.
The contribution of the study lies in reorganizing the strategy tripod and the articulation between the theory-method-field research arrangement. The main limitation of the paper lies in the updating of the relationships among the programs.
This paper contributes to the literature on environmental scanning as a collective process in organizations, by showing that the illusion of control is a barrier to collective processes in organizations. It also contributes to a better understanding of the role of executives in the process of environmental scanning.
This analysis has a clear managerial and academic contribution, in the research areas of brand identity and brand personality, leading managers and researchers to a deeper understanding of consumer behavior patterns through brand archetypes, to a more effective marketing strategy and to new research tools.
The development of a framework for the dissemination of the PBL strategy reinforces the uniqueness and contribution of this paper as an innovative teaching strategy, as well as an opportunity to reflect on the implications of using PBL in the education of students in a management program of students. The dissemination of student-centered learning strategies promotes interdisciplinary and interdisciplinary learning and the integration of theory and practice.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a critical reflection on the broad "advanced manufacturing" issue, which is often treated as an inexorable wave for job creation, output, new value processes and so on.
This study contributes to the literature by analyzing the main factors and characteristics (personal or related to the purchased products) that influence consumers' participation in social commerce, either purchasing, recommending or continuing to use the website.
This study contributes to a better understanding of potential PMO effects, particularly as a moderator of the relationship between project management and projects' fundraising. It also contributes to the theory of PMO performance analysis, which is a well-researched area in the literature.
To deal with "The Issue of Gender and Race in Career Progress and Labor Market" means to expand a discussion that involves complexities and responsibility, given the various intersections involved. Much has been done on the subject, although in limited spaces, and almost always for the same audience. Due to the few and slow advances, we argue about the urgency to extend the discussions on women's living conditions in Brazil, as well as on their professional situation, or rather, on the non-access situation.
This study contributes to the literature on sustainable public procurement by providing an analysis of the reasons and main implications of adopting the sustainable shared acquisitions system at the Federal Public Institution. It also contributes to a better understanding of the implementation of sustainable contracting in the Brazilian public administration.
This work shows the need, as pointed out by Chakravarthy and White (2002) and Ruef (2003), for a deeper analysis of the processes that involve strategic phenomena, such as formulation, formulation, or strategic change. Here, the focus is on strategic inertia and the influence of social determinants on the relationship between performance and strategic actions negotiated in formal planning.
The paper provides a comprehensive set of relevant and current studies on the topic of intangible resources of interest, which represent relevant concerns, given the importance of these resources for organizations. In addition to being recognized as drivers of organizational performance, they contribute to the understanding of the difference between the market value and the book value of public companies. In this sense, corporate reputation, one of the main intangible resources, plays a prominent role.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it proposes eight perspectives to analyze the phenomenon of work: physiological, cultural, spiritual, ideological, economic, political, legal, cultural and psychosocial.
This study contributes to the understanding of the factors which influence the voluntary exit or the intention of doing it, which might be quite valid to the enterprises which can direct their strategies and actions of human resources, aiming to keep the good professionals.
This paper contributes to the literature by clarifying which features older talents hold that can be useful for organizations. More specifically, it argues that older workers may play much more than supporting roles like mentoring and advising younger generations. In fact, members of this cohort generally gather meaningful knowledge and extremely important experience to organizations achieve better results, as well as helping to hone young talents. Such an expertise may be regarded as a kind of wisdom capital and, as such, it must be appropriately utilized in favor of the future of companies.
The originality of the study and the discussion of the constructs and indicators for a wide evaluation are presented, the main indicators that reflect the social practices related to the area of safety, health and well-being of the worker in the manufacturing sector, besides proposing a variable model with a second order, a review of the literature was carried out in the period 2010-2015, from which it is possible to highlight the importance of sustainability as a bottom line of organizations for decision making in general.
The paper addresses a research gap related to the use of analytic tools in characterising place crowd dynamics identified by Helbing et al. (2007), the paper provides further clarity in discerning what effective place management practice is, which is important because improved knowledge of this can lead to the development of places that are successful, liveable and equitable. It can make a defined and measurable impact to place development, not just to specific crowd events but indeed to society as a whole.
This is the first study to examine the use of micromobilities at tourism destinations. It is also one of the first studies to examine where destinations stand in terms of progressing policies to increase their use of micro-mobilities.
This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the trend of new governance approaches and emerging organizational models in tourism destination development and management in The Netherlands. It also sheds light on how actors seek interaction, connectivity and alignment of their actions, and define key roles and responsibilities.
The authors identify as a future trend the influence that new players such as distribution and exhibition platforms for cinematographic and television works such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, HBO Max, Disney +, and Apple will have. As original creators of cinematography works and series, they, in turn, contribute to influencing the attractiveness of destinations and enabling tourism to take place in the identified territories.
This is the first study to explore the phenomenon of eco-anxiety and the flight shaming movement in the context of climate change and air travel. It is also one of the first studies to use the term "eco-angst" to describe the phenomenon.
SFT is an ethical microtrend for the Anthropocene. It enables co-production and co-consumption of food as a pleasurable experience, and caring for land and its human and non-human inhabitants through diverse, pluralistic, relational and situated practices. SFT helps to facilitate food security and contributes to human and environmental health. It is a communal endeavor, nurturing sociality, learning, celebrating and sharing cultural traditions.
This study shows that space matters: not the constructed spaces created by architects, but the space created by people. The collectivity of people, that is the space (Sandig, 2014).
This is the first study to explore the potential of e-mindfulness as a means of facilitating tourists' connections to the present moment in the context of tourism. The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the emerging trend of digital-free tourism and its potential to change consumers' perspective on their tourism experiences.
This paper contributes to the understanding of wellness tourism in an urban context. It extends the philosophical understanding of how the wellness tourism experiences extend to the cognitive, cognitive, affective and conative aspects of people's lives. In addition, research opportunities in the demographic characteristics and behaviors of wellness tourists are abundant.
This is the first time that the concept of "solo tourism" has been conceptualised in the context of lifestyle developments and the links to solo tourism. It is suggested that there will be a continual growth in solo tourism, but the nature of, and reasons for, solo tourism experiences will greatly depend on the wider social circumstances and personal needs of individual.
This paper contributes to the literature on data and analytics in the tourism and hospitality industry by exploring the use of data, analytics and business insight and provides an argument for the requirement to establish ethical data management systems as a platform for competitive advantage. This paper is one of the first to explore the issue of data governance and data ethics in the context of the hospitality and tourism industry.
This paper is one of the first to look into the current demographic challenge of the developed world and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of three policy responses, highlighting how the third solution, the embracing of further automation of service industries, seems to be the best of the three choices.
This study explores the trend of MSPs for two crucial intermediaries, TAs and GDSs in the travel industry, by focusing on their adoption of M SPs, which lowers the risk of their disintermediation and contributes to their survival in the long run.
This study contributes to the literature by examining the sustainability of smart tourism specialisation of small-island tourism countries. The authors tried to emphasise the relevance of smart specialisation in the context of tourism. Previous studies have mostly looked into the smart specialisations of European regions. The present research also examines how tourism specialisations impacts sustainability.
This paper is a look to the future of sensory management in parks - the upshot of careers spent surveying park tourists about their motivations and subsequent experiences. It is less of a systematic review of research to prove smell's value to the park visitor, but more bluntly an eye-witness account of an emerging trend and call for future research.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comprehensive review of the literature on the use of BI in the tourism industry. It is also the first to provide an in-depth analysis of how BI helps tourism firms to assess their business environment within the framework of Porter's five forces model as modified by Downes.
This is the first study to examine the impact of tourism on the health and wellbeing of host communities in the context of community development studies.
This is the first study to use the IPA technique to measure visitor satisfaction with MWT experiences at marine-based ecotourism destinations in Western Australia. The findings of this study will be of value to practitioners and researchers in the tourism industry, as well as those involved in the management of MWT.
This paper provides an overview of the 2019-nCoV pandemic and its impact on the tourism industry and provides a framework for future research and practice.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a better understanding of the relations between the Arctic as a unique region, social media and tourists' experiences in Rovaniemi. In addition, the study is also an attempt to draw assumptions about the role of AR and VR in the future evolution of social media such as Instagram and the implications for Arctic tourism.
This case study has revealed collaboration for tourism development as a highly intertwined ecology of practices and activities grounded in individual motivations and reasons for acting. Challenges and resources influence and shape the motives and activities of actors to participate in a workshop, just as much as the evolving practices amongst workshop participants did. The study exemplarily provides knowledge for creating an understanding of how practices form diverse, ambiguous and yet interrelated collaborative configurations, which influence how tourism is being and could be developed.
This study contributes to the understanding of sustainability in the context of tourism development in Yllas, which is a peripheral, sparsely populated area in Finland which contains several fragile ecosystems. The results of this study can be used as a starting point for further research in the area.
This paper contributes to the understanding of cultural centres as spaces that can successfully host both local communities and tourists, and thereby contribute to the generation of natural and beneficial host-guest interaction. Practical steps are suggested that can be implemented across cultural centres in general, in order to work towards making them spaces that are successfully host to both locals and tourists.
This paper contributes to the literature by exploring the concept of "Arctification" in the context of tourism in the Arctic. The paper also provides an original analysis of the Sourtoe Cocktail, which is not a typical example of Arctic tourism, and its deconstruction reveals intricacies and connections to alternative tourism trends in the North.
This paper adds to the discussion on warfare tourism by providing various perspectives of specific events that occurred in the Second World War. The authors also suggest that the management and interpretation strategies offered at these sites provides opportunities for a better understanding of these events.
This is the first attempt to analyse and discuss the external and internal factors that support or challenge a possible future transformation of Arctic Sweden into a major ski destination under a changing climate. In doing so, the paper questions future availability of the physical and the human factors that may foster ski tourism development in Arctic Sweden.
This is the first time that a vision for the future of polar expedition cruise tourism has been proposed and discussed in the literature. It is hoped that this paper will stimulate further discussion on how citizen science can be used to enhance the tourism experience in the Arctic.
This paper offers original ideas exploring a potential future cannabis industry in the UK. It presents a scheme in which the UK could encourage regional tourism (inclusive to domestic and international travellers) through a controlled but innovative cannabis market scheme.
This paper contributes to the literature by combining elements of both futures and design thinking approaches to develop a conceptual framework focused on the touchpoints that link tourists and tourism suppliers, and by using stories to highlight how ICT may transform and disrupt these touchpoints. Additionally, scholars have tended to focus on implications for tourism supply with only limited attention paid to tourist decisions.
This is the first study to analyze the needs and behavior of tourists in detail and to identify appropriate needs-based and behaviorally based segments. The results can be used as a basis for measures to reduce the strain on the region's infrastructure and is of great regional relevance.
In this study, a novel methodology has been presented with a long-term planning in the form of future study in developing countries (case study: Iran). This study aimed to analyze Iran tourism system by considering the positive and negative impacts of economic, sociocultural and environmental aspects to find out the extent of sustainability or unsustainability of the system.
The experience economy is a fluid concept and that fluidity is a representation of its future and transformation. This paper provides an insight into the current state of the experience economy and how it is evolving.
This paper contributes to the growing body of literature on the role of technology in experiential tourism by identifying three future directions for technological mediation in the future of tourism experiences.
This paper provides a theoretical model for understanding the travel experiences of New Zealand inbound Generation Z by examining their travel patterns, attitudes and travel motives. It is a contribution to the body of knowledge from which future studies can borrow. In addition it provides a more holistic approach and deeper insights into Generation Z travel experiences in which emphasis is shifted from the destination to the traveller.
This study is one of the first to explore the motivations and experiences of Chinese millennials who participate in an adventure tourism activity, mountain biking, in China. It contributes to the existing literature by providing new insights into Chinese millennials' experiences of experiential and transformative travel.
This study is framed through situational positionalities and placed movements of the tourist, the non-tourist and more specifically, students of Generation Z engaged in holistic, educational experiences. It goes beyond the mere post-destination dissemination of experience made easily accessible by tools such as Instagram. As much as the "social" in social media is important in terms of connectivity, self-worth and reputation, what is seminal here is the engagement of self through experience and the reflection of experiences as part of the "experience." Hence, the transformative experiences of reflection in situ as opposed to a linear post-trip representation of experience may be insightful for tourism practitioners dealing with a tourism of the future.
This study contributes to the understanding of the role of food tourism experiences in the management of the food-related challenges identified by the United Nations "2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development". The study elaborates on the transformative potential of tourism experiences, specifically one type of educational tourism experience: the Grand Tour. It presents and discusses a futuristic scenario about food, tourism and sustainability.
This study is one of the first to examine Airbnb experiences through the lens of the "Progression of Economic Value" model, which has been used extensively in the hospitality literature. The findings of this study suggest that Airbnb is well-suited to facilitate memorable lodging experiences, and that Airbnb host communities are more likely to be transformed than guests.
The paper is addressed to the academics interested in the experience economy concepts within urban leisure context. Moreover, local associations and activists can use the ULF framework to discuss their ideas for attracting urban time-space in their city. Therefore, its potential is possible after the verification of its utility.
This paper contributes to the understanding of how the creative re-use of historic buildings can contribute to the experience economy by offering distinctive spaces in which the contemporary tourism and hospitality industries can flourish while also allowing for a sustainable approach to portfolio development.
This study is the first of its kind in the African context to examine the determinants of DYT motives, satisfaction and behavioural intentions of youth tourists in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, academics and practitioners.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of emotional and experiential hospitality brand traits and their relationship with the customers' behavioral outcomes in the context of emerging economies.
The paper contributes to the academic debate on sustainable tourism, by showing practical lessons on how to practically apply this widely discussed concept. By presenting these lessons from practice the authors hope to inspire planners and policy-makers elsewhere in the world to improve the attempts for innovation in sustainable tourism in the future.
This study is the first of its kind in the context of SM usage for outbound leisure travel in India. It is also one of the few studies that have used TAM to study the use of SM for leisure travel. The findings of this study will be useful for researchers and policy makers to understand the usage patterns of SM in developing countries.
This study is the first of its kind to use the SERVQUAL model to determine Generation Y's satisfaction towards hoteling industry in Malaysia. It is also the first study to use this model in the hotel industry.
This paper is the first of its kind to review the state-of-the-art methodological advancements and studies in tourism and passenger transportation demand forecasting. The findings of this paper can be useful for researchers and practitioners such as government agencies and private businesses to choose a method in various situations.
This is the first time that Las Vegas' past turning points have been used as the underlying reasoning to make predictions on potential future states. This is also the first paper to use these turning points to help inform the future.
This paper offers a new conceptual foundation for the future of backpacking by deconstructing the backpacker label through a past-to-future scenario planning perspective. This approach includes exploring current "backpacker" research through a critical lens, deconstructs backpacking's "drifter past", and rebuilding a new theoretical foundation for its future.
This is the first time that a critical turning point analysis of airline distribution has been performed in the Journal of Air Transport Management from 1994 to 2018. The authors analyse a chronological account of all issues that cover the topic of distribution.
A structured review of the factors that mostly influenced the development of modern tourism since its inception may be useful guide to understand which alternatives patterns of tourism development are more likely to concretise, and which impacts they might have on economies, societies and the environment. This section presents some reasoning on current trends that are most likely to continue impacting on tourism development and over the next decade.
This paper contributes to the literature by providing an overview of the past, present and future of Haiti as a post-colonial, post-conflict and post-disaster destination.
This study contributes to the understanding of the origins of nature tourism in imperial China. The findings have implications for understanding the evolution of tourism in the contemporary and future worlds.
This is the first study to examine the development of cruise tourism in Iran. The findings of this study will be of interest to both academics and practitioners.
This is the first study to use a global vector autoregression framework to analyze the future trajectories of real tourism exports and tourism export prices of the EU-15 relative to its global competitors in the context of expert forecasts for the global economy.
This paper examines the correlation between "Golden Week" holiday system and domestic tourism demand in mainland China in the last years, and explains the trends by analyzing the effects of holiday system on domestic tourism. Besides, problems caused by the holiday system are also discussed.
The originality of this paper lies in the use of fitness landscapes as a metaphor to describe the adaptive capacity of tourism area development. This metaphor can be used as a tool to understand the dynamics of adaptive tourism areas development.
This paper is a reflection of how Dr Ian Yeoman engages with the students across a number of taught courses. Over the last five years that approach has being refined resulting in improved course evaluations by students.
This paper is one of the first attempts to explore the emerging trends and social implications of tourism 2.0, a new form of tourism characterized by changes in its basic features.
This study is one of the first to examine differences in the benefits received from travel and the primary reasons to travel among distinct millennial segments. The findings of this study provide direction for future research.
This study makes an original contribution to the literature on millennials and tourism. To the authors' knowledge, the connection between Schwartz's value orientations on one side and the meaning as a component of the travel experience on the other side has not been attempted earlier.
The paper discusses how Millennials are transforming the tourism sector by creating new job opportunities through online tourism businesses boosted by the sharing economy. The case of Seoul exemplifies this ongoing dynamic. The city of Seoul, in fact, is promoting the development of sharing economy practices through a project entitled "Sharing City, Seoul" which encourages young people to take advantage of this disruptive innovation in creating new online businesses.
This paper is one of the first attempts to identify the best hostel practices and trends, and to evaluate and discuss how they are keeping up with the present demand created by the Millennials market. In this context, the present paper aims to identify and discuss the best practices in the hostel industry in Portugal.
The term "Generation Z", despite its media development, seems to have received little attention by academic research. In the literature review, we identify the characteristics of this generation and clarify its relationship with the notions of consumption experience and sustainable tourism.
This study contributes to the body of knowledge by addressing the lack of research on "self"-related drivers of eWOM in general social media during a trip. It also provides an international perspective by making cross-cultural comparisons between young consumers in three different countries. The focus on Millennial and Gen Z travellers is also of value, as they will continue to want to feel more special through the uniqueness of their respective travel experiences.
This is the first time that geocaching has been conceptualised as a whole-family destination experience, as well as an experiential destination enhancement specifically to Millennials and Generation Z tourists.
VFR travel has been largely disregarded by researchers and misunderstood by city tourism organizations, and VFR demand overrides to a greater extent these issues that affect more fluctuating types of tourism. This paper demonstrates the importance of the links between urban places and V FR activity, and then argues that VFR will become more important for cities in the future.
This paper is the first attempt to analyse the potential effects of online peer-to-peer marketplaces on urban property markets in the context of city tourism and the sharing economy. It is also one of the first attempts to apply a geo-information system (GIS) approach to the analysis.
The results partially show how to avoid the "deterioration" of resident's identities and attachments. The projects suggested by the residents for the Future of Bruges program reflect the residents' need to ensure the livability of the Golden Triangle. Simultaneously, those projects put emphasis on interactions between residents and tourists and aim at developing the creative spirit in the city.
The model developed in this paper is a conceptual model. It is intended to help clarify the relation between stakeholders (i.e. the residents, the tourism suppliers and the visitors) and their respective objectives. Being conceptual, however, it is not intended to serve as a structural model delivering graphical representations of hypotheses or structural relationships. Obviously, in order to assess the situation in a specific destination, the conceptual model can be used as a working structure to assess possible fields of conflict arising from the conflict mechanisms contained in the model.
The paper contributes to the literature on sustainable tourism governance by analysing how governmental actors frame, simplify and construct conflicts in order to manage conflicts that result from tourism. The authors argue that there are disparate modes of seeing conflicts resulting from tourism and that this process of problematisation predetermines the future of Berlin as a city and destination.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first empirical reviews of the city.people.light approach in the context of place-making and futures research. In addition, it is the first time that such an approach has been empirically validated through a grounded theory approach.
The author is a US national and a European who also happens to be a trained political scientist, putting him in a unique position in which he can put the changes of Europe and the USA into some sort of meaningful political perspective.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the impact of Donald Trump's presidency on the future of American tourism industry.
The study contributes to the managerial practice by offering a long-term future orientation (2040); an integral/systemic approach which goes beyond "everyday sustainable practices" and integrates social, environmental and economic values; a translation of the notion of sustainable development in concrete and tailor-made suggestions for strategic action.
This paper contributes to the literature by using a social-ecological systems perspective to understand the interactions between tourism and landscapes in coastal areas. This perspective is useful to understand how tourism and landscape interact with each other and how these interactions are managed.
This paper uses a conceptual framework to explain the intersections of tourism, porn, travel and the future in order to bring clarity and understanding to what the future might be.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore the evolving expectations of guests, the drivers of change in the lodging industry, potential innovations, emerging opportunities, and likely future scenarios for hotel chains. The opportunities presented in this paper cannot be attained without developing and executing a long-term strategy.
The contribution of this trend paper is that it sets out the history of RM by identifying the turning points of change. For futurists or forecasters, the challenges are using these turning points as a set of time series points in order to forecast and understand the future.
This paper provides a unique insight into the implications of Digital Amnesia for tourism businesses. The findings of this paper will be of value to both academics and practitioners in the tourism industry.
This is the first attempt to look into the impact of political ideologies on tourism in the future. It is also one of the first attempts to look at how ideologies of politics have been incorporated into tourism development.
This is one of the first studies to explore the impact of the referendum on the tourism industry in Scotland and the implications for the future of tourism in the UK.
This paper is the first attempt to present the changes in political and socioeconomic conditions after 25 years of transformation and how it provided a new methodology in tourism planning. It shows the possibilities offered by the use of the foresight process in planning the development of tourism in Poland. It also includes comparative analysis.
By understanding the definition of consolidated democracy, it is possible to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of the EU governmental institutions and those of individual member states. This understanding could be used by governments, tourist boards and other tourism stakeholders to be smarter in their planning, raising the prospect of designing smart strategies in relation to tourism growth based on a greater awareness and deeper understanding of the geopolitics around the EU.
This is one of the first studies to look into the perceptions of tourism professionals about the prospects for cooperation between the two dominant ethnic groups on the island of Cyprus in a post-settlement Cyprus.
This paper is fundamentally a personal perspective of how Dr Ian Yeoman uses SSM as a scenario analysis tool in the teaching of TOUR301 Tourism Policy and Planning at Victoria University of Wellington.
This study reveals the concerns and views of tourism industry professionals vis-a-vis accessibility and tries to understand the disaffection of this industry with regard to accessibility. It aims at giving a number of possible drivers for the development of accessible tourist accommodation.
This study is a first attempt to examine whether the UNWTO TCI helps predicting changes in tourism demand. The outcome of this research is meant to provide operational guidance to tourism practitioners on the opportunity cost to produce short-term forecasts using alternative approaches.
This study is the first attempt to analyse Airbnb as a reflection on the networked hospitality phenomenon in general. With hospitality and tourism experts, the authors looked into the past, current and future impact of Airbnb and similar initiatives. These insights were the basis for future scenarios, in a conceptual exploration that in the first place must become part of the academic discussion on the future and hospitality and Tourism.
- The paper presents a new approach to tourist tracking via smartphone app, exemplifying this on a case study from Lake Constance, a popular tourist destination.
The MEDRA project is an example of an innovative approach to the development of accessible tourism in Greece and Turkey, which is worthy of a wider application, not only in the two countries, but also to countries with similar characteristics.
This is the first paper to explore the "polarity paradox" in the context of the Polarity Paradox. The authors argue that in addition to developing new concepts that address the "what-do-we-develop-for-whom", hybrid tourists and extreme choices demand a new approach to market segmentation. Successful hospitality and tourism organisations understand that predicting any consumer behaviour based on demographic variables it becomes very difficult as hybrid tourists continue to explore a range of very different types of travel experiences.
This paper is the first of its kind in the Turkish context. It will be useful for the specialized travel agencies to understand the importance of accessible tourism for the disabled tourists and to be able to provide the necessary services in this area.
This paper is one of the first to provide an in-depth analysis of the current state of the art of the UAE's current federal disability law in relation to PwD, and the implications of that law for the 5 star hotel industry in the UAE.
This paper identifies five driving forces that will shape the discourses of food tourism. The drivers overlap, influence and integrate with each. Food tourism as a collective discourse binds farmer, producer, distributor, retailer and consumer together thus providing stakeholders and communities a utopian vision of the future.
The special issue provides the opportunity for contributors to take part in the current discourses on accessible tourism from a futures perspective, in order that they can understand, manage and contribute to the development of accessible tourism in the context of economically, socially and environmentally sustainable communities.
The paper presents a new, critical perspective on the selected MD, the key to which is the search for optimal solutions in the development of accessible tourism for PwD supply.
This paper provides an overview of the accessible tourism market potential, by forecasting the market value from 2005 to 2025. This will help to provide a launch pad for companies in the travel and leisure industry to take the leap and benefit from this emerging market.
This paper provides original insights into the current and future scope of accessible tourism in New Zealand from the perspectives of its stakeholders. The findings are of value to countries working through the layers of understanding and decision making within this future area of tourism provision and development.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents a methodology for facing the accessibility of monuments developed and realised in Thessaloniki, Greece. The methodology is based on a case study of a major Greek city, which has been selected as an example of an accessible tourism destination.
This paper describes the improvement of accessibility in selected Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki using a methodology created in the frame of the "PROSPELASIS" project, financed by a grant from Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway through the EEA Financial Mechanism 2004-2009 (50 per cent).
This paper presents a new way of looking at the future of accessible tourism. It is based on a new approach to the development of tourism for people with disabilities as a business segment within the tourism sector.
This study makes a theoretical contribution by testing the suitability and explanatory power of the value scale proposed by De Groot and Steg (2008) in the context of youth tourism and by assessing whether pro-environmental and pro-social values influence the youth tourism experience. It also provides data for predicting tourism choices in the more immediate future.
The specific contribution of this paper to the literature on legacies of mega sport events and impacts of MSEs on tourism comes with the analysis of the Dutch Approach, being as a method of legacy planning that has the potential to positively influence future tourism development.
This study is the first of its kind to examine New Zealand's environmental and sustainable future in relation to the New Zealand Tourism Framework. It provides an alternative vision for the future of tourism in New Zealand. It is also the first study to examine the sustainability of the 100% Pure New Zealand branding.
- The paper is a reminder of the concepts and methods to be used in students' term projects in a tourism policy course.
This paper provides an overview of ten trends that will shape the future of family tourism. The authors believe that this paper will be of value to academics and practitioners in the field.
- The paper provides an insight into the future of food tourism and food festivals. It provides an overview of the eight trends that will shape the future and the Dr Spock's Food Festival.
This paper is a personal reflection of the trends shaping the niche market of knitting tourism. Although knitting tourism is a relatively small market, the value of the paper lies in understanding the motivations and trends behind a niche market as future tourism focusing on activities or short breaks need to understand those trends and motivations.
- The scenarios are developed and verified by top managers with a relatively short-term planning horizon. This ensures a trustworthy set of scenarios that are relevant to the decision makers' current knowledge needs. The inclusion of more experts on each of the important drivers would be important to reduce validity uncertainty.
This is the first time that the concept of 100% Pure New Zealand has been applied to tourism in New Zealand. It provides a new perspective on the sustainability of New Zealand's image as a tourist destination.
- The paper is of value to anyone interested in the development of tourism in Hawaii in the future, particularly those interested in tourism.
- The paper provides an overview of the scenario planning approach and the underlying conceptual framework adopted by the researchers of the European Tourism Futures Institute (ETFI).
- This is the first time an industry perspective has been provided on Tourism 2025. It provides an industry-wide view of what is needed to achieve the aspirational goals set by Tourism 2025 and the opportunities and challenges facing the industry.
- This paper is the first to consider the impact that trends in terms of changing power relationships may play in the new economic environment in which the tourism industry will have to function in the future.
- This paper is the first to explore the development of social media platforms facilitating guest reviews and ratings, looking specifically on how this impacts conventional rating systems. Second, the advancements in technology are investigated. Third, the existing and future use of such technology by the hotel consumer, the hotel industry and conventional rating bodies is outlined, resulting in a prediction of what hotel rating will look like in 2024.
The paper provides an insight into the trends in the development of cyborg games in the near future. It is of value to both academics and industry practitioners.
This is the first conference on tourism and hospitality to be held in Qatar under the patronage of the Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior His Excellency Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani. The conference is a significant point in time in the nation's socio-economic development and growth.
This paper presents at least three different contributions. Theoretically, the main contribution is to propose that the implementation of the principles of stakeholder management creates more value for organizations in the context of HEIs, thus advancing strategic management studies in this field. The second contribution lies in providing practitioners and managers of educational institutions insights for the improvement of relationships and involvement with their stakeholders. Finally, the work presents a social contribution by evidencing the importance of the development of best practices, processes and strategies in the management of higher education institutions, which are important actors in the social development of society.
This study contributes to the literature by providing a multisetting analysis of the relationship between CSR and FP using neo-institutional theory. The results of the meta-analysis reveal that aggregately CSR improves FP. The conclusion from this multisetter analysis has broad generalization power and is best used while making corporate strategies to improve FP.
This paper provides knowledge pertaining to service tax, particularly GST, where it explains the preventive measures. The integration of GST fraud prevention is the first line of defence towards sustainable businesses. GST prevention strategies help mitigate fraud and ensure business cost-effectiveness. Considering the significant of GST in many countries, particularly in Asia, it is pertinent for studies to be conducted to investigate the detrimental effect (such as fraud) towards sustainable business and economy growth.
This study is the first to propose a new impairment loss allowance model in PSAK 71. The proposed model is based on ECLs, which is an alternative to the incurred loss model.
This study is one of the first to explore the FWB construct in the context of Malaysian households. It is believed that this study will contribute to the existing literature on FWB by providing a more comprehensive and reliable measure of FWB among Malaysian households, which can be used by policymakers to improve the state of well-being of households.
This study makes an important contribution in explaining how employee-related characteristics may affect customer orientation. It not only replicates earlier studies that separately showed relationships of role clarity and learning goal orientation with customer orientation but also demonstrates that role clarity is a general advantage for customer orientation and that learning goal orientations exert an interactive effect with role clarity. The knowledge of how role clarity interacts with learning goal Orientation will lead to directly applicable recommendations for selecting and managing customer service employees.
This is the first study to investigate the effect of auditor characteristics on tax avoidance of Iranian companies in the context of the Iranian audit market.
- This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to study the impact of board size, philanthropy and working capital management on the firm's performance.
This study is the first attempt to apply the Zaltman metaphor elicitation technique on understanding the place image of Danang, the livable city of Vietnam in the minds of students. Besides, this study is one of the first attempts to apply Zaltmans' metaphor in a Vietnamese context.
The results may contribute to the formulation and implementation of suitable policies with regard to household savings, and therefore to the promotion of economic growth and socioeconomic development in Vietnam.
This study contributes to the literature by examining the relationship between diversification strategy and firm value in the context of an emerging economy, namely Indonesia, which is potentially an interesting case study for developing economies, which shares most of the characteristics of a typical emerging market. Furthermore, this study is the first to examine the role of growth opportunity in determining the diversification-firm value relationship in emerging economy.
This study is the first to investigate the market reaction to switching announcements and the post-switching price effects, and also examine whether there are any changes in trading activity and liquidity following the switch. The results show that market reactions to the switch announcement depend on the liquidity of GEM firms. High liquidity firms have no significant market reaction around the announcement. On the contrary, low liquidity firms experience a much larger positive market reaction.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between selected corporate governance attributes and earnings management practices in Sri Lankan quoted entities. The findings of this study will be useful to regulators, regulators and investors in Sri Lanka.
This study is one of the first to examine the efficiency evolution of the GEM and its long-term memory in return and volatility in Hong Kong's SME stock market. Furthermore, this study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the long memory of SME equity market efficiency in the context of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange's GEM.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the long-run relationship between electricity consumption and GDP with any control variable (considering the combined effects of public spending and trade openness on GDP and electricity consumption) along with their short-run, long- run and joint causal relationship.
This paper is the first attempt to apply Galariotis et al.'s (2015) theory to Chinese A- and B-share markets for a discussion on herding.
This paper contributes to the literature by showing that the problem of unsustainability can occur at low levels of public debt in the Asia-Pacific region. This result relates directly to the notion of debt-intolerant countries. These economies would have lower debt thresholds because of weak fiscal structures and financial systems. Another contribution relates to the fact that, for cross-section dependence, the findings challenge the previous results of previous literature, for instance, Thornton and Adedji (2010) and Adams et al. (2010).
The study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of external debt stock and foreign direct investment on financial development in African economies by deploying the efficient dynamic panel data method of GMM estimation techniques.
The findings of this research are consistent with some other research projects of Trihatmoko et al. (2016a, b, b) such as business-to-business transactional (B2B) between distributor and traditional market wholesaler in Indonesia. The B2B between the wholesalers and distributors was revealed in the transaction of buying-selling of new product.
This paper clarifies the different uses of ABM to characterize the evolution of economic systems. This methodological categorization will highlight the major epistemological differences between these ways of modelling.
The study enriches and contributes to the available literature on ecotourism service quality by proposing a modified model of ECOSERV which incorporates the social and experiential aspects of the ecot tourism service experience. Five further dimensions of the scale, including price-quality, relaxation feelings, interaction with nature, interactions with other customers and interaction with the locals, have been proposed.
This study is the first of its kind to analyze the nature of cryptocurrency based on characteristics of money, legal perspective, economic perspective and Sharia perspective. Furthermore, this study also considers the opportunities and risks of cryptocurrency that may happen.
The paper is far different from the existing studies in Vietnam. First, it focuses on impacts of the MP on the RX in which the RX is the sole objective of analysis. Second, it uses both the monetary aggregate and the interest rate as proxy for the MP in the paper.
This study is the first attempt to investigate the linkages between institutions, FDI and entrepreneurship in an as-large-as-possible sample of EMs through a consolidated systematic approach using the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) data.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship between TFL, IM and EC in the context of Vietnam's hospitality and tourism industry. The findings of this study contribute to the literature by demonstrating that TFL has a positive effect on EC and that IM mediates this relationship.
This paper contributes to the literature on the relation between dividend policy and earnings quality by providing empirical evidence on this relation from a frontier market in which the earnings quality is not high and thus dividends can deliver more significant information about earnings quality.
This paper is the first attempt to incorporate risk into measuring technical efficiency of banking institutions in the ASEAN alliance.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of GST pre- and post-announcement on the volatility of the Malaysian stock market index. This study is also one of the few studies that examines the impact of GST announcement on the market volatility.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the association between some characteristics of corporations and some audit variables with the level of CSR disclosure in a developing country called Iran. In addition, this study is also the first to examine the relationship between some features of Iranian corporations and their level of environmental disclosure.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of FDI in the Ghanaian economy. The findings of the study will be useful to policy makers, investors and other stakeholders in the economy.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the asymmetric targeting of corporate cash holdings and financial constraints in the context of Pakistani firms. The findings of this study will be useful for both academicians and practitioners.
This study extends the existent literature by examining vertical information sharing and budget goal commitment as concurrently potential mediators that connect budgetary participation to enhanced work performance. These two mediators, respectively, capture cognitive-informational and motivational paths that were mostly examined separately and independently in prior research. In integrating the two mediator in one framework, the study provides insights into the relative roles of vertical information-sharing and budget-goal-commitment in impacting employees' work performance in an emerging market context.
This paper is the first attempt to examine the CAD from a time series perspective. It is also one of the first attempts to understand the sources of the CAD and its financing in India. The findings of this paper will help policy makers to take appropriate policies to keep CAD at a sustainable level.
This empirical study differs from earlier studies by attempting to examine the effect of support price and non-price factors on wheat production in Pakistan over the period 1971-2016 by using the ARDL approach and to suggest policy guidelines for high wheatProduction in Pakistan.
This study provides insurance management with a relevant indicator that would guide them to make efficient use of the resource base. This study also covers the period following the adoption of the insurance law and the issuance of most of the legislation related to the work of insurance companies.
The study contributes to the body of literature by providing greater explanatory power for investigating the question of why consumers decide to use mobile shopping in Vietnam. This research is conducted in response to the need to extend TRA with additional promotion and barrier constructs to answer the frequently asked question as to what factors affect consumers' intention to shop online in a new context (i.e. mobile shopping).
This paper is one of the first systematic reviews of the role of designers in innovation and design management literature. It identifies five perspectives with different roles and assumptions of the roles of designers.
This study provides firm-level evidence on the empirical literature of HRM practice impacts in Vietnam and developing nations as well. Vietnam is a transition economy with the transformations from many economic activities including business functions inside organization toward modern international standards. Firms' applications and adoptions of contemporary people management measures especially from the West become a discernible trend in the context of growing globalization of Vietnam's economy. SMEs are dominant and essential subjects within the Vietnamese economy. Given SMEs' contributions, understanding management-related practices including HRM actions of SMEs, therefore, provides more efficient evidence-based policies for pro-growth and the pro-poor strategies in Vietnam.
This study makes some contribution to the literature on corporate innovation in three aspects. First, there are few studies on the relationship among three agents: innovation, firm performance and ownership concentration; therefore, this study is one of the few focusing extensively on this issue. Second, the study is also the first in this research direction in the context of a developing country, particularly Vietnam, which will possibly enrich the literature of the heterogeneity of innovation activities in developing nations compared to developed ones. Third, with regard to research method, the paper makes a major contribution by using Conditional Mixed Process (CMP) model. The advantage of CMP model is that it includes "Mixed process" which suggests that the types of dependent variables can vary in different equations, giving more flexibility in model specification.
This is the first study to examine the nonlinear effects of fiscal policy on national saving in emerging Asian economies. The findings of this study would help policy makers in the region prepare for the restructuring process in the future.
This paper is one of the first attempts to study the impacts of public investment on economic growth and private investment in Vietnam in the context of medium-term policy of 2016-2020.
This study adds to the literature by challenging the view of Cadez and Guilding (2008) by challenging that rather than influencing the use of MAS information directly, accountants' participation in strategic decision making can moderate the relationship between MO and the usage of MAS. In other words, the interaction between MO-MAS-performance link can provide managers of market-oriented firms with implications on how to develop and sustain competitive advantages via different dimensions of MAS use.
This study contributes to the literature of fiscal policy effectiveness and fiscal indebtedness by adding the effects of government expenditures under the external debt level and the associations with institutional quality. This study has significant implications for the authorizers in line with borrowing policy and the solutions for the long-term sustainable fiscal policy.
The paper is, to some extent, the response to the call for more research on the importance of informal governance mechanisms (Stafsudd, 2009; Filatotchev and Nakajima, 2010) and for cross-cultural studies to capture the context sensitivities of corporate governance and CSR.
This study is the first to examine the link between derivatives use and exposures on the comparison of three types of firms (domestic firms, domestic multinational corporations (MNCs) and domestic MNCs and foreign affiliates) with a new hand-collected data set of the derivatives use of 881 non-financial firms from 8 East Asian countries for the period from 2003-2013.
This study is the first to apply Bharath et al.'s (2009) microstructure model to test the pecking order theory in the context of the NTS Reform period in China.
This is one of the first studies to examine the impact of uncertainty on investment via the lending channel in the Euro area and in the USA. The empirical results indicate that the differences in financial structures quantitatively affect the cyclical behavior in the two areas: the magnitude of the credit channel effects is amplified by the different financial structures.
The paper contributes to the literature on the effects of debt reduction. The staggered implementation of debt relief for 36 countries over more than a decade creates a panel of treated countries that allows the authors to identify the effects on investment and debt reduction controlling for country and year fixed effects. The authors apply a time-shifted difference-in-differences estimation strategy to account for different decision and completion points as well as different duration between decisions and completion.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it provides a methodological argument sustaining a possible dialogue between econophysicists and economists. This kind of dialogue would not be superfluous, in this challenging context for economic knowledge, to understand Mill's notion of emergence.
This study is one of the first to analyze the normative parameters of reward and risk in Islamic finance from the perspective of Islamic jurisprudence.
This is the first attempt to develop a fair currency system based on the principles of Islamic economic theory and practice. It is also the first study to examine the impact of the proposed currency system on the real economic problem of the masses.
This study contributes to the literature on investors' intentions regarding sukuk investment in Pakistan by focusing on cognitive, personal, environmental and behavioral factors that might have an influence on individuals' intentions. The study also adds to the existing literature by incorporating a religious aspect as a moderator to strengthen the explanatory power of the proposed model to better explain individuals' intention.
This study is the first to examine the competitiveness level of MSMEs in the logistics industry and identify the challenges faced by them in the adoption of takaful protection. By doing so, practitioners and policymakers will have a better understanding on the importance of this industry, which will then enable them to provide strategies to reduce the low micro-takaful penetration rate.
This research is an attempt to evaluate the impact of SGF-2010 in addressing the current issues in Shari'ah governance practices in the Malaysian Islamic banking industry. The findings of this research will be useful to regulators, practitioners and academics in the field of Shari'sah governance in Islamic banking.
This study is one of the few studies that examine internal control as a mechanism to manage SNCI in IFIs. The findings of this study will contribute to the development of an effective internal control mechanism for managing SNCi in the IFIs in Malaysia.
This study is the first of its kind to compare the performance of Qatari IBs and CBs before and after the onset of the economic blockade on Qatar. It is also the first study to assess the significance of the crisis on the performance in terms of the following aspects: solvency, profitability, efficiency, liquidity and asset quality.
This paper fulfils an identified need to review the literature on factors affecting takaful demand. This paper provides a rich overview and outlines various studies conducted in a variety of countries.
This is the first study to empirically investigate the Shari'ah non-compliant (SNC) issues in the practice of tawarruq financing in IBs in Malaysia.
This is the first study to develop a conceptual framework of internal Shari'ah audit effectiveness factors in IBs. The findings of this study can be used by IBs to enhance their internal ShARI'ah auditing framework and enhance their effectiveness.
This is the first study to examine the effectiveness of technical trading strategies in the context of Shari'ah-compliant vs conventional stocks in the Malaysian market. This study also contributes to the literature on the efficiency level of these market segments.
This study is one of the first to explore clients' perception of Mudarabah and musharakah as micro-equity finance in the context of Islamic microfinance.
This paper makes two main contributions to the existing literature. First, it provides evidence on Malaysian entrepreneurs' intention to use crowdfunding for their fundraising exercise by applying TRA and TAM accordingly. Second, it proposes a conceptual SEC framework for the development of entrepreneurship in Malaysia.
This study proposes participation-based tax increment financing (P-TIF) as a viable solution for local governments to cater for the needs of community development in both emerging and Muslim countries. This kind of financing might be popular when local authorities face a fall in central government tax collections, grant transfers or lack of sufficient financial resources. Compared to other income-generating models such as sale or land sale, P-Tif may provide a long-term solution to the shortage of municipal budgets.
This study contributes to the limited literature on the introduction and evolution of Islamic banking in Mauritius, but none probes into the legal framework that surrounds those products. This study, therefore, aims at pioneering in this area by analysing the key legal principles such as corporate governance, transparency and disclosure that are adhered to in the domestic laws of this small financial centre to regulate Islamic banking.
This paper is one of the first attempts to apply the concept of awqaf (pl. of waqf) to the classical fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) literature. It is also the first attempt to apply this concept in the context of the waqaf doctrines of the Prophet's companions.
This study contributes to the existing literature by discussing salient features of Shari'ah-compliant central banking practices and evaluating the efforts made by selected Muslim-majority countries in introducing SCCBs. This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the experiences of three Muslim countries, which have been implementing Shari'sah- Compliant Central Banking Practices.
This study contributes to the literature in relation to waqf management through various ways. First, it highlights the importance of IC through reviewing a significant body of research in the context of NPOs. Second, it identifies challenges of current waqaf management that constrain the performance of waquf institutions, which include direct intervention of the state in the affairs of waqF, weak legal protection, low level of awareness about waq f in the community and corruption. The study critically provides insights into the reform trends, which includes administrative, legal and financial reforms, and financial and legal reforms.
This paper is the first of its kind to analyse the radd (return) doctrine in the context of Muslim inheritance law in Singapore. Recommendations are made in four areas.
This study is different from previous studies conducted on mutual fund risk exposures in the sense that it provides a comparative risk analysis of both Islamic and conventional funds including total, systematic, idiosyncratic and downside risk. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first attempt to comparatively analyze various types of risks involved in both kinds of funds and thus a significant contribution to the literature.
This study fills the research gap in this issue as there are no specific studies that have considered specific fatwas (Shari'ah pronouncements) or resolutions of a specific fatwa board/committee and systematically examined them. There are some studies on the methodology of fatwa and the requirements of a mufti (the legal expert empowered to give legal rulings), but there is no study of the existing fatwas and their implications.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first attempt to decompose the global effect of Islamic banks' financing on industrial development. Unlike previous studies that used quarterly data to highlight the Islamic finance-growth nexus, this study uses monthly data, which allows better capture of the interactions between financing and economic development through industrial production. The Toda and Yamamoto causality test show a bidirectional relationship between industrial development and IF, as well as non-PLS.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it looks into the matter of integrated knowledge and proposes a multidisciplinary methodology that combines the Shari'ah (Islamic law) with human and natural sciences and information and communication technology.
This study is important and focuses on the Malaysian REIT market for three reasons. First, the Malaysian market is unique in that it offers two different types of REITs, namely, conventional and Islamic. Second, Malaysia was among the earliest markets to launch a REIT and has the advantage of being a country with a comprehensive, clear regulatory framework and flexibility allowing 70 per cent foreign shareholding in IslamicREITs (MIFC, 2013). Third, Lim (2020) reported an increase in demand for Malaysian REITS between 2010 and 2019. This is partly because of the shortage of investing options for investors seeking Shari'ah-compliant investments due to a more than 30 per cent fall in the issuance of worldwide sukuk (Shari'AH- compliant bond) reported in 2018 (The Star, 2019). Therefore, this study sheds light on the recent behaviour of REits in Malaysia, which will allow market dealers, and market players to be better informed about what they
This study is the first of its kind to examine the determinants of behavioral intention to adopt Islamic banking in a non-Muslim developing country. It is also the first study to use the theory of reasoned action in the context of Islamic banking.
This paper is based on the understanding that the root cause of social inequalities is actually the negative externality of poverty of consciousness. Two important examples are elaborated - first, first dealing with the conscious responsibility of businesses and second, the conscious design of financial contracts. First, it is to be highlighted that businesses may either be reckless or responsible towards the society, ecology, and species, generating either positive or negative externalities. A pertinent example of negative externality is the rampant behavior of dumping waste into landfills, rivers, and seas, burning wastes and spewing toxins into the environment. On the other hand, businesses could be conscious of being impactful through positive externality. One effective example could be a zero-waste business strategy. It means that a compassionate institution such as waqf can make this as a purpose to maximize the positive externalities of businesses.
This study is the first of its kind in Nigeria to examine the issue of court referral of Islamic finance disputes to the FRACE for expert opinion. The findings of this study would be of value to both academicians and practitioners in the Islamic finance industry in Nigeria.
This is the first study to examine the impact of credit ratings on the capital structure of firms in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region from 2009 to 2016.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents an integrated approach that involves all the parties in one ecosystem where social welfare initiators can cope together to launch complementary initiatives. The aim is to have a more significant impact on their communities and to cope with social finance providers to ensure continuous financial support to the ecosystem.
This paper contributes to the literature looking at business succession from an Islamic accounting point of view, as this seems to be not fully considered by previous studies. Moreover, this paper is the first of its kind to integrate Islamic accounting and Islamic succession.
This study synchronizes previous works to advance the existing IBs' performance measure and offers fresh evidence of the global IBs's performance by using the developed yardstick. This work is relevant to academics, industry professionals and other related stakeholders in gaining reasonable insight on the extent to which IBs have been promoting maqasid al-Shari'ah.
This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the structure of SSBs and bank performance across different regulatory environments in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.
This paper is the first of its kind to study the practices and operations of an IFMF institution operating in India. The findings of the study will be useful for researchers and practitioners in the field of IFMF and Shari'ah compliance.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the causes of the low performance of zakat and waqf institutions in Northern Nigeria in alleviating poverty using an empirical methodology.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no other paper has yet addressed these issues in Islamic finance within the context of small firms, specifically in Oman. This paper attempts to contribute to the process of filling this gap.
The empirical analysis contributes to the literature in three ways. First, this study extends the work of Mohammad (2014) and Berger et al. (2018) by including almost all banks of 18 MENA countries. Second, this work is the first to analyse the relationship between liquidity creation and performance of conventional and Islamic banks in MENA. Third, this paper uses a sample of Islamic and conventional banks that have detailed information in the Orbis Bank Focus dataset, which is the most comprehensive database of banks in the MENA region.
This is the first study to examine the effects of IFMP and IBMP on the economic performance of 23 developed capitalist countries. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to decide whether to pursue IFMP or IBMP.
This paper attempts to explore the viability of integrating the unit trust waqf with a modern financial instrument that is not only Shari'ah compliant but also carries high potential for competitive returns while at the same time preserving the initial capital capital. Through this instrument, the current waqaf asset portfolio can be transformed into a source of wealth creation for the benefit of the ummah.
This paper differentiates between small local and internationally active Islamic banks and proposes to apply liquidity requirements only for small local banks. Small local banks will only bear the cost of increasing transparency. After that, the LCR mechanism is calibrated according to the needs of Islamic banks.
The novelty of this study lies in the proposed HRM model applicable to zakat institutions. The major contribution of this paper would be to assist the Malaysian SIRC in formulating a human resources strategy at their respective z Zakat institutions by referring to the proposed human resources model.
The originality of this paper lies in its focus on rent-seeking behaviour and zulm (injustice/exploitation) beyond the riba-interest equation. This is the first attempt to address the issue from an Islamic perspective.
This is the first study to examine the issue of form and substance in Islamic finance from an Islamic law perspective. The findings of this study will be useful to practitioners and scholars in the field of Islamic finance and in the development of financial products and services.
This paper is one of the first attempts to investigate the application of maslahah in Islamic banking in Malaysia, particularly in respect of bay' al-'inah, ta'wid and ibra`.
This study is the first attempt to explore the issue of IVC in the context of the Islamic finance industry, which is in dire need of equity financing products. The findings of this study will be useful to investors, financiers and Islamic finance practitioners.
The UGIT model suggests an innovative solution for liquidity management while meeting the Basel III regulatory requirements. This can be achieved through the qualification of the common equity shares as Level 2B high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), their eligibility for repo transactions with domestic central banks and the development of domestic short-term sukuk (Islamic investment certificates) with UgIT shares as underlying assets.
This is one of the first attempts to validate a financially affordable IHF model in the context of the Malaysian Islamic commercial banking industry. It is also the first attempt to validate an equity-based home financing model in an FC setting.
This is one of the first attempts to develop a Shari'ah-compliance rating system for the IFSI. It is also the first attempt to use a quantitative approach to develop the ratings. The findings of this study will be useful for policymakers, regulators and Islamic financial institutions.
The findings and analysis deduced from this research work are expected to enlighten policymakers on prevailing CRM issues in both IBs and CBs and enable them to develop solutions as necessary. This research also contributes towards the improvement of the banking industry's risk management practices in both Islamic banks and conventional banks in Pakistan.
This research is the first of its kind to analyze the issue of bay' wa salaf, as deliberated by jurists and scholars, enlist and explain the structures of relevant Islamic banking products that resemble bay'wa salaf in their execution, as well as to conduct Shari'ah analysis on their structures.
This is the first attempt to develop a cooperative-waqf model to develop idle waqf lands in Malaysia. The model is expected to be useful for the development of waqaf lands in the future.
This study systematically arranged factors that influence women micro-entrepreneurs to use ar-rahnu as a medium of financing, a method which has not been highlighted in previous studies. Besides, this study also provides possible explanations for what has made the informal credit market theory a powerful tool in explaining ar-RAUN as a self-sufficient means of financing for women entrepreneurs.
This study is the first attempt to investigate the relationship between the corporate tax rate and corporate tax revenue in the Malaysian context using Ibn Khaldun tax theory.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to address the socio-scientific methodology of holism emerging from the true foundation of Islam - that is, tawhid as the monotheistic law of everything. It is the first attempt to develop a new methodological worldview for the study of Islamic economics.
The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it presents a methodology to assess the impact of introducing Islamic finance on incumbents and on financial inclusion and the strategies that both financial authorities and incumbents can adopt.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the impact of predatory publishing on the development of Islamic economics and finance research.
The ICWME-I model has so far remained at best a conceptual framework, and this study attempts to fill in this gap by exploring the opinions and recommendations of various experts regarding the model's suitability, applicability and prospects in the market market.
This is the first attempt to explain the concept of ikhtilaf from the Shari'ah perspective in the context of the centralisation of the Islamic corporate governance system. The paper also provides insights into the comparative features of the decentralised and centralised systems of corporate governance.
The novelty of this paper lies in the proposed structure of salam-based crowdfunding, which combines the contemporary investment facilities of crowdfunding and the classical Shari'ah contract ofsalam. This study is the first of its kind in the context of Afghanistan.
The paper provides an understanding of the application of MM by KOPSYA and identifies the issues surrounding its application. It particularly seeks to highlight approaches to default, pricing of rental rates, profit-sharing method and early settlement, which differ from the practice of MM implemented by Islamic financial institutions (IFIs).
This study has tried to fill the gap in the empirical literature on the setting up of an Islamic retail bank in a Muslim-minority country. The premise is that establishment of a full-fledged Islamic retail banks in the country would cater for the needs of Muslim and non-Muslim individuals, businessmen and small- and medium-sized enterprises, help meet the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and provide for better financial inclusion.
Sale with the temporary exclusion of usufruct is a promising tool for modern Islamic finance. It is a low-risk instrument that is particularly useful for mitigating operational risks in legal environments where Islamic finance is barely recognized. The constructive use of this format calls for the development of an international Shari'ah standard on it. LARIBA uses this format in conjunction with declining partnership in usufructure.
The Malaysian model of the SGF is unique and could be emulated and adapted by other countries when developing the Islamic finance industry in their respective jurisdictions. The comprehensiveness and success of the Malaysian SGF could thus serve as a model for strengthening Shari'ah governance in other countries. It is clear that the implementation of an effective SGF will further promote stakeholders' confidence and the integrity of the Islamic financial industry, thereby reducing Shari'.
This study is the first of its kind in Malaysia to examine the existing practices of Islamic home financing and related matters to ensure that such activities are in line with the statutory requirements of the Islamic Financial Services Act (2013) (IFSA). IFSA prescribes an end-to-end Shari'ah compliance process in the activities, operations and business of Islamic banks, hence substantiating the importance of this study.
This study is the first study to examine the effect of Islamic sacred months on stock prices in Iran and Iraq Stock Exchanges.
- This is the first attempt to develop an economic theory of Islamic finance, based on macroeconomic, banking, price and finance theories.
This paper contributes to the literature on CSR practices of Palestinian Islamic banks and their contribution to socio-economic development. It is the first study that focuses on Islamic banks in Palestine.
This paper is expected to have practical relevance for regulators, financiers as well as the general public. It provides support for the promotion of greater risk-sharing contracts in Islamic commercial transactions, in the sense of the burden of liability for potential losses. This reflects the idea that the role of finance in Islam is to promote and ensure social benefits.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate corporate demand for general takaful in Malaysia. The findings of the study can be used as a guide for the development of business strategies and marketing strategies for the industry to better position the sector.
This is the first paper to analyse preference shares from both accounting and Shari'ah perspectives. It is also one of the few papers to analyse the issue of preference shares in the light of Shari'sah.
This paper concludes an interesting phenomenon on how professional accountants apply the provisions of IAS 38 and its exclusion on intangible assets and the views of Shari'ah scholars' in line with related requirements in Islam. The central concern is the effect of this treatment on the contracting parties who rely on the sufficiency of the information disclosed for their informed decisions. Economic decision usefulness as propagated by the financial reporting standards in reporting intangible assets would require additional disclosures on the intangible component of tangible assets in terms of Sharis' compliance and risk-based disclosures.
The originality of the paper lies in the fact that it is the first attempt to develop a framework for the use of Shari'ah non-compliant assets as rahn (pledge) in Islamic banking products from a fiqhi perspective. The framework is based on the fundamental ruling of the Islamic law.
The need to investigate the compliancy of contra trading practices is timely as at present the Shari'ah Advisory Council of Bursa Malaysia has yet to issue any resolution on its permissibility. The findings of the paper reveal that there are some identified issues in contra trading that require future in-depth deliberation.
This research is the first to investigate the Shari'ah stance on the imposition of GST on tabarru'-based takaful products in Malaysia.
The research will offer certainty to the takaful industry and explanation to academic and legal fraternities on the implementation of compensation for late payment of takafully benefits according to IFSA 2013. The research concludes that despite the positive response from the takasful industry on the requirement to compensate takafulness participants for late payments, some operational and Shari'ah issues require further deliberation.
This is the first study to analyse the optimum size of ROSCAs and the factors that affect their efficiency in Muslim and non-Muslim countries. It also discusses the compatibility of QHA financial contracts with Shari'ah standards.
This paper explains the Shari'ah screening and cleansing criteria for shares with particular focus on the ISRA-Bloomberg's methodology in both aspects. The methodology proposed by ISRA and Bloomberg is unique from many aspects that will be made clearer in the following sections of this paper.
This is the first study that critically reviews the global Islamic banking practices and compares them with those of Turkey. The Turkish Islamic banking sector is also compared with the conventional banking sector by using a large number of efficiency and profitability measures. This study also examines a number of key ratios reflecting business models and efficiency of conventional banks and IBs in Turkey between 2005 and 2015 to provide a more comprehensive picture of the problems and to recommend workable solutions.
This paper is the first of its kind to provide a comparative analysis of the existing purging methodologies in the Islamic finance industry. It is also the first to highlight the issues that need to be taken into account in the process of actual application of purging.
This research note attempts to combine the advantages of microfinance and cash waqf to provide microfinancing facilities to refugees. The model incorporates some risk management measures, in particular, the reserve fund to cover the operational expenses and the takaful unit to address the issue of adverse selection and default risks.
The proposed model can be used by individuals and the public to check the Shari'ah compliance score of any bank. This rating will introduce a healthy competition among Islamic banks to comply with Shari'sah laws and regulations. Further research is required to apply the model to more Islamic financial institutions.
This is the first attempt to explore the possibility of relaunching the takaful annuity retirement plan in Malaysia. It particularly seeks to address the key operational challenges in view of previous practices and input from industry players as well as research findings on annuities.
This study has examined micro-takaful and discussed some pertinent Shari'ah issues and views of both past and present scholars in respect of utilisation of zakah and waqf in the micro- takaful model. Zakah is a legal instrument and waquf is a voluntary instrument to serve the poor and the needy for attaining social welfare. The effective integration of both concepts in micro-Takaful will certainly have positive impacts on the lives of underprivileged members of the society.
This paper is the first to investigate the Shari'ah rulings on the combination of a sale and loan in one transaction and linked such rulings to the Malaysian qard-based accounts and the ShARI'ah stance on IFIs using such deposits to carry out tawarruq transactions.
The results of this study confirm that organizations need to improve their resilience. Today, there is growing interest in the development of corporate resilience, which includes crisis planning and gives companies the ability to survive and thrive despite adverse conditions. Many organizations and companies face many problems, and overcoming crisis situations and organizational resilience is one of the most important things in life.
The contribution of this study acknowledges the government or non-government development to expand the ideas and comprehension of the entrepreneurial competencies and at the same time, to understand its effects on increasing income and assets of the micro-enterprise among micro-entrepreneurs in Malaysia. This will acknowledge the entrepreneurs and business owners/or business owners to distributing the concepts, information and experience, which can develop the overall knowledge and competencies among the entrepreneurs in related industries. Finally, the entrepreneurial Competencies, which are truthfully related to the income and asset, were expected to improve the net wealth assets of micro-Enterprise owners.
This study is one of the few attempts to compare the board appointment/selection behavior of novice and experienced entrepreneurs, which, to the best of the authors' knowledge, has not been done before. This study contributes to the entrepreneurship literature, which has extensively studied boards in new ventures but has largely neglected the mechanism of board selection in these ventures.
This study is built upon the predictions of both the catering theory of dividends and dividend decision, and contributes to the somewhat sparse empirical literature towards understanding the implications of investor sentiment by examining the moderating role played by the entrenchment of managers and corporate governance mechanism, using a sample of large quoted firms in the Tunisia stock exchange.
This study is one of the first of its kind in Pakistan to explore the GPB of young customers in Sindh, Pakistan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for organizations and governments to understand the green purchasing behavior of the young generation in Pakistan.
This study contributes to the existing literature on internationalization and issues surrounding the challenges faced by Nigerian firms in their quest for internationalization by showing how some of the firms in Nigeria have been able to adjust to the challenges and the numerous prospects that can be harnessed by a firm in the international market. This article also took a critical look at the Internationalization process model by Johnson and Vahlne examining the 1977 model, what the elements in the model stand for when internationalization is discussed and the new internationalization model by same authors in 2009 explaining some changes that necessitated the new model and how the model has been ableto fully capture issues relating to the internationalization process.
Few studies have been conducted in Pakistan, with customer satisfaction as a mediator, but it is done in the financial and telecom industry. The present study has tried to fill this gap concerning developing countries and Pakistan, as price determines future consumption. Perceived price is not tested as a moderator between service quality and customer loyalty in the restaurant industry.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of ESDU as a plausible mediator of the relationship between EE and CVSD in Nigeria.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of behavioural antecedents of available resources on EIMW students' EIs using the theory of planned behaviour.
To the authors' knowledge, there is very little work that examines the antecedents of EO at the individual level. In this study, by using data from a novel intervention, which sought to imbibe EO within individuals, the authors take an initial but a crucial first step in understanding whether EO can be taught.
This study uniquely contributes in the body of knowledge to measure the pace of economic development at global level. Various studies have examined the entrepreneurial ventures irrespective of gender but ignored the share of female business women in the economy. By associating the women entrepreneurship with other economic development estimators of globalization and gender inequality, this study uniquely addresses this particular issue.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the determinants of entrepreneurial SMEs performance with the interaction effect of commercial loans in Pakistan. The findings of the study revealed that all the independent variables have a robust and positive association with entrepreneurial SME performance.
This research fills in the gap by expanding and formulating a deeper understanding of the antecedents of trust that influence consumer behavioral intention to use Airbnb. The results of this study may be useful for Airbnb company, Airbnb hosts, practitioners in the sharing economy industry and marketers by effectively identifying specific factors that influence consumers' behavior.
This study is expected to enrich the existing literature in several ways by proposing a new conceptual framework. In this study, institutional theory and resource-based view are integrated, and it postulates that the innovativeness of a firm may be influenced by the interaction between the external supports and internal factors. It is also proposed in this study that the ability of a technological firm to reap the benefits of national policies and supply chain collaboration is depending on the firm's ability to discover, create, seize and exploit the internal resources.
The new knowledge that this study adds to the literature is the determination of the mediation effect of boreout in the relationship between mobbing and service innovation performance. With the knowledge to be obtained, significant contributions will be provided to management, business, psychology, innovation and entrepreneurship literature.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the mediating role of entrepreneurial education in the relationship between entrepreneurial education and entrepreneurial intentions among undergraduate students in Ghana.
This study is one of the few studies on the entrepreneurship of millennials from low-income households in Malaysia that focussed on demographic factors and traits that can influence the attitude towards entrepreneurship. The findings of this study can help the government, development, development organisations and relevant research organisations to focus on improving the socio-economic status of Asnaf Millennials.
This study is one of the first to look into an individual's choice of a particular program and its corresponding impact on the four variables in a context and setting where starting up new businesses has seen a steady rise in the incidence of new businesses.
This study contributes theoretically to intrapreneurship literature by providing insights on PTs impacting IB and comparing the difference between diverse groups of employees. The findings of this study can be useful for human resource departments in corporations in selecting engineers and other professionals for employments according to PTs suitable for specific employment. This study also presents implications for firms seeking intrapraneurship as a competitive advantage in discovering the benefits of knowledge sharing in developing countries.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of market orientation on SME innovativeness in the context of Yemeni SMEs.
This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence on the influence of EFCs on business sustainability among youth and women entrepreneurs in Uganda. It is the first of its kind in the context of developing countries.
This study provides new insights into the literature by providing a well-organized conceptual model for measuring entrepreneurial intention among women entrepreneurs. The model addresses the role of personal characteristics, subjective norms, entrepreneurial ecosystem, entrepreneurial self-efficacy in influencing perceived desirability, perceived feasibility and entrepreneurial potential towards the entrepreneurial intention. The obtained result also brings the significant implications for practice as well as raises a broad future direction for other researchers.
This study is the first attempt to develop an integrated model of NPO donation-related behaviors. The findings of this research can serve as a working framework for NPO marketers in determining the priority of marketing activities to achieve maximum efficiency of limited marketing budget execution and in implementing marketing activities in order to enhance donor loyalty.
This paper contributes to two main research lines (market timing theory and business life cycle), by adding a dynamic factor to explain the choice of leverage by managers. Unlike the previous study by La Rocca et al. (2011), in which age is the criterion to distinguish between three life cycle stages, the authors use a measure that considers the ability of generating turnover at the different business levels of the firm. And this criterion allows us to identify three stages. Besides, the work is applied to quoted firms, while in La RocCA et al.'s (2011) study only small and medium-sized firms are considered.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of innovative low-cost strategy and competitive intensity on the performance of restaurants in Ghana.
This study is the first of its kind in the Indian context which has measured the entrepreneurial characteristics among university students and tried to establish a difference in levels of characteristics between entrepreneurially inclined and not inclined groups.
This paper contributes to the literature by clarifying the role of CCI in linking personal unethical sales behavior to sales performance, and extending to explore how CCI, task characteristics and individual factors may interact to influence on unethical behavior.
The current study is unique in terms of considering the service sector, that is banks, that are, rather than considering the manufacturing sector and the co-creation construct is added to the existing framework. This study highlights the importance of co- creation in benefiting the organization and customers for long-lasting relationships. The findings of the current study can help the banks and customers to understand the benefits that can be gained through co-created products and services.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of open innovation on organizational performance in the context of STPs in Yazd.
This study contributes to the literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the impact of the IoT on social innovation in Japan. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other countries that are in the process of implementing the IoT in their society.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of micro-enterprise development training and entrepreneurial competencies among low-income households in Malaysia. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers, development organizations, microfinance organizations, and researchers in the field of microenterprises.
This study model, which is examined in the context of the interaction of women entrepreneurship with technology, should be carried out with mediating variables such as leadership types, burn out or bore out. It is recommended that this study model on mobile internet should be examined in other technologies.
This study is one of the first to examine the antecedents of entrepreneurial intentions amongst business students in a tertiary institution in Botswana, using theory of planned behaviour (TPB) control. The study also extends the literature in this interesting field that has long over-relied on literature generated in the Western world.
This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan to investigate the relationship between CEO narcissism and EO in the context of private schools.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the nexus between marketing and entrepreneurial success in emerging markets from the perspective of MSMEs in Ghana.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the factors affecting the brand image and consumer satisfaction towards the Islamic travel package in Malaysia. The results of this study can be used to develop the image and offer Islamic travel packages that match the requirements of the new market.
The study is the first of its kind to explore the challenges faced by the Tibetan entrepreneurs in obtaining credit and financial growth in Karnataka state. It also reflects that India can be a destination as a prospective business arena for a migrated community. Indian economy promotes budding entrepreneurs as a panacea to address major problems of employment and poverty.
This paper contributes a piece of new empirical evidence regarding Google keywords and the number of firms and an amount of registered capital in the context of Vietnam by threshold regression. Therefore, the study presents some meaningful findings.
Based on the previous studies, especially on SMEs producing Indonesian special food in East Java, we know that SMEs in Batu Batu show superior performance. Therefore, it is necessary to comprehensively examine the factors determining the performance of SMEs. The thing that must be considered is how to anticipate weaknesses and constraints faced by SME business people.
The study is an extension of previous studies, which recommended for future researchers to consider the moderation effect of the economic situation, culture and emotions on the relationship between NR and opportunity recognition. The study also extends the existing literature by looking at the mediation and moderation factors that interacts with NR, and KA to influence PERF.
This study is the first of its kind to empirically examine the impact of innovation capabilities on the new service innovation success among Pakistani cellular companies. The findings of this study would be useful for the managers of the cellular companies to understand the importance of the innovation capabilities for the attainment of new service success.
This study is one of the first of its kind to examine the relationship between green purchase awareness and GRPB in a developing country context. The findings of this study will be useful for the policy makers and researchers to understand the factors that influence the green purchase behavior of the masses.
This study was crucial for suggesting possible ways to improve the socio-economic conditions of low-income households through micro-enterprise performance. This study also contributed to the RBV literature by examining both direct and indirect effect of entrepreneurial skills, market orientation, sales orientation and networking on enterprise performance.
This study is the first attempt to develop a validated measure of IEO in the S-ENT context. The ISEO scale would be helpful for students, faculty members, social entrepreneurs and government, as well as for other social entrepreneurs.
This study provides an examination of the mediating role of psychological capital in the influence of the ethical leadership on the service innovation behavior that allows ethical values to be passed on to the audience. In this study, the impact of ethical leadership was examined by a comprehensive literature review.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, the present study is the first empirical investigation on the nexus of entrepreneurship and innovation performance in the context of SME sector of Pakistan.
This research contributes to both theory and practice by analyzing the relationship between corporate entrepreneurial approaches and internal innovation performance. Without the use of external methods for innovation, corporations cannot maintain the innovativeness, pro-activeness and risk-taking behavior of employees unless they are focused on internal innovation.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the role of Accelerators from a resource-based perspective. The findings of this study will be useful for both academicians and practitioners to understand the value of these programs and, in practice, differences in perspectives and roles among incubators.
The original contribution of this study is the application of the technique and its managerial implications. The fuzzy analytic hierarchical process (AHP) technique has been applied in this study to determine the rank of the factors of IC in the MSME sector. The rationale of the study is to provide a better understanding on enablers of innovation, especially for MSMEs, on one platform by providing the ranking of the enabler and to provide the future scope related to this area, which will help scholars, entrepreneurs, managers and policymakers.
There is a dearth of information on crowdfunding study in Asia. With little data available to analyze, this research will contribute to knowledge and provide additional information to researchers and industry representatives on the crowdfunding market conditions in China.
This study is the first to combine the use of LCA and LCC in the analysis of environmental impact with industrial cost, including not only environmental externalities but also the phases of use and disposal of the ceramic product (consumer perspective).
This is one of the first studies to empirically examine the effectiveness of the WKBC and WKBN and the critical variables that influence their effectiveness in light of such an important policy objective. It is also the first study to examine the relationships among those above-mentioned variables to inquire upon a set of critical questions pertaining to Korean diaspora entrepreneurs' investment in the homeland including the effective implementation of theWKBC.
This study is the first of its kind to test the impact of proactive personality, entrepreneurial self-efficacy and university support factors on the entrepreneurial intentions of female business students of Pakistan. It is also one of the few studies that have tested the influence of university support and individual personality factors on entrepreneurial intentions in a developing country like Pakistan.
This study is one of the first to examine the effect of entrepreneurial orientation on entrepreneurial competencies and micro-enterprise performance among low-income households in Kelantan.
The present study is an attempt to fill the highlighted gaps and develop a model for assessing the effects of personality traits on EI in perspective of TPB in the context of a developing country.
This study is one of the first to examine the relationship among entrepreneurial orientation, entrepreneurship education, financial and nonfinancial business performance in Korea.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore SRM in health-care area from provider's perspective. The paper provides a comprehensive framework for successful SRM implementation in the healthcare industry.
This is the first study to examine the relationship between spinoffs and non-spinoff entrepreneurs in the context of Japan's post-bubble entrepreneurial ecosystem. This study contributes to the literature by providing empirical evidence of the importance of the entrepreneur's prior experience in the creation of a new firm.
This is the first study to use DEA to evaluate the efficiency of humanitarian assistance organizations in the non-profit sector in South Korea.
This paper presents an innovative method to design the brand identity of a nanotechnology company based on Hermeneutics, which has not been used before.
This study is one of the first to empirically examine the EC environment of ASEAN-5 countries in the context of the university-industry-government domain. The findings of this study can serve as a guide for policymakers of the ASEan region to improve the EC environments of their countries.
This study is one of the first to examine the effect of economic vulnerability on entrepreneurial competencies among Malaysian micro-entrepreneurs. This study also contributes to the existing literature by providing empirical evidence on the relationship between economic vulnerability and entrepreneurial competences.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between innovative capability, strategic goals and financial performance of SMEs in Ghana. The results of this study will be useful to the government and the private sector in Ghana and other developing nations.
This study is the first of its kind to identify macro-level enabling conditions necessary for the formation of SBEs in the Philippines and to analyze them in the context of the Philippines, an emerging economy that is yet to be transformed into an inclusive one. The findings of this study can serve as a reference for other countries that are yet to transform their economies into inclusive ones.
This paper provides basis for policymakers and practitioners to understand what Japanese policymakers should know about government VCs and how they should effectively draft, amend and implement policies on government VC policies. This paper could also serve as a reference for future research on governmentVCs in the academe.
This study contributes to the literature on legitimacy in particular and institutional theory in general. The authors contribute to the understanding of how organizations deal with legitimacy so that they can strike a balance between different kinds of legitimacy to secure critical resources.
This study is one of the first to examine the impact of R&D capability on patent and new product development in the context of innovation type SMEs in Korea. The results of the study can be used as a reference for other SMEs to improve their technology innovation.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of strategic planning on the performance of SMEs in Ghana in the presence of market dynamism. The findings of this study will be of value to both academicians and SME managers.
This study examines various network relationships formed after the BCD program among consultants and problem-owners. Networks were being built mostly based on networks type 1 (the relationship between the problem-owner and the consultant) and network type 2 (the network between the consultant and the problem owner). The authors were able to confirm that Network type 1 has changed after the program. The authors propose the new role of universities to enable business ecosystem.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the relationship between decent working conditions and work-life balance in the context of small enterprises in Bangladesh. The findings of this study are of great importance for policy makers and researchers.
This study is the first of its kind in the Philippines to examine the status and conditions of SMEs as predictors in empowering the rural communities of Samar Island, Philippines.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it presents a concept about how blockchain- and distributed-ledger-principles can be used for securing a sensor network with a lightweight protocol. The protocol is specially designed for short- and low-data-rate transmission with low calculation effort on the processor. This leads to a higher effort for intruders to gain access to the communication process and to inject false information into the process.
This paper will contribute to provide an overview of banking sectors by applying blockchain technology and also find the difference between international market and Korea market. Therefore, it provides directions on how we should respond.
This study is one of the first attempts to apply blockchain technology to solve the problems of the existing electric power trading system using a P2P trading platform.
This study extends the literature on self-efficacy and contributes to the field of female entrepreneurship by examining institutional antecedents of women's entrepreneurial self-efficiency. Moreover, this study illustrates the significance of understanding the cognitive aspect of Japanese female entrepreneurs' experience of gendered constraints on their career options. Lastly, unlike the majority of the empirically driven research that examines behavioral intentions using samples of students, this research places particular emphasis on a sample of active female entrepreneurs.
This is the first study that examines the impact of financial restatement on auditor changes in Iran.
This study contributes to the literature by identifying the specific antecedents of perceived value in the context of the sharing economy, specifically Airbnb. The results of the study also contribute to the understanding of the factors that influence perceived value among Airbnb users.
- This paper contributes to the understanding of the importance of corporate and institutional entrepreneurship through analyzing the K Tire's first adaptation of Radio-frequency identification (RFID) among the world tire manufactures. Also, this paper can contribute to start-up firms' readiness for cultivating of institutional and corporate entrepreneurship from initial stage to grow and survive.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the effect of entrepreneurship on entrepreneurial intention of ICT majors in Busan area. This study is also the first attempt to identify the factors that need to be considered to activate the entrepreneurial intention in universities.
This study provides a new perspective of driving innovation to IoT-SMEs by linking IoT attributes to innovation paths for their survival and sustainable growth.
Existing studies of IPTV have largely depended on self-reporting surveys to examine dynamics between antecedent variables and IPTV performance in terms of customer satisfaction, usage intension and customer retention. To the best of the authors' knowledge, none of them has studied customer defection behaviors based on actual usage records of IP TV service, and this research intends to fill the gap.
This study is one of the first to examine the effects of emotional labor on work engagement and boundary spanner creativity in the context of salespeople. It also contributes to the literature on salespeople's emotional exhaustion and boundary spanners' creativity.
- This study is the first to examine the impact of brand concept on brand equity. It is also the first study to examine brand concept as an antecedent of emotional attachment and customer commitment. The findings of this research provide a useful structure for managers developing brand concept management and researchers studying brand equity, as well as providing a useful framework for future research.
This research fills in the gap by expanding and formulating a deeper understanding of the antecedents of initial trust that influence consumer behavioral intention that might be responsible for the slow diffusion of mobile banking services in the country.
This study extends the ramification of TCE on specific issue of offshore-outsourcing of MNC's innovation function. Also, for managers who are charge of innovation, the general idea will be a useful normative guideline for making the sourcing decisions.
This is the first time that EE has been implemented in secondary schools in the North Island of New Zealand. It is hoped that the findings of this study will be of value to those involved in the design, implementation and evaluation of similar programs in other countries.
This paper presents an attempt to measure nation image analyzing utterances for nations using unstructured data. The researchers believe that the image driven from Wikipedia can be used as an online real-time supplement to offline expensive traditional models measuring nation image.
By analyzing the relationship between golf range users' participation motivation, satisfaction and exercise adherence intention, this study aims to provide a higher quality service to golf driving range users and to provide the basic data required for the popularization of golf through increased participation in golf exercise.
The study is significant in terms of creating an argument to consider the incubation and development of innovation competence in strategic decision-making. This would be instrumental in providing competitiveness to the firms that are in a fragmented industrial sector, i.e. agro-food processing industry.
This paper reveals Indonesian reseachers' level of understanding on youth entrepreneurial issues. This paper aims to analyze young entrepreneurs' characteristics. Second, this paper proposes to analyze some factors affecting entrepreneurs' intention on agricultural sector. Recommendation of this research is formulated based on likely causes of high entrepreneur's intention in agricultural sector of young generation in Indonesia.
This research introduces IMC theory to further management innovation and establishment of MBNPOs. The 5Rs of IMC point out the essential purpose of theMBNPO's origins and draw a feasible path for its establishment. The research elaborates the mechanism and steps of management innovation in MBN PO establishment.
This paper provides implications for theory development and practical management. From a theoretical viewpoint, this paper extends the existing literature about the growth of SMEs and also broadens the scope of female entrepreneurial performance studies. The authors empirically test the positive effect that a female brings in SMEs under the context of China, and this will provide inspiration to carry out relevant international comparative study. This provides useful empirical guidance for the Chinese policymakers, regulators and corporate decision makers concerning TMT gender diversity in SME.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the extent of the IGPs of a government academic institution in the Philippines. The findings of the study can be used as a reference for other government universities and colleges to enhance their IGP operations.
This paper is the first attempt to develop a conceptual model of social entrepreneurial intention based on the social cognitive career theory. It is also one of the first attempts to propose a model which can explain the formation of intention to become an entrepreneur.
Little research on the relationships between the ISP and BPR and firm performance has been carried out in the context of manufacturing SMEs. This study addresses this important research question by studying whether the ERP performance of Korean SME manufacturers is different according to the B PR and ISP and levels of ERP customization. The results of this paper contribute to research and practice.
To the authors' knowledge, no cross-cultural studies dealing with boycott behavior have been reported to date. The boycott case examined in this paper against Maclean's magazine is a practical case study of ethnic grouping and segregation as well as perceptional difference which comes from cross-culture backgrounds.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first study that uses quantitative meta-analysis to explore various determinants of RFID adoption around the world. This study also introduces how to standardize different types of statistical values to show the degree of relationship between RFID and independent variables such as organizational factors, technological factors and public policy.
This study presents the majority of firm data suitable for mixed gamma distribution and finds out estimates for mixture gamma distribution composed of three data sources, namely, small businesses and medium-sized and large enterprises.
This study is one of the first attempts to compare the service innovation strategies and key success factors of haitao business in the Chinese market. This study will help managers identify service innovation and success factors influencing the performance of haITAo business. Comparing the strategies of a major global player with those of a niche market player will give some clues for managers to find appropriate innovation strategies for their companies considering their internal competences and market environments.
This study is one of the first to examine the trade-off relationship between discount rate and limited quantity in the context of limited-quantity flash sales.
This is a case study that aims to develop an appropriate NPD process that fits the current status of the Company "T" by focusing on analyzing failure cases. The resulting accomplishments include the establishment of NPD processes that resonate with the current states of the company, which, in turn, ensures the increase of efficiency, the decrease in development duration and the strategy-concentration and priority-selection.
This study is a precursor to a larger initiative that will probe the cognitive antecedents to market need/problem identification, assessment and exploitation; and will provide a platform for further investigation in this area. The study has a marked leaning towards new and developing entrepreneurs rather than seasoned and experienced serial entrepreneurs.
This study presented the entry of a large competitor as a new variable that can reduce uncertainties along with the new product types. However, it could also function as a precedent factor for uncertainties. As for mediation effects, this study showed that the mediation effect of technological uncertainty is not mediated by market uncertainty but not by technological uncertainty.
This study is the first to empirically examine the systematic and hierarchical relationships among firms' strategic orientations and INNO, as well as the mediating role of INNO culture on the relationship between firms' performance.
This paper presents a new method for precise vehicle localization using feature matching of pavement images. The proposed method can be used to obtain precise localization information of all vehicles in real-time, which will bring about revolutionary changes in future traffic management.
This paper presents a new lane-change path planning and control method for self-driving articulated trucks on highways. The proposed method can be used to improve the safety of the lane-changing behavior of the vehicles and improve the stability and anti-collision behavior of these vehicles.
Most of the speed guidance models under the condition of CV focus on the traveling efficiency of the vehicles passing through the intersection and failed to consider comprehensively the balance between mobility and safety. Therefore, this paper proposes a quasi-moving block speed guidance (QMBSG) model by introducing the block section theory. Based on the high-speed train operation state, the moving block sections theory can consider the brake distance and the track density of a high- speed train to ensure the safety and mobility of the whole operation.
In this paper, the authors propose a new approach to improve the schedule adherence based on dynamic signal control and speed guidance in a connected bus system. The proposed method is based on real-time bus tracking data at stops, which can be used to control the operation of the buses more precisely. In addition, the proposed method can also be applied to other connected bus systems to improve schedule adherence.
This study is one of the first to investigate the relationship between the risk posed by using cell phones while driving and driver demographic characteristics by using the SHRP 2 naturalistic driving data set.
This is the first study that quantifies the extent of information loss when sampling driving behavior data. The results of this study can be used to assess the sampling rates that are appropriate to capture micro-driving behavior without losing much information.
This study conducted a driving simulation experiment to explore the fine classification of road traffic visibility based on the characteristics of driving behavior under different visibility conditions. The findings from this approach have important scientific significance and practical value for ensuring road traffic safety and improving road operation efficiency. These conclusions will help to establish more accurate control measures and to ensureRoad traffic safety under low-visibility conditions.
This study is one of the first to analyze the drivers' acceptance of CV-VSL systems in fog area. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the design and implementation of the fog warning system in foggy days. This study can also be used to improve the design of DMS and on-board HMI in fog areas.
This paper provides a framework for evaluating the performance of the WYDOT CV pilot deployment program in terms of its pre-deployment efforts and lessons learned. The proposed framework can be used as a guide for other CV pilot programs that are planning to deploy CV applications on the I-80 corridor.
This study is one of the first studies to analyze female drivers' ECG characteristics within the context of connected vehicles. The results of this study can be used for the development of intelligent human-machine interaction, personalized driver assistance system and driver warning system.
This study expands upon the virtual vehicle scheme in dealing with abrupt sensor malfunction, using virtual vehicles to give a transitory prediction of the behavior of undetectable vehicles. The virtual vehicles fill the detection gap caused by sensor failure, thus, further enabling the ADS to predict the behaviour of surrounding vehicles during the fallback process. Furthermore, the model predictive approach is applied to the vehicle control in the fallbacks.
This paper contributes by identifying the correlation of critical driving risk in emergency cases with the driver maneuvers in period of last short term based on connected vehicle BSMs messages. The findings of this study are relevant to incorporation of alerts, warnings and control assists in V2V applications of connected vehicles. Such applications can help drivers identify situations where surrounding drivers are volatile and they may avoid dangers by taking defensive actions.
This study is the first to validate the path-following accuracy of a steering assistance interface that relies on surface electromyography input from the biceps brachii muscles for rapid, hands-free steering wheel rotation.
This study is the first attempt to design the system framework of hazardous materials transportation safety management system under the vehicle-infrastructure connected environment. The proposed system can effectively reduce the risk of hazardous transportation, effectively reducing risk and providing reference reference for land planning and emergency management of relevant departments and emergency planning and management system.
The main contribution of this paper is the formulation of a traffic density extraction method under the VANET environment. This method represents a novel approach to extracting the density of vehicle level, lane level and network level, which overcome the disadvantages of the traditional methods.
The main contribution of the work can be summarized as follows: presenting a feature selection method from the perspective of statistics to investigate the statistical significance of each feature based on big naturalistic driving data; both time-domain and frequency-domain features are considered to fill in gaps in existing works on feature selection; and taking different driving scenarios into consideration in the feature extraction procedure to comprehensively evaluate the extracted features. Finally, the classification performance by using the selected features in each LC scenario is compared to that using all features.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the influence of automated driving on driver's own localization in a driving simulator setting.
This study is the first attempt to establish a driver's braking intention identification model based on functional near-infrared spectroscopy data. The proposed model can be used to identify the drivers' braking intention in real time.
This paper took advantage of candidate combined features reflecting the consistency of driving operations; critical features were extracted using AdaBoost at the same time. When the driving operations went through the curves at a special course, they were studied based on DS. In the end, all features corresponding to relevant curves were selected and extracted using the proposed method. The result illustrated that most features came out at the entrance and exit of all curves, which congruent with the driving behavior.
This paper proposes a novel intelligent vehicle risk assessment method combined with multi-sensor fusion in dense traffic environment. The proposed method can be applied in real dense traffic conditions to reduce the number of vehiclecrashes and minimize the impact of accidents. This method can also be used in the detection-level fusion of multi-object tracking to deal with the large number of false positives or negatives.
This paper presents a novel lane change control system for A-IWM EV, which consists of a stable trajectory planning level that ensures the feasibility of the generated reference path, a high-level model predictive control (MPC) and a low-level energy-efficient control allocation (EECA) scheme, to enhance the feasibility and energy efficiency of lane changing and to reduce energy expenditure.
Based on the intelligent computing, based on the multidimensional analysis of vehicular network testbed data, the number of message copies increased dramatically, and the reachability and vehicular positioning enhancement have been improved. So the application of intelligent computing in the vehicle network system will be more extensive, and computing intelligence will be an important technical means of car networking and improve the development of the car networking system.
This paper presents a novel approach to solve the decision-making problem of self-driving cars in a dynamic highway with random traffic flow. The proposed approach can be used to improve the performance of the autonomous driving system in a real-world scenario.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, there is no research that applies CAVs' smoothing work zone traffic flow dynamics. In this research, for the first time, the authors develop a CCAM based approach introducing a collaborative component of CAVs to smooth the traffic dynamics in freeway work zones.
Based on the harmonized analysis of the GES/FARS crash data, a set of five crash scenarios has been recommended for the performance testing of bicyclist AEB systems. Combined with TASI 110-car naturalistic driving data, environmental factors, including lighting conditions, obscuring objects, vehicle speed and bicyclist speed, have been discussed in this paper.
This paper proposes an accelerated testing method for AVs safety evaluation in cut-in scenarios based on improved importance sampling, genetic algorithm and simulation applications. The proposed method can be applied to simulation test and provide scenarios for hardware-in-loop test, driving simulator test and controlled test bed.
This study is one of the first to explore postdoctoral scholars' perceptions of a university teaching certificate program specifically designed for them. The findings of this study highlight the need for universities to consider the needs of different groups of participants when designing and offering teaching certificate programs.
The CRREM tool makes use of a downscaling approach which breaks down the mitigation targets to a regional and sectoral diversified level. This provides the industry with science-based decarbonisation pathways until 2050, giving them the possibility to make their assets and portfolios 1.5-/2-degree-ready ("Paris-proof portfolio"). Additionally, the tool comprises various simulation possibilities like virtual retrofit decisions and their consequences on ecological performance.
This paper is the first to analyse the value effects of deep energy retrofits in the commercial real estate market. It is also one of the first studies to provide empirical evidence on the magnitude of these value effects. The findings can be used as a guide for property owners, buyers and valuation professionals in their decision-making process.
This study is the first of its kind to explore climate change information needs in the Australian property industry. The findings of this study will be of value to property institutional owners, investors, occupiers and users of property assets, as they seek to understand how climate change impacts on the built environment can be addressed.
This research underscores the importance of understanding the property valuation logics in the profitability analysis of on-site energy production: it is not only a decrease in the property's operating expenses that matters but also it is the value created through capitalising the savings, not to mention other potential financial and nonfinancial benefits of enhancing sustainability that is crucial. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first public research that empirically examines the value-influencing mechanism of renewable energy production from the perspective of professional property investors.
The research verifies that the set of NNs developed speeds up energy retrofit programs, especially when applied to a large stock of buildings and provides crucial support for the decision-making. Among the major accomplishments of this research is the creation of a methodology that is not excessively data demanding, with NNs helping to overcome the problem of collecting data for building energy simulations, which is extremely time-consuming, difficult and expensive. The flexibility of the networks developed, that can compare numerous design scenarios for different building stocks only by changing the data in the input neurons and obtaining the corresponding outputs.
This is the first comprehensive review of the relationship between energy efficiency and the value of residential property in Europe, and by so doing, provides a deeper understanding of the evolution of this relationship over time. It also provides an insight into whether stronger policies are required to realise decarbonisation in existing residential property.
This paper is the first to quantify and measure the dynamic effects of EPCs on house prices across the price spectrum, as well as improving the understanding of the potential contribution of energy performance certificates in the mobilisation of cost-effective retrofit improvements, which enable householders to optimise energy efficiency within financial frameworks.
This is the first paper to consider the Australian courts' views on climate change inundation risks for developments in the context of valuations. The paper also considers the implications for valuers, financiers, owners, investors and occupiers.
This paper is the first of its kind to explore the future of sustainable real estate investments in a post-COVID-19 world.
This study is the first of its kind to evaluate the adaptation and mitigation strategies by paddy-growing farmers to mitigate the climate crisis in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka state, India.
This is one of the first studies to examine smallholder farmers' perceptions of climate variability in a semi-arid region in South Africa. The findings of this study provide a basis for further research on climate variability and its impacts on agriculture in Sub-Saharan Africa.
This study is the first of its kind in South Africa to investigate the impacts of climate change on water resources in a rural community in Limpopo province, South Africa. The findings of the study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners in the field of water security and climate change.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is one of the first studies to empirically examine the effects of farmers' adoption behavior of soil and water conservation measures on agricultural output in the Loess Plateau, which is the most serious area of soil erosion in China.
This study is one of the first to use meta-analysis to evaluate the ESV of grassland ecosystems in China under climate change. The results of the study can be used as a reference for researchers and policy makers to understand the impact of climate change on the grassland ecosystem service value in China.
This study is the first of its kind to analyse changing trends in ERIs over the Mekong Delta using the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimator.
This study is one of the first attempts to predict the carbon price trend under different economic development and energy consumption levels, so as to be able to formulate various countermeasures in advance, turn crisis into opportunity and minimize the negative impact of carbon trading policies on arid and semi-arid regions.
This is the first study to compare GHG emissions across three livestock production systems in Eastern and Northern Ethiopia through quantification of (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), and emission per kilogram of different livestock products from dairy cattle, sheep and goat across the three different production systems.
This study is the first to examine the economy-wide impact of CO2 emissions on agricultural productivity and household welfare in line with the CRGE strategy in Ethiopia using a dynamic CGE model. The results of the study provide an insight into the significance of pursuing GHG emissions reduction policies, by indicating the direct impacts of GHg emissions on total factor productivity in agriculture and on household welfare.
The results of this work can support authorities in planning development policies as HIR events are expected to increase in frequency and magnitude in the context of climate variability. Estimating the peak intensities of HREs can provide adequate information for infrastructure design. It is necessary to establish the rainfall IDF curves to support the prediction and design of engineering infrastructures.
This paper focuses on the impact of product differentiation and emission reduction policies on the production level and CO2 emission reduction of the steel industry. This paper establishes a two-stage multi-oligopoly enterprise production selection model by introducing a carbon tax policy and product differentiation theory. The changes in total output, social welfare and other indicators under the constraints of the industry's emission reduction targets were analyzed.
The novelty of this article can be displayed in the following four aspects: this paper provided a comprehensive understanding of the dynamic process of the development and evolution of carbon-trading schemes; this paper has mapped the first dual-map overlay figure of the carbon trading literature and demonstrated it by examples; for the first time, in strict accordance with the development of the timeline, this paper made a detailed and systematic analysis of keywords in a certain field, to describe the evolution of research on carbon trading along four evolutionary dimensions, given the four dimensions of discipline, keyword, citation cluster and citation path; and this paper summarizes the research hotspots and future research trends and summarizes the whole paper.
This study contributes to the literature by investigating the effects of N deposition on the clonal growth of Leymus chinensis, a typical clonal plant in arid and semi-arid regions, which is one of the more sensitive areas for climate change due to their lack of water resources and fragile ecological environment.
This study is the first of its kind to assess the impact of climate change on agricultural production in Quang Nam Province, Viet Nam. The results of this study can be used as a basis for the development of a climate change adaptation plan for the agricultural sector in Vietnam.
This study may be of practical and technical importance in regional climate change forecasting, extreme carbon emission regulations and industrial production resource management in the world economy. These results also provide information for the analysis of the environmental cost of the social expenditures, depending on the magnitude of the impact on the total supply.
This study contributes to a greater scientific understanding of the adoption drivers for new irrigation technology in the context of small-hold farming. The findings provided an opportunity to draw general lessons from the adoption scenario of the new technology by farmers: on why farmers adopt the new technologies to reduce the risks from drought, and on the process on the adoption process, how different risk-sharing organization plays considerable effects as it was suggested by Aneani et al. (2012), Knowler and Bradshaw (2007) and Knowler, Bradshaw and Council (1996). This article presented recent advances examining the role of drought shock and risk-taking networks toward the adoption of modern irrigation technologies by farmers.
This study is one of the first studies to analyze the relationship between logistics performance and CO2 emissions in Balkan countries. The results of this study can be used for benchmarking, as it allows a comparison across 160 countries included in most recent versions of LPI. This comparison allows countries identify challenges and opportunities and improve their performance.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the determinants of adaptation strategies to climate change among the smallholder farmers in the Central Rift Valley of Ethiopia. The findings of this study will help in the development of a better understanding of the factors that influence the adaptation strategies of the farmers in this region.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the attitudinal and behavioural challenges associated with climate change in the under-developed countries of South Asia. The findings of this study will help the researchers and policy makers to design and implement community-based mitigation and adaptation strategies to mitigate the adverse impacts of climate change on the societies.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the relationship between climate change and vegetation phenology in the Loess Plateau. The results of this study can be used as a reference for the selection of optimal species and can provide technical support for the formulation and implementation of ecologically sustainable development measures.
This study is one of the first attempts to quantify farmers' adaptation strategies in the context of a rapidly changing community such as the Lijiang prefecture in Southwest China that shifted from an agro-economy to a tourism-based economy. This study contributes to the literature by quantifying the adaptation strategies used by farmers in response to climate change and identifying the factors that influence their adaptation strategies.
This study contributes to the understanding of the role of cooperation of emerging multilateral institutions in climate finance, which has been rarely investigated in prior research. Understanding the impact of cooperation and operational mechanisms may encourage regulators, green organizations, investors and other stakeholders to motivate, manage and invest in such partnerships. This study is one of the first to examine the environmental effects of climate financial fragmentation empirically.
This is the first systematic review on the determinant factors of CCA by pastoral/agro-pastoral communities and smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa. The findings of this review will contribute to the design of context-specific adaptation strategies in the region and to the body of knowledge by bringing together the pieces of information from various papers.
This study is one of the first attempts to study the carbon linkages of the entire carbon chain of the Indian economy using the HEM. It is also the first attempt to decompose the net back and forward linkages using the MHEM. The results of this study will be helpful in targeted carbon mitigation efforts to reduce the carbon emissions from different energy sources.
This paper aims to provide a more comprehensive approach of public policy to solar energy deployment on a large scale. It is argued there are conditions to greatly expand the share of solar in the Brazilian power sector, and this paper discusses proposals on policy instruments to reach that potential.
First, this paper attempts to measure carbon productivities of 29 manufacturing subsectors in Shanghai applying slacks-based measure directional distance function (SBM-DDF) and Malmquist-Luenberge (GML) index, so as to improve the accuracy and efficiency of the calculation. Second, from the perspective of manufacturing subsector, rather than at the geographical level, it provides an insight into the convergence of carbon productivity across the manufacturing sectors for the first time.
This study contributes to the understanding of the social representations of climate change in a context of exposure to coastal risks. The results highlight consensual elements: climate change is real and underway, through rising temperatures and severe meteorological disturbances. Moreover, differentiated perceptions are observed according to the geoclimatic anchoring of the populations, notably regarding the causes of modifications of the climate or the chronology of environmental evolution.
This study is the first to examine the relationship between foreign finance, economic growth and CO2 emissions Nexus in OECD countries. This study contributes to the existing literature by providing evidence that foreign finance has a positive effect on CO2 emission Nexus in the OECD countries, which is important for policy makers and policy makers.
This is the first study to explore the impact of climate-related and geophysical natural disasters on sectoral FDI in developing countries. It is also one of the first studies to explore sectoral differences in FDI.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the short-run and long-run impacts of climate change on agriculture in China. The results of this study can be useful for policy makers and policy makers to adopt appropriate adaptation strategies to reduce the negative impacts of climatic changes on agriculture.
This study is the first of its kind to explore the perceptions of local communities on climate change and its impacts in the Rakaposhi valley of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The findings of this study will help in developing enabling policies, effective communication strategies and socially accepted technologies to minimise risks and reduce climate vulnerability.
This is one of the few studies that have attempted to identify the determinants of farmer's adoption of more than one CSAT in Vietnam. The findings of this study can guide policymakers in developing plans and programs for disseminating appropriate CSATs and mitigate the detrimental impacts of climate change on the agricultural sector.
This study is the first of its kind in Pakistan. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to understand the impacts of climate change on cereal crops production.
This study contributes to the literature on climate-smart agriculture by highlighting the role of LI and IK systems in adoption and scaling of climate- smart agricultural innovations in smallholder farming communities in SSA. The findings of this study also contribute to the existing literature on IK and LI in climate change adaptation efforts in rural communities in Africa.
The study provides valuable insights into the effects of climate variability on the livelihoods of forest-dependent communities proximal to Kakamega tropical rain forest in Kenya. The findings will not only enrich our understanding on climate variability and its related impacts on such communities but also will provide insights to researchers and policymakers on practical initiatives needed to enhance resilience at the local scale.
The paper draws on indigenous people's knowledge for conducting CRA of climate change and climate variability, focusing in particular, on sunshine, temperature and winds in Ghana. Most climate change research focuses on rainfall changes because of its direct effect on farming to the neglect of other equally important factors that affect livelihoods. It is evident that scientific knowledge systems need to be complemented with indigenous knowledge systems for enhancing effective community resilience to climate change.
This is the first study to examine the determinants of households' adaptation decisions in rural Cambodia using a three-stage quantitative approach. It is also one of the few studies to examine adaptation decisions at the household level in Southeast Asia.
This study contributes to the literature on household resilience by using a broad subjective approach that simultaneously explores multiple potential predictors in the context of climate-related shocks and stresses in Uganda.
Based on the existing literature, this paper first details the construction of a low-carbon competitiveness evaluation index system involving the economy, society, the environment and policy to comprehensively measure the level of competitiveness. To overcome evaluation subjectivity, the study uses the catastrophe progression method proposed by Chinese scholar Du Xingfu; this can sequence the importance of all indices. The weight of each index is then determined using the principal component analysis method, and the low- carbon competitiveness of 31 provinces in China is calculated. Combined with the improved diagnosis model, this allows us to deeply understand obstacles to certain provinces' low- Carbon competitiveness development. Furthermore, the authors use the spatial autocorrelation model to analyze the distribution of low-Carbon competitiveness.
This study is one of the first studies to investigate the impact of aging and off-farm employment on farmers' technology adoption behavior of soil and water conservation technology in the Loess Plateau. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the mediating role of technology cognition and the moderating effect of social network in the relationship of aging, off- Farm employment, social network and farmers' adoption behavior.
This paper contributes to the ongoing development of this literature by demonstrating how reforms can be packaged in a way that is Pareto superior in theory but not so in practice. The concept of possibilism is used to conceptualize the process by which reforms can take hold and how they can be overcome.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate whether farmers in Haryana, India, gradually learn from past climate extreme events and adopt CAW as an ex ante climate risk reduction and coping strategy.
This study is the first to use a set of indicators to assess the vulnerability of Can Tho city to climate change. The results of this study can be used by the local government to develop appropriate measures with which to respond to the impacts of climate change in the city.
The study is relevant in understanding how ENSO impacts agriculture and maize production: an enterprise that could move the country closer to eliminating hunger and meeting goal one of the Sustainable Development Goals.
This study is the first of its kind to apply ANFIS, ANN and fuzzy time series models to CO2 emission from the energy sector and global temperature increase. The results of this study are expected to be useful for the policy makers, researchers and researchers.
This study is the first to assess the impact of resting on plant cover dynamics and productivity in relation to the vegetation type and duration of this technique, to develop suitable management tools for these rangelands to cope with climate change and improve the resilience of community livelihoods.
This is the first study to examine the effects of climate change and grazing pressure on shrub communities in West Asia rangelands. The findings suggest that the current state of rangeland management practices may not be sufficient to mitigate the negative impacts of future climate change on West Asia shrub populations. The authors suggest that future research should focus on the development of more effective management strategies to mitigate these impacts.
This is the first study to study the genetic variability, heritability, heat tolerance indices and phenotypic and genotypic correlation studies for traits of 250 elite International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) bread wheat genotypes under high temperature in Wad Medani, Sudan.
This paper provides a historical perspective of climate change in sustainable livelihoods of coastal areas of the Red River Delta, Nam Dinh, Vietnam. The findings of this paper can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to develop a sustainable livelihood for the coastal areas in Vietnam.
This paper is the first of its kind to examine the challenges and opportunities of wheat production and breeding in SSA in the face of climate change.
This study is the first of its kind in South Africa to investigate the relationship between the adoption of agroforestry practices and climate change mitigation strategies in the North West province of South Africa.
This study contributes to the literature on climate change and variability discourse by presenting an indigenous knowledge-based climate governance structure that is inclusive of rural communities that suffer the most from the impacts of climate change.
This study contributes to the literature on gender, social capital and adaptive capacity to climate variability. It is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between gender and climate variability in Kenya's arid and semi-arid regions. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners.
This is the first study to investigate the effect of the use of IFs and SFs on pastoralists' adaptation to climate change in Rwenzori region of Uganda.
This is the first study to estimate the regional impact of an increase of 1.5degC in mean global temperature on soil moisture regimes in Mexico and to analyze the implications for the different ecosystems of the country under this warming threshold.
This is the first study to analyze the spatial-temporal changes in the NDVI and the response of vegetation to climate change in the Yellow River basin, China. The results of this study can be used as a reference for policy makers and policy makers to improve the management of forest resources in rural areas in China, especially in the rural areas.
This article details the concept of exploiting the potential for distributed photovoltaic (PV) generation in the NEB associated with local production of food in its drought resilient Caatinga Biome as a developmental and socioeconomic inclusion mechanism. It constitutes an unprecedented alternative to time-proven failed policies rooted on water availability for small-scale farming.
This is one of the first studies to empirically examine the joint benefits of CD and climate change adaptation measures on farm households' welfare in the Nile basin of Ethiopia. The findings of this study can be used as a guide for policy makers and policy makers to design appropriate strategies to improve farm households welfare.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no prior work has specially studied the differences between national and regional legislation or discussed, which should be enacted first to address climate change in the context of China. This article contributes to broadening current knowledge of regional climate change legislation in China.
This is one of the first studies to analyze perceptions of climate change effects among owners and managers of tourist accommodation establishments (hotels, campsites and rural lodgings) in the Muga River basin and determine what countermeasures they have taken or are planning on taking.
This is one of the first studies to examine the productivity and production risk effects of adopting drought-tolerant maize varieties in Zambia. It is also the first study to examine these effects in the context of drought-prone regions.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the perception of flood risk and health impact of exposure to flooding among households in flood-prone informal settlements in the coastal city of Mombasa, Kenya.
This paper is the first attempt to link scientific knowledge to policy by proposing a new method that allows scientists and policymakers to monitor whether humankind is adequately progressing toward the goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2degC and, also, how far it is from this goal. This method is based on the concept of global carbon budget (GCB), which is discussed and defined below. The authors apply it to study the study of the PA.
This is one of the first studies to investigate the reasons for the dis-adoption of climate smart sorghum varieties in Tanzania. The results of this study will help sorghums breeders, policy makers and researchers to better understand the factors affecting the adoption and subsequent dis-ADoption of such varieties. The findings of the study will also help policy makers, breeders and researchers in developing countries to design and implement policies and programs to promote the adoption of climate-smart varieties.
This is the first study to disentangle the specific types of crop switching decisions that are primarily motivated by climate change and the socio-economic and environmental factors that influence these decisions. The study is also the first to examine the determinants of these decisions in detail at the level of individual crops.
By providing a comprehensive empirical analysis of the institutional and organizational capabilities for climate change adaptation in the public sectors, the authors address critical questions about whether and how LDCs can absorb more donor funding and about the risks and returns involved. This research fills an important gap in the literature.
The study contributes to the literature on climate change and vulnerability perceptions of rural communities in South Africa. It provides valuable insights into the perceptions of the rural communities about the impacts of climate change on their livelihoods and their potential for adaptation to climate change.
This study is the first to analyze the influencing factors of carbon emissions in China based on the Markov transfer matrix and projection pursuit model. The results of this study can be used to promote energy saving and emission reduction in China.
This is one of the first studies to analyze the economic impacts of climate change on crop farming in Bangladesh. The results of this study will help policy makers and policy makers to take appropriate measures to mitigate the adverse effects of climate changes on agriculture.
The findings of this study will provide specific gender vulnerability levels, sensitivity and adaptive capacities to climate change and variability. This will be instrumental in formulating policies to address the specific needs of gender groups in reducing vulnerability to climatechange and variability as a way of achieving Ghana's National Climate Change Policy objective of gender equity.
This is the first qualitative study to examine how multilevel networks for climate change adaptation should be initiated and implemented as a means of achieving climate change adaptations in Norwegian municipalities. The paper seeks to present practical and research-based guidelines for the management of such networks.
This study contributes to the literature by exploring how firms differ in climate-entrepreneurial proactivity, characterized as sensing and interpreting climate change issues and integrating them into a managerial decision-making process. This study also investigates differences in corporate attitude toward the Korean ETS regulation and carbon management practices. Finally, this study examines how climate-enterprise proactivity leads to operational performance and market and emission reductions.
This is the first attempt to analyse the impacts of climate change on the development of the winegrowing sector in Poland. It is also one of the first attempts to analyse climate change impacts on the sustainability of wine production.
This is the first study to use GIS models to assess the vulnerability to erosion in mangroves in a tropical coastal protected area using GIS techniques.
This study is the first to systematically address the occurrence of extreme temperature events in hazard-scenario analysis of Hulunbuir. It is also one of the first studies to consider the possible impact factors of extreme high-temperatures in the context of global warming.
This paper is the first attempt to analyze the scientific basis of the Paris climate agreement based on the IPCC's own reports. The results of this paper can be used as a reference for other researchers and policy makers who are interested in the Paris Agreement.
This research contributes to the literature by examining the extent and determining factors of carbon emission disclosures in an emerging economy. This is also the first study that has examined factors influencing the carbon emission disclosure practices of companies in Turkey. Further, this study contributes to understanding the role of board characteristics in carbon emission policies and disclosures, which has been rarely investigated in prior research.
This study provides evidence of the positive relationship between temperature increases and overall increases in mortality in developed countries during the period of 1970-2010. When the adaptation effect is taken into account, however, only a weak positive relationship is observed. The authors further examine whether the adaptation effects differ between areas where temperatures differ between hot, medium-hot and cold.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of crop farmers' decisions on future land use, land cover changes in Kintampo North Municipality of Ghana. The findings of this study will enhance the implementation of appropriate policies aimed at conserving the categories of land use being depleted over time.
This study is the first attempt to evaluate the impacts of climate change on natural recharge in an arid environment using modeling approach.
This research initiative is inspired by the world-renowned and widely accepted research publication, "The Economics of Climate Change: The Stern Review", led by Sir Nicholas Stern in 2007. It has brought about a new dimension in the conventional analysis of climate change by creating debates about climate economics. The authors are indebted to that publication and express our heartfelt gratitude to the authors involved therein.
This paper provides an overview of efforts made by the Government of Cameroon and other relevant institutions to promote synergies between climate change mitigation and adaptation in Cameroon.
This paper provides an account of the role of SEA as an integral component of policy and decision-making and its contribution to CCA in the coastal zone of Bangladesh. SEA case studies with a potential role in CCA are identified.
This is the first study that attempts to understand vulnerability at the local level in Mozambique with an aim to support policy intervention. The findings of this study can be used as a basis for the development of community-based strategies aimed at reducing vulnerability to climate change.
This study introduces geographical instruments, longitude and latitude, for temperature to assess the impact of climate change on agriculture because instrumental variables method makes it possible to assert the relationship between agriculture and climate change as a causal relationship rather than merely a correlation. No study has considered the reverse causality between the dependent and independent variables by using geographical instruments.
This study is the first of its kind to use geostatistical techniques to map adaptive capacities of resource-poor communities to climate change in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
This is one of the first studies to use a Ricardian valuation approach to assess the impact of CC on cocoa production in Nigeria. The findings of this study will be of great value to policy makers and researchers alike.
This study is one of the first to examine the general understanding and attitudes of rural residents in China regarding global warming and their willingness to pay higher prices to mitigate it. The results of this study can help policy makers and researchers to understand how the public's understanding of global warming affects its mitigation responses.
This is the first study to analyze the impacts of climate change on farm-level adaptation in the Sertao, which is one of the most populous semi-arid regions in the world. The results may be useful to policy makers, researchers and practitioners.
This is the first attempt to review the literature on climate change and variability in Uganda. It provides a framework for further investigation of climate change in Uganda and the associated impacts that ought to be known.
This paper presents a methodology for the identification of knowledge gaps on insinuations of possible directions of EU and international climate policies, through a participatory process of highly experienced stakeholders' engagement. A key element of this approach is the consideration of key stakeholders, involved directly or indirectly in progress policymaking and capable of providing feedback on their specific area of expertise, therefore leading to more accurate results.
This paper is the first attempt to assess the impacts of climate change on the Velika Morava River in Serbia, which is one of the most important rivers in the Danube River Basin.
This study is the first attempt to apply the GPC framework to the underdeveloped city of Nanchang in China. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other cities in developing countries to improve their CO2e emissions accounting.
The Kiyu management process allows articulation of local stakeholders with local, sub-national and national-level decision makers. This socio-institutional framework facilitates the implementation of effective coastal EbA measures for the preservation of coastal systems and preservation of ecosystem services to cope with extreme events and sea-level rise.
There is internationally no quantitative assessment on the impacts of geoengineering on coral reefs. In this study, the authors evaluate the consequences of a stratospheric aerosol geoengineering scheme on Caribbean coral reefs, which are currently threatened by climate-induced ocean warming.
The study is the first of its kind to assess the status of ecosystem services in adaptation projects in West Africa. The findings of the study will be of value to policy makers, researchers and practitioners in the field of climate change adaptation.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of climate change on AIV production in Kenya. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, policy makers and farmers in the country.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effect of climate variability on crop income and indigenous adaptation strategies of households in West Hararghe Zone, Ethiopia.
This study is one of the first attempts to investigate the perceptions of pastoralists on climate variability and its impact on livestock system and diseases in the Borena lowland of Ethiopia. The findings of this study will contribute to the existing literature on climate change and its effects on the livestock system in the area.
This is the first study of its kind in Gilgit-Baltistan and the first in Pakistan. The results of this study can be used to develop a forest inventory for all Pakistan.
This study contributes to the understanding of the current situation of climate change in Colombia, which is one of the most vulnerable countries in the world. It is important to note that the majority of the population live in the high Andes (where water scarcities and damage to the soil already pose a risk) and the coastal and insular areas (where the expected rise in sea level and flooding will disturb human settlements and economic activities). This situation has generated worldwide concern, especially in countries with greater vulnerability, such as Colombia.
This is the first attempt to examine the potential of integrating climate change into China's EIA procedures. The findings can serve as an important foundation for future research from legal and other perspectives on how to integrate climate change and other environmental concerns into the EIA procedure.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between CCV, adaptation and risk perceptions at household level in the context of rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The findings of this study will be of great value to policy makers, researchers, practitioners and researchers alike.
This study is the first attempt to develop a statistical model to forecast domestic water demand in the context of climate change, population growth and technological development in the Yellow River basin under changing environment.
This study may offer valuable lessons for policy adaptation that is pro-poor, as this concept is not yet widely appreciated in the climate-change-policy literature. It identifies the processes through which the extremely poor can accumulate assets and build resilience to the impacts of climate change. Further, it identifies how the extreme poor households' assets can be protected and how long-term resilience for the urban extreme poor can be built.
This study contributes to the existing literature by identifying the factors that determine the probability and intensity of adoption of CSAPs in the Gangetic plains of Bihar, India. The findings of this study will help policy makers, researchers and practitioners to understand the adoption behavior of these practices and to fine-tune their design and promotion to drive adoption.
This is one of the first studies to use climate analogues to characterize the velocity of cities' future climate shift and to explore its potential implications on urban dwellers and on the design of adaptation strategies.
The study essentially adds to evidence-based analyses on local institutional alternatives for climate adaptation vis-a-vis sustainable water management in water-stressed rural African communities. It is important if adaptation processes and interventions are to succeed and help particularly the most vulnerable individuals, households and groups at the local level.
This is the first study to evaluate the environmental value of the transformation of degraded landscapes to AF systems through their potentials to sequester C as part of a global mitigation effort for atmospheric C sequestration in drylands. The findings of this study will be useful to policy makers and practitioners for designing relevant policies aiming at sustainable use of land resource.
This study is the first of its kind in Botswana to investigate farmers' perceptions on climate change and its stressors, their adaptation strategies and determinants of adaptation to climate change. The findings will help policy-makers to design and implement sustainable adaptation strategies that will help reduce climate change impacts in future.
This is the first study to explore the relationship between development and non-climate change in small island states. It is also one of the first to explore this relationship in the context of SIDS.
This is the first attempt to explore the ethical dilemmas of hosting the Small Island Developing States from the perspective of their rights-claims to continuous existence as states.
This paper is the first to explore the history of climate-human interactions on oceanic islands because these commenced and to identify those special characteristics of island environments and societies that remain valid in today's globalized world and could be used to help make future interventions for climate-change adaptation more effective and sustainable.
This is one of the first papers to examine the linkages between resource extractivism, health and climate change in small islands in Oceania.
This paper is the first to explore the challenges of islandness in both top-down, model-led forms of climate impact assessment and bottom-up, vulnerability-led approaches. It examines the role that alternative forms of knowledge production can play in validating models, where they can match the scale of island decision-making and in guiding adaptation actions at the local level and highlights decision- making techniques that can support adaptation, even when data is uncertain.
This paper contributes to the literature in two principal ways: first, it provides empirical evidence that local perceptions may strongly differ from national recommendations and plans; second, it illustrates an innovative methodology not used before in adaptation planning. The mixed methodology approach deployed by this research combined technological innovation (particularly the application of mobile technology) with human/social approaches to provide empirical evidence of local perceptions.
This paper contributes to the understanding of the ways in which artists in the Pacific are responding to climate change in ways that increase community resilience and capacity to adapt to the impacts of climate change on their livelihoods.
This paper is one of the first attempts to develop a framework for taking responsibility for the climate refugees in the context of Bangladesh.
To the best of the author's knowledge, this paper is the first to apply a system-generalized method of moments estimator to study the effect of FDI on carbon intensity using worldwide panel data. In this regard, the study of dynamic specification with a lagged dependent variable has been largely unexplored in the existing literature. In addition, the system GMM is more appropriate in estimating a dynamic panel data model, as it can address the issues of endogeneity, heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation within the related variables.
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no research has yet thoroughly analysed the potential role and channels of social protection for addressing climate-induced migration. This paper attempts to fill the research gap by analysing empirical literature on the effects of innovative social protection programmes and linking them to climate-related drivers of migration and the needs of vulnerable populations. This allows conceptually deriving key policy implications for the design of future policies.
This paper contributes to the literature on human mobility in the context of climate change and disasters in South America, as it is one of the first attempts to address this issue from a South American perspective.
This study provides an understanding of the current level of planning and oversight of migration and displacement associated with climate change and identifies best practices in the effective management of climate-induced migration and displaced people in Pacific and Caribbean SIDS.
The originality of this paper lies in the fact that it is one of the first attempts to analyze displacement and migration as a result of climate change from the perspective of community resilience. The paper also contributes to the understanding of the role of planning policy and community resilience in reducing the need for displacement.
This study is one of the first to examine the role of migration as an adaptation strategy to cope with climate change in rural India. The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the factors determining the urban component other than the wage differential.
This study is the first of its kind to assess the magnitude, duration, frequency and spatial extent of meteorological drought in the north east highlands of Ethiopia. The results of this study can be used as a reference for future drought assessment in Ethiopia.
This study is the first of its kind in the west of Iran to evaluate the climate change effects on ETP in future periods.
This is the first study to examine the role of migrants' remittances in financing climate change adaptation among rural households in Ghana. The findings of this study will be of value to policy makers, policy makers and researchers alike.
This paper contributes to the literature on urban spatial enlargement by investigating the vulnerability of new development areas to floods in the near future. The findings of this paper can be used as a reference for urban planners and policy makers in the planning and management of spatial development of new urban areas.
This research is the first attempt to address the legal issues in application of Kafalah in Islamic banking in Malaysia from the perspectives of law and Shariah.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the impact of leadership styles on managerial effectiveness through the mediating influence of IWE in the Information and Communications Technology sector in Saudi Arabia.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between economic growth and sukuk market development in the context of Islamic banking system in Pakistan.
This paper is the first of its kind in the Arab world to examine the challenges of transforming education to prepare students to invent the future. It is also one of the first to explore the potential of the Global Education Innovation Initiative as a model for the transformation of education.
This paper presents an original option trading strategy based on the well-known auto regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) econometric model. It is applied to series of European call and put option contracts whose underlying asset is the S&P 500 Composite index. This innovative trading approach based on ARIMA index forecasting is benchmarked to an equivalent approach apart that the index forecasts are obtained from GARCH (1, 1).
This is the first review of SMA and its techniques published in the accounting journals from 2008 to 2019. The paper provides a comprehensive review of the literature on SMA techniques and their adoption and usage.
This paper expands its own importance and giving from the detail that it using of GARCH-DECO (1,1) for the first time on the investigation of the conditional volatility and the time-varying variance of DECO between S&P500 index and Dow Jones Industrial index and three selected meat commodities indices.
This paper identifies the current challenges to digital health-care adoption and discusses how IoT and big data technologies can help promote digital health care adoption.
The novelty of the proposed framework lies in encompassing both prevention and management of fire hazard in buildings. To demonstrate the applicability of this framework in improving fire safety in buildings, major limitations of current fire protection measures are identified, and detailed strategies are provided to address these limitations using the framework.
This study is the first of its kind to examine students' perception about the use of mobile phones in an educational setting in a higher education institution located in Jamaica. Given the unique challenges and constraints, such studies on student receptiveness to mobile technology use in classroom scenario may better inform institutions how to integrate mobile phone usage into pedagogies and delivery modes to enhance student performance and learning outcomes.
This study is the first of its kind in Russia to investigate the level of awareness of Islamic finance principles among financial institutions' employees in Russia. The results of this study could be used by the Russian government to develop an infrastructure for the development of Islamic financial system.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the effect of Aaker's brand equity dimensions, namely, brand awareness, brand association, perceived quality and brand loyalty on consumers' purchase intention towards skincare products.
This study provides a better theoretical insight into the perceived risk and trust factors that influence the adoption of mobile payment services by identifying their effects on the people who use this service. Existing studies have focused primarily on motivating factors, while current study focuses on customer security related factors and becomes more relevant, as security-related factors are pre-requisites for the adoption in financial transactions. In addition, the study successfully examined the moderating effect of gender, which provides a clearer picture of the different perceptions in mobile payment of different genders.
This study contributes to the existing knowledge on brand management from a B2B SME perspective, and responds to the calls for more branding research to focus on an Eastern-related context.
This paper is the first attempt to examine the progress of the external dimension of the BP 20 years after its launch. It provides an overview of the progress made by the BP in Europe, Africa, Central Asia and Asia-Pacific and Latin America.
This study is the first to explore the use of concept mapping as a means of visualising tacit knowledge in the context of faculty development in a collaborative environment.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the legal framework challenges to e-banking in Tanzania in the context of developing countries.
The study tries to show that digital technologies are having the significant impact on the preservation of world-wide art and culture. Within this framework, when it comes to promoting and protecting the diversity of world culture and art in a new environment, the progress made by some countries could be extremely useful for others. Indeed, many of the initiatives in relation to creativity and cultural industries are increasing the visibility of world art and art.
This paper presents estimates of the years the European Muslim Population will be majority in 30 European countries using spectral analysis.
The study makes a number of contributions to the literature. First, most of the previous research on the relationship between leadership and ethical outcomes in organizations has mainly focused on positive forms of leadership such as ethical leadership. However, less is known about the role of undesirable leadership behaviours on ethical outcomes. This study seeks to address this limitation by examining how moral efficacy interacts with abusive supervision to influence moral courage. Second, although moral efficacy is believed to be an "important contributor" to the desire and decision to engage in morally courageous acts, very little is known empirically about whether individual differences in efficacy beliefs could "contribute to the understanding of moral courage" (Baumert et al., 2013, p. 1055).
The authors have updated the investigation on the effects of corruption on inflation using data gathered since 2011 across 72 countries. The authors have also applied techniques that control for the possible endogeneity, autocorrelation and serial correlation problems that have been observed in the literature on corruption studies. In addition, the analysis account for endogeneity problems which are typically found in such studies by using Fixed Effects and 2SLS models.
This study is one of the first attempts to examine the usage intention of Facebook users through the judgment of the uses and gratification (UGT) and with some mediation effects in the context of Facebook.
Most of the extant literature in this area merely explains the possible reasons and underlying theories for the relationships between the abovementioned signaling variables and IPO initial returns; none has incorporated the alterations that institutional characteristics may create in these relationships. The novel contribution of this study is to fill this gap in the literature and offer important insights to firm owners, fund managers, and investors.
This is one of the few studies that considered the inclusion of mediator or moderator in the relationship between HRMP and OP. It is the first of its kind in Nigeria.
This study is one of the first to investigate the growth rate of IMC at the interface of the Cu/Ni/SnAg cell and Cu/snAg cell, and the Kirkendall voids at the interfaces of Cu/Sn IMC. This study will help the packaging industry prioritize the development of advanced package for the next generation of automotive market requirements, especially for analog IC of intelligence vehicle.
The authors provide a robust model to government policymakers, planners or pension managers to gain insight into the future KSA's pyramid of ages: spectral analysis assumes that population time series propagate through time like signals through space.
This paper is an original work of the author. It is based on her personal experience as a lecturer in a university teaching program.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the relationship between SI and performance of HEIs in a developing country context. The findings of this study will be of value to both academicians and practitioners in the field of SI.
This study is the first of its kind to investigate the 3D printing of multilateral component of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) in a single structural form for structural applications. The results of this study will be useful for researchers and scientists to understand the impact of 3DP of recycled ABS, PLA and HIPS thermoplastics for structural application.
The paper contributes to the diffusion of engineered pentamode lattices into the broad field of structural engineering, which at present makes limited use of mechanical metamaterials.
The paper presents numerical and experimental investigation on the mechanical characterization of a special class of tensegrity metamaterials, named class th = 1 prisms. Such a configuration can be stabilized through a suitable set of self-equilibrated internal forces.
The developed Mg-3Si-HA composites showed low ductility, high strength and high corrosion resistance because of the presence of bigger Mg2Si particle and eutectic phases. The developed composites also showed high biodegradability, superior biocompatibility and low elastic modulus nearing to that of the bone.
The study of the dynamic properties of a 2D lattice is usually based on few assumptions. This paper is one of the first attempts to study the 2-D periodic structures of the representative unit cell.
This paper reviews an advanced numerical model capable to search a "safe" thrust surface of masonry vaults, via an iterative procedure based on a constrained lumped stress method (LSM) and a tensegrity approach capable to optimize the design of strengthening systems on masonry structures.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the effects of corporate social responsibility, social media marketing, store environment, perceived value and sales promotion on consumers' purchase decision with empirical data from department stores in Malaysia.
The authors contribute to this literature by comparing the propensity to risk between women and men by using two samples, one of entrepreneurs and the other of non-entrepreneurs, while controlling for other characteristics that are likely to influence such propensity. This type of research is scarcer in the entrepreneurship literature.
Although there is extensive literature on methods for estimating IV dynamics during earnings announcement, few researchers have examined the impact of expected MMM, IV differential and IV Rank on the IV path after the earnings announcement. One reason for this research gap is because of the recent introduction of weekly options for equities by the Chicago Board of Options Exchange (CBOE) back in late 2010. Even then, the CBOE only released weekly options options for four individual equities - Bank of America (BAC), Apple (AAPL), Citigroup (CN) and US-listed shares of BP (BPBP). The introduction of these options provided more flexibility and flexibility from the perspective of trading volatility. This study has highlighted the impacts of market sentiment and liquidity as part of the model for forecasting IV during earnings announcements.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the moderating role of OC on the relationship between CE and BP in the context of Pakistani banking sector. The findings of the present study would be useful for both academicians and practitioners.
The contribution of this paper is therefore to quantify both the direct and indirect effects of corruption on environment in Tunisia. No previous study has attempted to analyze how the level of corruption can affect environment in Tunisian.
This study is an extension of previous research, where a set of corporate characteristic variables is considered to examine their association with the leverage of the firm. The findings of this study have contributions for the regulators and enforcement agencies such as Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Bangladesh (ICMAB), Institute of Chartered Accountant of Bangladesh, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE).
This paper is original in that it uses the tropes of kindness, inclusion and appreciation to argue for a kinder, more collaborative world, and offers that collaborations such as the Prince Sultan University Research Review are exemplars of possibilities.
This is the first time that multilingual proficiency has been conceptualized in the context of English as a language of multilinguals.
This study is the first attempt to evaluate the effectiveness of Arabic OCR systems in relation to the challenges of Arabic script. It also provides a set of performance metrics that can be used as a benchmark by researchers to compare the performance of OCR algorithms in comparison to each other.
This study is one of the first to examine the factors that influence the adoption of residential solar photovoltaic technology from the public's perspective in a developing country, such as Malaysia. The findings of this study can be used as a reference for other developing countries to evaluate the prospects of solar PV technology.
This paper is the first to propose an approach to annotate attack models to describe subtle differences between attacks. The approach can be used by academics and analysts to express subtle details in attacks that may not fit a model without compromising or replacing an existing model.
This paper is the first attempt to measure the influence of users in the Yelp recommender system. It is expected that more influential users have stronger influence with their reviews than regular users. Therefore, businesses are more impacted by the reviews of influential users than the reviews from less influential ones.
This paper proposes a novel approach to generate actionable knowledge from Big Data, which can be used to improve the coverage and accuracy of existing KBs and tackle the truth discovery problem. In particular, the proposed approach is able to obtain machine-readable and interpretable knowledge in terms of entities and relations and entity-level linkage for the Web of data, which holds the potential to improve human lives.
The proposed approach in this research is a step forward to overcome the current shortcomings in a hierarchy GRA by extracting the benefits from both the objective and subjective weighting methods. It provides more reasonable and encompassing results for ranking alternatives in GRA.
Unlike the Eringen strain-driven nonlocal integral elastic model which cannot be applied to nano-structures of technical interest, the stress-driven theory is mathematically consistent and useful for nano-electromechanical system applications.
The developed finite element model is capable of predicting fire response of steel beams where flexural or shear effects dominate the behavior of beams. In a fire-exposed steel beam, sectional instabilities can occur in web due to shear parameters prior to that in flange due to flexural parameters under certain loading and sectional configurations, and in fire- Exposed steel beams with higher slender webs, shear capacity can degrade at a higher pace than that of moment capacity. In such beams, failure can occur at shear limit state rather than flexural limit state.
The study has extended the application of these concepts and theories to: collective goods beyond only private ones; relationships between market and nonmarket actors instead of only between economic ones; private and state ordering systems beyond the public-ordering one whose presence or absence has dominated prior international business research; and the governance mode of non-contractual reciprocity available to complement market contracting, alliance and hierarchy - particularly, when dealing with non-market actors. These extensions have helped us unite the provision of collective goods to that of intermediate "collective goods". Besides, the highlighting of ordering systems has enriched the study of "institutional environments".
This is the first study to examine the spatiality of corruption in Africa. It reveals the uneven nature of corruption, its cultural and institutional embeddedness, and the uncertain role of anti-corruption campaigns in combatting corruption.
This paper provides a case study approach to explore management action to reduce the carbon emissions associated with air travel by employees, outlining how managerial practices inside the organisation affect the organisation's environmental impact and how an organisation may enable change. It also provides policy implications, in terms of risks and opportunities.
This study is one of the first studies to analyze the energy consumption and GHG emissions of the coffee industry in Mexico. The results of this study can be used as a reference for other coffee-producing countries in their efforts to transition to a low-carbon coffee industry.
This is the first study to explore the reasons for non-adoption of ABC by Irish firms. The findings of this study are of value to both academics and practitioners.
The authors offer a strategic management framework that is designed to address such societal disruptions. The keys are that firms need to develop a sense of identity that transcends these disruptions, using planning techniques that can cope with wicked problems, and develop platform organizations to formulate and implement effective strategic responses. In a more tangible sense, we can already see firms begin to take these steps to address potential disruptions in arenas such as health care and information technology.
The proposed model in this study elaborates how to incorporate practical training and advanced soft skills at an early academic stage. The proposed model would act as a guide to regulators and practitioners to develop and implement more practical accounting education compared to traditional classroom teaching.
This study is the first of its kind to examine the impact of e-banking service quality on e-loyalty in the context of COVID-19. The findings of this study will help banks to understand the importance of service quality and e-satisfaction in the banking sector during pandemic times.
This is the first study to investigate the critical success factors of partnerships from an emerging market perspective. The results of this study will improve our understanding of factors critical to the success of partnerships among PSFs. The outcome will undergird knowledge on the modern partnership formation literature; at least for SMEs. The contradictory results from previous studies could be resolved.
The present study provides directions on strategic management from the perspective of employees in a startup. The study results show that start-ups need to develop clarity in vision and mission statement and develop techniques and tools for employee engagement and skill development in line with employee's expectations.
This study is the first of its kind in the Indian context. It will help the insurance companies to understand their performance and the quantum of losses that this sector is making over the years. This study will also help the regulators to understand the current status of health insurance in India.
This study is the first of its kind in Ethiopia to explore the relationship between BoS and job satisfaction in the context of handloom weaving industry.
Despite the ever-growing importance of the internet and social media and their effects on the quality of individuals' working environment, conducting few investigations in this domain due to the high speed of changes was considered as a research gap. This study was an attempt to evaluate the impact of psychological entitlement on cyberloafing through the mediating role of perceived organizational justice.
This case study is unique in that it focuses on the leadership styles, emphasizing on authentic and ethical leadership, transforming into value-based leadership (VBL), which helped Adi Godrej to triumph his family business. The relevance of the case study also emphasizes on the post-COVID-19 world.
This paper introduces a new concept of omnidexterity or omnidextrous organization, indicating all four (upper and lower) limbs of organizations to sustain in crisis; and this corporate story also illustrates the example of organizational resiliency, as rather than taking a defensive approach, in this case, the company-initiated actions that could provide positive results.
This study adds a couple of novelties to the existing literature. First, this study is one of the first empirical researches in India that examines the financial performance of GIC Re from different perspectives. Second, the present study utilizes a set of varied standard tools and techniques, namely, internal growth rate (IGR), modified Altman's Z-score model and Ohlson's O- score model, among others, to analyse and forecast GIC re's financial performance.
The paper provides an insight into the problematic public policies and the leadership challenge for socio-economic transformation in South Africa. The paper is original in the sense that it is the first of its kind in the South African context.
